TITLE: UI Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Job Role -UI Lead Must Have Should possess strong hands on development expertise in Angular JS, Node JS and other open source UI tools/framework etc... Strong lead who could mentor the team in their day to day development activities and provide reports to the Engineering Manager Strong expertise around building customized frameworks/solutions and having them implemented across solutions Strong experience in building Unit testing frameworks and have it implemented across solutions Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong communication skills Lead one or more agile team (s) of up to 5-7 engineers each Should possess skills to work and guide supporting team(s) on deployment, implementations, QE, Middleware etc.. Should have total development experience 4-8 years Knowledge of defect tracking, configuration . build management tools like Bugzilla, GIT, Maven etc. Good to have Knowledge of healthcare and related tools and concepts Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A. Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Javascript Maven GIT Open Source Unit Testing Build Management Defect Tracking Engineering Management Strong Communication Skills Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate with Healthcare domain preferred.Candidate who can join us in short notice preferred.Candidates from Bnagalore need only apply.Office location would be Electronic city or Bellandur . Company Profile: Altimetrik India Pvt. Ltd Altimetrik is a young organization filled with passionate technologists with a drive to create a difference in the enterprise world. It was formed in 2012. Headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, USA, Altimetrik is a Business Transformation & Technology Solutions Partner for the enterprises in the areas of digital, consumer technology and connected solutions. With a diverse workforce of 1,300 associates, Altimetrik is a rapidly growing organization. In 2014, Altimetrik clocked 60% growth and in 2015, we are on track for a 75% growth, reaching close to 100 Mn USD in revenue. We have 7 global development centres. 2 in Chennai, 2 in Bangalore, 1 in Pune 1 in Uruguay, 1 in USA. Altimetrik is founded by Raj Vattikuti and is part of the Vattikuti ventures. Raj is doyen in the Indian outsourcing industry. Among his many ventures, he was also the founder of Covansys, one of the largest technology and outsourcing companies from India which was acquired by CSC in 2007 for a record 1.3 Bn USD. Raj Vattikuti today is the CEO of Altimetrik backed by a vastly experienced core leadership team coming from some of the finest organizations; IBM, Accenture, Wipro, Cognizant, Cap Gemini, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details