TITLE: Script Engineer (0 to 1 year ) for Pramata

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Pramata: Pramata converts the information buried in customer contracts into Customer Relationship Intelligence. Sales and sales operations teams use it to accelerate deals, drive customer retention and for cross and upsell initiatives. Legal and finance teams use it to reduce risk, drive compliance and keep every contract in a single, easily accessible place. Pramata is headquartered near San Francisco, California and has its solutions delivery center in Bangalore, India. Key Qualifications/Skills Required: 0 or 1 year of work experience developing software Preferred knowledge about scripting languages (Ruby) Experience developing objectoriented applications Knowledge of relational database concepts Knowledge of Agile Development Methodologies Knowledge of XML, JSON, HTML Deep understanding of programming principles and an interest in software development Ability to analyze and solve problems Comfortable working independently, as well as part of a team Results driven and detailoriented Flexible and efficient at multitasking Drives Innovations to deliver better value to our customers. Bachelors degree or higher Desirable: Creative willing to think outside of the box Strong verbal and written communication skills Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Ruby Communication Skills Ruby Scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required About Pramata:Pramata converts the information buried in customer contracts into Customer RelationshipIntelligence. Sales and sales operations teams use it to accelerate deals, drive customerretention and for cross and upsellinitiatives. Legal and finance teams use it to reduce risk,drive compliance and keep every contract in a single, easily accessible place. Pramata isheadquartered near San Francisco, California and has its solutions delivery center in Bangalore,India.Key Qualifications/Skills Required: 0 or 1 year of work experience developing software Preferred knowledge about scripting languages (e.g. Python, Perl, Ruby) Experience developing objectorientedapplications Knowledge of relational database concepts Knowledge of Agile Development Methodologies Knowledge of XML, JSON, HTML Deep understanding of programming principles and an interest in software development Ability to analyze and solve problems Comfortable working independently, as well as part of a team Results driven and detailoriented Flexible and efficient at multitasking Drives Innovations to deliver better value to our customers. Bachelors degree or higherDesirable: Creative willing to think outside of the box Strong verbal and written communication skills Company Profile: Pramata Knowledge Solutions Private Limited About Pramata: Pramata converts the information buried in customer contracts into Customer Relationship Intelligence. Sales and sales operations teams use it to accelerate deals, drive customer retention and for cross and up-sell initiatives. Legal and finance teams use it to reduce risk, drive compliance and keep every contract in a single, easily accessible place. Pramata is headquartered near San Francisco, California and has its solutions delivery center in Bangalore, India. Who are we and what do we do? Pramata is on the verge of revolutionizing the way businesses manage their customer relationships; by extracting information embedded in complex contract documents and blending that data with other data sources like traditional CRMs and billing systems to create powerful new ways of gaining a deeper and more robust understanding of customer relationships that facilitate powerful actions. Accurate information extracted from contracts is at the center of the Pramata product. How do we do it? We use a combination of technology and subject matter experts to extract accurate information from contract documents; and then use a strong API layer to blend the contracts data with other sources like SFDC to present the most relevant information to the end user through compelling user interfaces. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details