TITLE: Data Analyst

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As an organization jointly owned by the business and IT, the MSSC (Mercury Solution Support Centre) is a centralized and global operations that will provide operational support for an integrated, SAP-centric platform (Mercury) and will manage & support the Mercury user community. Business Efficiency and Evolution is one of the four core functions of the MSSC. Business Efficiency and Evolution will work closely with the business and the Global Process Owners to set the strategic direction and road map for Mercury, enabling process efficiency and standardization through: -Centralized business process governance -Portfolio planning, demand management and prioritization -Analysis of business requirements and the identification of process improvement opportunities, aligned with business KPIs, which can be delivered via the Mercury solution -Robust governance, stewardship and audit of Mercury data -Effective governance and management of the Mercury control framework. In the Service Excellence function, the Data Analyst supports the Data Analyst Lead in maintaining and updating in-scope data elements / objects for the Finance area of the Mercury solution. Ensures populated data is aligned with defined Mercury / EY data standards, and prepares for, participates in and supports the Data Steward in periodic audits and data quality reviews. Shift: Night Shift Duties and Responsibilities -Hands on experience in Maintaining CRM MDM (CRM Objects) which includes Maintenance of Prospect, Client, Accounts and their attributes -To work on end to end MDM Process -To work on cleansing of master data objects -Hands on experience for resolving the MDM end users issues as per priority -Have experience on process improvement and data control of MDM objects -Generate reports from various applications and tools -Ensure data is aligned to defined solution and EY data standards -Performs data analysis and quality checks on assigned data domain -Participates in and supports the Data Steward in periodic audits and reviews of data quality -Assist the Data Stewards through ad-hoc analysis by writing queries that will extract information from the data warehouse. -Analyse data and create reports in a presentable format: -Retrieve appropriate data with analytics tool -Compile output either from the data warehouse (EDW) or the analytics tool -Develop reports on Excel Write analysis (i.e. observations, insights, recommendations) based on compiled data -Produce weekly, bi-weekly and monthly Excel reports for management -Ensure that data management methodologies include the steps, activities and deliverables required to consistently achieve high-quality secure data -Gather data for analysis purposes using complex data mining instructions and scenarios. -Produce needed statistics to allow others to make informed decisions Desired skills and Experience -Minimum of 3-6 years in hands on experience in Maintaining CRM MDM (CRM Objects) is a MUST. -Bachelors Degree -Willing to work in night shift -Skills that demonstrate the ability to work with multiple business lines -Strong research and analytical skills, as well as, data profiling, manipulation and cleansing experience. -Detailed oriented, strong organizational skills, and the ability to work independently or as part of a team. -Multi-tasking abilities and the ability to work in a fast paced environment. -Desire and aptitude to learn Master Data Management technologies and concepts. -Able to interpret data from both technical and business perspective -Understanding of master data management, data integration & SOA methodologies, concepts & approaches Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills SAP MDM Master Data Management CRM mdm Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Ernst Young About Ernst & Young We are in the business of delivering seamless, consistent, high-quality professional services worldwide. We have 135,000 individuals across 140 countries, with an array of talents, who deliver these services daily. Ernst & Young operates from 8 cities in India (www.ey.com/india) with a work force of over 2400 people, who work towards the firms vision of being the trusted business advisor that contributes most to the success of people and clients. Global Tax Advisory Services, Risk and Business Solutions and Transaction Advisory Services are the core services offered by the firm in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details