TITLE: iOS Programmer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Primary responsibilities: The Sr. Mobile Application Development Lead will build and manage a team of software developers in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Position will be responsible for planning, successful execution and ongoing support of innovative product development for smart phones & tablets. Skill requirements: Minimum 4 to 5 years of experience in IT with Min. 2-3 Years of experience in mobile applications development. Design and develop hybrid applications for iOS, android, windows and blackberry platforms. Must have worked on PhoneGap; knowledge of other hybrid development platforms like Titanium, Cocoa will be a plus. Mobile application development using HTML5, CSS, JQuery Mobile. Good Object Oriented, problem solving and debugging skills Good understanding of JSON, ReST, SOAP Expert at designing, coding, and implementing with performance, scalability, localization requirements in mind. Project Responsibilities: Work closely with product management, internal client, design, user experience and other development and support groups to build highest quality products for our consumers. Drive development to planned timeline, ensuring early and regular communication through all stages of development. Drive consolidation of products to utilize common underlying technology architecture and components. Attend scope meetings, review scopes for estimate accuracy and technical correctness. Promote best practice development habits and highest product quality standards through regular code reviews and open team communication. Manage work intake through Scrum agile development process, including sprint planning, effort estimation and change management, improving processes to maximize team performance. Maintain and enhance existing products, balancing schedules among maintenance activities and new product development. Create and document technical requirements, project plan, user stories, solution architecture, change requests, release notes, monitoring process, root cause analyses, etc. in partnership with product management, project management and other teams. Other Skills: Ability to work in team and handle pressure and demands. Must possess excellent verbal & written communication skills. Ability to Multi-task in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work with all departments and levels within the organization. Highly organized and detail-oriented. Must be aware of common information security principles & practices Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JQuery Mobile Android Project Management JSON Mobile Applications User Experience CSS Phonegap User Stories Mobile Application Development iOS Programmer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Myly Myly is a cloud-based Communication & Transaction Platform for Institutions. The myly platform provides a secure online environment for managing institution data along with a comprehensive analytics dashboard. The communication modules provides unified multi-channel communication solution with free institution-branded mobile app supporting bi-directional multi-media communication. The platform has a modular approach and offers add-on modules like Fees Management solution, Transport Management solution etc. which can be subscribed to as needed. It fulfills the Institutions' need for an easy, scalable and economical solution, which is future-proof and can integrate with upcoming technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details