TITLE: Quality Specialist - UX Engineering Team

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. ABOUT SAP Do you demand the best from your professional career Are you inspired by excellence At SAP you will have the power to make a real impact. As the global market leader for business software, SAP helps companies and organizations of all sizes and in more than 25 industries to run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Because user experience is of vital importance to the success of all SAP products, SAP constantly evaluates and improves its products to ensure that SAP users get the best user experience possible. User Experience at SAP covers all activities from conception and design of future SAP products to maintenance and improvement of existing applications. The Global Design Team is an interdisciplinary team of Designers, Architects, Developers and Product Owners that work closely with customers and internal development organizations. We create and implement new design concepts, enable scaling of the great FIORI design through reference applications and design integrated development infrastructure and evolve and roll-out best practice for the whole company. In this context Global Design has recently set up a new team of developers, architects, quality and product experts to work together with UX Designers to take the most innovative UX concepts and bring them to life. The Fiori UX Engineering team will lead the activities across the different organizations to provide all needed building blocks to scale the adoption of Fiori and accelerate the speed of bringing UX innovation into the hands of our customers. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS As part of the Fiori UX Engineering team you will: Be part of a new development team located in SAP Labs India, Bangalore. You will help the new team to become one of the central pillars of the UX Engineering area, delivering tools and building blocks needed to scale the adoption of Fiori. As part of the UX Engineering team you will help shape the new team and make it a well recognized and highly respected team in the P&I organization. You will help defining the overarching concepts for Fiori Building Blocks. You will be preparing functional/ nonfunctional test cases based on the specifications You will be Designing and Developing Test Automation for functional/ nonfunctional testing You will understand and Implement new Test Methodologies. You will trouble shoot functional and nonfunctional defects effectively , report and track defects You will Performs manual testing and other duties as assigned. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Bachelor or Master degree in computer science or equivalent education Required skills You demonstrate excellence in the following skills and competencies: Business English: Fluent Experience in Agile and Lean Software Development. Experience with QA processes and tools, test management systems, QA automation (Selenium) and analyzing bug trends Strong background of Testing, Test Methodology and Test process. Automation using standard tools like Selenium, QTP Effective Test Case authoring Background on Fiori Technology as well knowledge on lean and agile methodology, Cloud / Mobile processes. Preferred skills Ability to balance multiple priorities and work under time pressure Proactive, flexible, result-driven, with a can do attitude Hands on experience of Performance and Accessibility testing Ability to work in a team and independently Good communication & coaching skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Quality Engineer ERP Engineer Computer Science Engineering Quality Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required At least 4 years job experience.SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/ or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.Additional Locations:No Selectio Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details