TITLE: Software Quality Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In this role, you will be responsible to create & execute test plans and prepare test reports to support all test phases for software products based on web and mobile technologies. The position is responsible for driving the software quality engineering efforts across unit, module, system and user acceptance testing. Essential Responsibilities Break down problems and estimates time for quality related tasks Demonstrate increasing expertise in application domain and functional areas Apply various testing types and methodologies effectively during SDLC Take ownership of small tasks and deliver without supervision while using their discretion to seek help when necessary Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques Work independently and delivers testing and use case creation which meets standards and delivers desired functionality using the technology selected for the project Write effective tests according to best practices so that crucial functional requirements are verified and tests remain valid when code is refactored Begin to collaborate with development team in bugs fixing and build plans Collaborate with Quality Leaders in creating test plans Implement and configures testing tools and at times help junior staff Implement system-level integration testing Be skilled in core data structures and algorithms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Data Structures Test Engineering Test Reporting C# JavaScript Java XML SQL Testing Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Computers, Instrumentation PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Instrumentation Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Master's/Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & Electronics or Electronics and Telecommunication or Computer Science or Instrumentation or equivalent with at least 4 to 6 years of relevant experience in professional Quality Assurance or Software Testing. Advanced knowledge of software testing tools, defect and test case management tools. Experience with test Automation tools such as Selenium Webdriver, Protractor, Karma and Jasmine. Knowledge of how to test Web Services (SOAP via SoapUI) and RESTful services. Advanced understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and QA processes - adept at Agile methodologies and how QA/testing fits in this paradigm Knowledge of C#, JavaScript, Java, XML and SQL. Strong oral and written communication skills Experience working as part of teams following Agile Scrum methodology Experienced in planning and leading testing efforts for software development projects. Skilled in designing and documenting test scenario statements and in testing defined test cases. Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details