TITLE: Java with Webservice (immediate -short term Onsite Opportunity)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 2.5-8 years of software development experience Do you like Competitive programming ? Does codechief.com or topcoder.com or hacker rank.com sounds homely? Ability to excel in a fast-paced, and like challenges? You just love programming that's what you do Own what you code, and take ownership of the product - even the bugs you create. Come up with innovative solutions to the hurdles that confront the team on a day to day basis. Discover, design, develop, deploy, debug. Repeat! Collaborate with the team and communicate effectively - within the team and customers. Requirements JAVA and web services/ (WAS)- Restful or SOAP Build services Services patterns Protocols (Tomcat, SOAP, HTTPS, REST) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Web Services Rest SOAP Tomcat Web Technologies Software Development java webservices Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prowareness Software Services Private Limited Prowareness Software Services Private Limited Prowareness (www.prowareness.com) is one of the fast growing European organization with offices in Netherlands, India, USA and Germany. Established in 1998, Prowareness is head quartered in the Netherlands (www.prowareness.nl). Prowareness helps International companies by providing high quality software solutions and believe in delivering happiness and success of the clients. We have our own agile software development lab in Bangalore, which deliver quality solutions to our clients. Our Clientele is based out of Europe and we plan to grow to America this year. We are the leading agile software development organization with very high quality talent in India. Prowareness Software Labs in India work only with the best Software professionals working on a series of challenging projects and problems. Our software professionals have core insights in their selected technologies i.e. Microsoft.NET and other Microsoft products, Java/J2EE, PHP and other open source technologies that help us in developing unmatched quality product with support. We offer solutions across varied business domains and give our development teams opportunities to solve challenging business and technical problems in the current and the future business areas. - We are the market leaders in Agile Software Development Process, Agile Consulting - 80% of the companies are moving to Agile Process, and we are helping in this process - We work with European and American clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details