TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In this role, you will be designing and developing innovative web and mobile based software solutions for Transportation business. You will be hands on design, development and maintenance of a component, feature and/or feature set. You will be collaborating with other product & partner teams to enable product delivery & leveraging best practices and processes. Essential Responsibilities Be responsible for designing and developing web and mobile applications in a fast paced and agile development environment using latest software development technologies and infrastructure. Work with product owners and architects to understand product requirements and vision Perform application support working closely with the customer support team, to diagnose and resolve customer reported issues and anomalies. Engage in technical discussions; participate in technical designs and present technical ideas through white boarding Maintain code quality through best practices, unit testing and code quality automation Work as an individual contributor and take guidance from software technical leader. Work in an environment of developers using open source development tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript HTML5 CSS AngularJS BackboneJS EmberJS KnockoutJS Camel Drools JRules PostgreSQL Entity Framework ASP.NET MVC RESTful Web Services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Master's/Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & Electronics or Electronics and Telecommunication or Computer Science or Instrumentation or equivalent with at least 3 to 5 years of relevant experience in ASP.NET, database tools and front end technologies.Experience working as part of teams following Agile Scrum methodologyExperience developing web applications. in ASP.NET, MVC, RESTful, Web ServicesExperience with front-end technologies such as Javascript, HTML5, CSS, AngularJS,BackboneJS, EmberJS, KnockoutJSExperience with database tools (PostgreSQL, Entity Framework, other ORMs such as LLBLGenPro, NoSQL concepts)Experience with rules engines (Camel, Drools, JRules)Experience with software version management (SVN, Git or Mercurial)Strong oral and written communication skills. Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details