TITLE: Senior QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Execute on the QA product roadmap and deliver Quality deliverable. Defining test scope, test strategy, test plan with Effort estimation and participate in all levels of testing. Guiding and mentoring the QA Engineers in their day to day activities. Cross functional and stake holders interaction. Skills/Platforms Mandatory : Should have an excellent understanding and be proficient in all SDLC processes including Experience in preparation of Test strategy, Test planning, Estimation, Execution and Reporting. Hands-on with mobile app and web app testing. Hands-on knowledge of SQL and able to implement data validations. Hands-on experience with performance testing using Jmeter. Good project management, Planning, Tracking, Execution and Estimation Skills Good Knowledge on database concepts (Oracle /SQL Server etc.) Strong team player, interpersonal, writing, speaking, listening, analytical and trouble-shooting skills Good to have Skills: Preferably from a product company and should have worked on datawarehousing products. Retail analytics domain knowledge Knowledge of open source test automation tools Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Performance Testing JMeter SQL Server Effort Estimation Test Strategy Automation Testing SCOPE Test Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manthan COMPANY PROFILE Manthan serves as the Chief Analytics Officer for global consumer industries. With its portfolio of analytic products and solutions Manthan helps its customers derive competitive advantage through data-driven decisions. Manthan's solutions are architected with deep industry specificity, bringing together analytics, technology and industry-practices to place sophisticated, yet intuitive analytical capability. Headquartered in Bangalore with offices in US, UK, Singapore and Brazil, Manthan's current client footprint spans 18 countries. Manthan serves the analytics needs of Retail, CPG, Pharma and Market Research industries. Manthan is venture-funded with Norwest Venture Partners, IDG Ventures, and Fidelity Private Equity on its board. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details