TITLE: Sharepoint Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this skills and knowledge of the Microsoft SharePoint & Project Server platform. Experienced in implementing and delivering Project Server, SharePoint 2010, 2013 Solutions including supporting technologies such as Office System, InfoPath and web services. Experience with workflow to automate business processes. In depth SQL development experience in SQL. Experience of Transactional SQL (T-SQL) , DTS, SQL Reporting Service (SSRS) and SSIS packages development. Experience in fine tuning SQL queries and data replication. Development experience with (C#, VBA, VB. Net, Microsoft Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL Server) is a must. Experience & Skill Set: BE degree with 2 -Â 4 years of industry experience. Â Preferred inter-personal skills/ other capabilities: Very Good communication skills (Both verbal and written) Good customer orientation attitude. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server development ssis ssrs workflow dts replication infopath project server experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Very Good communication skills (Both verbal and written Company Profile: Siemens Limited Working at Siemens is all about curiosity, open-mindedness and inventive talent. About wanting to know more about the world we live in and finding ways to provide the world with a sustainable future. Find out more about what Siemens offers you and how to contribute your ideas and abilities on our global Jobs & Careers website. Please express interested here for national and international job opportunities. To express interest for the vacancy that matches your profile, please create an account and submit the requested information. Please keep yourself up to date about new job challenges by using the job alert in the job management section of your account. We are looking forward to receiving your information and thank you for your interest in joining our team! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details