TITLE: Oracle PaaS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work experience in Oracle Java Cloud Service or Java Cloud Service - SaaS Extension (Mandatory)Â Must have experience in Java ,J2EE,JSP and Restfull API and JAX-WX . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2Ee JSP Oracle SAAS PAAS Oracle cloud Java cloud j2ee cloud Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PwC Service Delivery Center (Bangalore) Pvt Ltd. PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) US's Advisory Bangalore Service Delivery Center (SDC) is the natural extension of PwC's leading-class global delivery capabilities. SDC Bangalore provides premium, cost effective, high quality services for projects based in the United States and global clients focused on key horizontal and vertical end-to-end solutions. Our US-owned SDCs are critical to PwC's success in the marketplace; in our business landscape a Global Delivery Model has become a competitive necessity. An essential and strategic part of Advisory's multi-sourced, multi-geography Global Delivery Model, the Bangalore SDC is a dynamic, rapidly growing component of our business and has achieved remarkable results in process quality and delivery capability, resulting in a loyal customer base and a reputation for excellence. The SDCs incorporate the Global Delivery Model in traditional offshore areas such as SAP, Oracle, and Information Management, i.e., Technology Consulting. Today, we are also focused on developing a broader portfolio with solutions for Management Consulting, Risk Consulting, Forensics as well as vertical specific solutions. At the core of our firm's philosophy is a simple construct: People matter. PwC's high-performance culture is based on a passion for excellence with a focus on diversity and inclusion. We recruit the best talent from traditional and non-traditional sources, and then provide our people with the tools-including enriching professional experiences, everyday coaching, timely and productive feedback, and high-quality learning and education opportunities-to grow as professionals throughout their careers at PwC. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details