TITLE: Developer Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Technical Engineer - Basis Consultant PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Do you demand the best from your professional career Are you inspired by high quality & excellence Then this is where you need tob e. Assembly and Software Delivery Services (ASDS) is a department inside Products and Innovation with a presence in more than 7 countries delivering world class software assembly & logistic services for the entire SAP and SAP supported development environments. ASDS is an integral part of SAP & responsible for entire build & release technology topics and provides software life cycle management services - from planning to end of maintenance. In short every byte of software has to pass through ASDS to reach our 183, 000 customers worldwide. The mission of Add-on assembly teams inside ASDS is to provide end to end release assembly, maintenance & software logistic services for all SAP products including Enhancements packs, SAP ABAP Add-ons, server SPs, custom developed projects, RDS & Best Practices packages etc. , , to ensure high quality according to SAP product and process standards, and to ensure delivery to our customers on time. More information available in Corporate Portal https:/ / portal. wdf. sap. corp/ go/ production EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Software assembly and release services delivered are focused on improving software quality by building high quality deployment units to ensure smooth implementation of software, thereby improving customers TCO You will be responsible for the assembly of ABAP add-on components, starting from the hand-over from development until creation of virtual DVDs and release in SAP service market place. You will be involved in the complete lifecycle of our products from development phase, shipment and maintenance processes You work closely together with development, quality management, release management, central infrastructure teams and validation, gaining a strong network within the organization. With a wide opportunity to collaborate worldwide complex topics require your passion for customers and people and keeps your daily business exciting Support our customers during complex situations by providing knowledge and support in the area of software logistics EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/ SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Strong analytical skills are a must, being able to structure complex problems Needs to have strong interpersonal and communication skills and has to be experience in working within teams and together with release & Q-management Ability to quickly develop and provide workarounds (internal and for SAP customers) and inspiring for new ideas Ability to identify, address and serve to customer (internal/ external) needs and requirements and persistently striving for high quality support Broad understanding for SAP solutions, products and technology Degree in Computer science or other engineering stream (65% or above) from a reputed institute Experience in SAP BASIS administration and system upgrades Programming knowledge in C/ C , ABAP or Java (Overview is sufficient) Ability to work independently and collaborate with other teams Ability to multitask, prioritize, and develop and maintain own schedules Additionally experience on following will be advantage Experience in independently handling of projects Knowledge in Release management or Software Production processes PS : The profile is not a developer profile and you are not expected to write code or make code changes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer ERP SAP Engineer Quality Manager Technology Engineering Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 2 - 3 yearsWORK LOCATION SAP Labs, BANGALORESAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/ or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team (Americas: Careers. NorthAmerica@sap. com or Careers. LatinAmerica@sap. com , APJ: Careers. APJ@sap. com , EMEA: careers@sap. com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Additional Locations:No Selectio Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details