TITLE: Full Stack Developer - Python/ Django/ PHP/ Mysql

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities As an Architect you will completely understand the product requirements, the business goals and the user experience desired; and basis this design and execute the best engineering solution that optimizes effort, time and quality. The Architect is expected to lead small, but very high performing tech teams. We look for a person who really understands lean and agile development and also sets very high benchmarks of quality. IT competes with leading edu-tech companies from across the world, many of them based in Silicon Valley. The role of the Architect is to drive excellence in the area of work that he looks at and work very closely with the CTO to ensure faster and better development cycles than competition, ensuring business advantage. What's On Offer A critical role in a growth stage start-up with a proven model. Fast, agile work environment. Quick decisions, no hierarchical bottlenecks. The challenge of building a - best in the world- product as more than 70% of Company revenue comes from outside India. Work in the domains of Education: adaptive e-learning - redefining the way the world learns E-commerce: A truly global e-commerce portal Desired Skills 1. Whether by studying or training you are experienced in web development with MySQL and PHP or Python / Django. 2. You bring experience in the development of scalable web platforms with and ideally also in the creation of Facebook applications (Graph API) 3. You have in-depth knowledge in Javascript (eg. deferred Objects, Promises, etc.), using frameworks best jQuery and angularjs. 4. The development of "Rich Web Apps" (Ajax, REST, MVC) is not new for you Likewise, you are skilled in HTML5 / CSS3, paying attention to responsiveness, mobile-first and browser compatibility and are experienced with Bootstrap and perhaps SASS / SCSS. 5. Versioning of the program code via git / github is for you no problem. 6. One can rely on you, you're independent and at the same time open to learn something new. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JQuery MySQL Javascript Python PHP Django Ajax GIT Web Development Rest Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Zyoin Leading client of Zyoin Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details