TITLE: Account Manager- Recruitment- Bangalore

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi Guys,We are looking for a Senior Recruiter for Mount Talent Consulting- Bangalore location...Mount Talent ConsultingÂ www.mountalent.com MTC Mount Talent Consulting, an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Trainings & Assessments & Consulting. MTC started operations in 2007 with a vision to set new benchmarks while delivering on niche turnkey assignments in the industry. With time we have evolved to cater to a diverse set of clients spread across different geographies. We constantly strive to maximize our client's ROI (Return on Investment) and work on increasing the top line (Revenue) of the client's business by delivering the best. MTC has reached out to an array of clients with functions such as Recruitments, Consulting & Knowledge Services through its team of young & dynamic professionals. Employees Strength: 300+ Geographies: India, Middle East, USA Location - Delhi/NCR Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills IT Recruitment Account Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mount Talent consulting Senior Consultant www.mountalent.com MTC Mount Talent Consulting, an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Trainings & Assessments & Consulting. MTC started operations in 2007 with a vision to set new benchmarks while delivering on niche turnkey assignments in the industry. With time we have evolved to cater to a diverse set of clients spread across different geographies. We constantly strive to maximize our client's ROI (Return on Investment) and work on increasing the top line (Revenue) of the client's business by delivering the best. MTC has reached out to an array of clients with functions such as Recruitments, Consulting & Knowledge Services through its team of young & dynamic professionals. Employees Strength: 300+ Geographies: India, Middle East, USA Location - Delhi/NCR Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details