TITLE: Immediate Openings - Java SE, .net, iOS & Android App Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for Java Software Engineers / Developers, iOS & Android Mobile Application developers & .NET Developers for an Enterprise Mobility Company in Bangalore. Please find below the respective JD's below . A. Java Software Engineer / Developer - Job Description Looking for a Software Engineer with excellent programming skills.The candidate will design and develop web-based applications based on business requirements. The candidate should be able to design and implement web-based interfaces and their supporting business and persistence tiers. Also the candidate must be able to extend and improve our GUI framework. The candidate will work on a development environment with emphasis on a continuous integration process, unit testing peer reviews. Job Requirements 1. 2 to 4 years experience with Java for various positions. 2. Must be a team player 3. The candidate must be well versed in the follow technologies Java language and key concepts like generic, collection and threading OOP JDBC Oracle/SQL Server JSP, Servlet, Struts, Hibernate HTML(CSS Concepts) JavaScript Weblogic, WebSphere, Tomcat Development Tools Netbeans, Eclipse Basic developer test case creation Job Responsibilities 1. Design and implementation of new web interfaces for reporting, data management and data processing 2. Design & implementation of business and persistence tiers B. .NET Developer Looking for a Software Engineer with excellent programming skills.The candidate will design and develop web-based applications based on business requirements. Primary Responsibilities Utilize development tools, guidelines and conventions including but not limited to Visual Studio, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Oracle, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and C# / VB.NET Design, code and test web applications and web-services Maintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects Create technical specifications and test plans Create new and extend existing technical / operational documentation Consult colleagues concerning maintenance and performance of software systems Skill Requirements Candidates should have 2 - 3 years of experience in a professional capacity. ASP.NET SQL Server Oracle HTML CSS JavaScript C# / VB.NET Experience in SharePoint and MVC architecture are a plus. C. Android Application Developers Looking for a Software Engineer with excellent programming skills Android App development. The candidate will design and develop applications based on business requirements. Desired Skills - 1.2 to 3 years experience of Android App Development 2.Good practical experience with Android native app development on Android 2.3 to 4.4 3.Experience with SQL Lite and other databases 4.Proven problem solving skills 5.Experience in Java essential 6.Must be a team player 7.Have published at least one original Android app 8.Experience with Android SDK 9.Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON 10.Experience with third-party libraries and APIs 11.Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies 12.Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Responsibilities Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Work with outside data sources and API's Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. The candidate should have published atleast one mobile app and available at the appstore D. iOS Application Developers Looking for a Software Engineer with excellent programming skills iOS App development. The candidate will design and develop applications based on business requirements. The candidate should be able to design & develop iphone/iPad app Skills Required - Strong Experience in Developing Mobile Applications for Iphone/ipad Using Iphone Sdk. Experience in Design and Development on Mac OS using Objective C, Cocoa, Ant and Tools like Xcode technologies. Experience with Relational Databases using Sql Server and Sqlite. Working Knowledge of Phonegap/Cordova is a definite plus Experience in Developing Reusable Apps & in Standard and commonly used Iphone Sdk Framework. Knowledge of Apple Iphone Application Guidelines and Compliance Requirements. Should have Experience on Building and Deploying Ios Platform Applications Adhoc as well as App store Version. Should have at least one App submitted & available at the App Store Responsibilities Design and build advanced applications for the Apple iOS platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Work with outside data sources and API's Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Candidates from Bangalore are requested to apply. You can also send your resumes to zingconsultants@gmail.com Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java .Net C# Java Developer Application Developer Asp .Net J2EE Javascript COCOA Swift .Net Developer Hibernate J2Ee Spring c#.net developer iOS iphone Developer Software Engineer REST JSON Android iphone Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zing Consultants Consultants for Software Development & Services industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details