TITLE: Technical Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IBMi Development resource BLR We're looking for an experienced IBMi development resource on a full time base, with the qualifications as described in the "Comments on Experience & Skills" field. Infrastructure Management IBMi with the following properties: - IBMi experience & knowledge minimum 5 years in a production/operational environment work management security concepts - Development skills profound knowledge and minimum 3 years experience in ILE RPG & CL knowledge on the base concepts of ILE (proc/mod/ . . .) knowledge of RDP (Rational Developer GUI) knowledge of DB design & SQL - Language requirements Fluency in English, spoken and in writing Office tools knowledge (word/xls/ppt/ . . .) - Qualities team player following Volvo IT guidelines and rules problem solver stress resistant motivated - Asset SOE knowledge Turnover knowledge or similar development tool Web related tools IBMi access tools - Degree : Master or equivalent by experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Quality tech lead java SQL consultant software analyst technical Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details