TITLE: Engineer Digital

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOIN US AS AN ENGINEER DIGITAL About this Opportunity The Target Technology Services (TTS) team designs and creates innovative solutions for a variety of applications, platforms and environments. TTS not only gives Target a competitive advantage in the marketplace, but also enhances the guest experience through the smart use of technology in the retail industry Use your skills, experience and talents to be a part of groundbreaking thinking and visionary goals. As a n Engineer Digital , you'll take the lead as you Provides technical expertise to the project team. This includes the recommendation of solution alternatives and the identification of risks. Providing progress reporting to the team lead and Project Manager/ Lead during the project lifecycle Schedules and facilitates solution walkthroughs. Serves as a subject matter expert within the team Works on continuous improvement projects within the team and mentors software engineers as appropriate Follow software quality process and methodology standards, including those for design, data quality, code, version control, defect/ change request tracking, documentation, work product review, unit testing and environment management. Reviewing requirements and functional specifications and providing feedback to the project team. Includes participation/ input to the requirements process. Delivering detailed design in accordance with design documentation and ensuring that it undergoes design review by the development team. Working with the test team throughout the project life cycle to enable their testing efforts Working with the technical lead and release services to migrate code and data to production and pre production environments and working with them to execute release activities Other duties and projects as assigned. Requirements Engineering degree in any stream SDLC proficiency Has at least 4 years of prior experience Strong technical aptitude Demonstrates leadership skills Good verbal, written and presentation skills Functions as an effective member of a team by modeling teamwork and team effectiveness Ability to learn new skills and technologies Effectively organizes and executes a demanding workload Understands the implication work assignments have on one portion of a project Benefits Eligible team members will receive market competitive package including competitive pay, health, accidental and life insurance coverage, gratuity and provident fund, training and development and other perks and benefits. Target is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and is a drug-free workplace. About Target Expect the Best. At Target, we have a vision: to become the best - the best culture and brand, the best place for growth and the company with the best reputation. We offer an inclusive, collaborative and energetic work environment that rewards those who perform. We deliver engaging, innovative and on-trend experiences for our team members and our guests. We invest in our team members' futures by developing leaders and providing a breadth of opportunities for professional development. It takes the best to become the best, and we are committed to building a team that does the right thing for our guests, shareholders, team members and communities. Minneapolis-based Target Corporation serves guests at stores nationwide and at Target. com. Target is committed to providing a fun and convenient shopping experience with access to unique and highly differentiated products at affordable prices. Since 1946, the corporation has given 5 percent of its income through community grants and programs like Take Charge of Education . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills modeling development stores documentation design review team standards target project skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd http://www.target.com/india Target is one of the largest retailers in US with annual revenue of $73 billion. It is an omni-channel retailer with 1800 retail stores, rapidly growing e-commerce and mobile channels. Target India is delivering business critical technology programs and solutions across all the channels. Target is looking to hire the best technical talent to execute the complex business solutions. We provide the right environment to work on challenging problems and executing ideas & innovations into real time business solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details