TITLE: Performance Consultant (B2B Sales) with a Global Leader in Training

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Client is a multi-national company in the area of learning and development of employees. For five decades our client has partnered with organizations around the world to consult, assess, design, develop, deliver, reinforce, and sustain learning solutions. The client is globally rated in the top 10 training companies, especially in sales training. The company is headquartered in the US and has invested heavily in their inhouse research and development team that creates highly effective training interventions for a variety of needs. Job Profile : - The candidate will be required to acquire clients and present the value proposition of the company. You must be able to understand and analyse the client needs and should be able to create a bespoke proposal therein. - Lead generation, networking, reaching out to decision makers in target companies - Presenting a professional image of the company and its value proposition - Understanding the client needs and offering solutions based on value addition rather than on features - Creating a customized proposal based on a deep understanding of the client pain areas. - Collecting client feedback, ensuring proper service delivery - Maintaining a long term relation with the client for repeat business Please Note : This is an individual contributor role and not a team handling role. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Solutions Key Account Management Business Development Institutional Sales Corporate Sales Hr Consulting Client Acquisition Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Ideal Candidate :- Should have good knowledge of corporate world HR practices and process.- Should be self-driven, result oriented, and committed.- Should have excellent communication skills, good writing skills, and an ability to grasp things quickly. - You should be able to multi-task efficiently and be comfortable working in a start-up environment.- Should be a Graduate. MBA/PGDBM will be an added advantage. Company Profile: Unnati Global Player in Training and Development Our Client is a multi-national company in the area of learning and development of employees. For five decades our client has partnered with organizations around the world to consult, assess, design, develop, deliver, reinforce, and sustain learning solutions. The client is globally rated in the top 10 training companies, especially in sales training. The company is headquartered in the US and has invested heavily in their inhouse research and development team that creates highly effective training interventions for a variety of needs. Their solutions are delivered through a worldwide network of talented people. Trained and certified to deliver globally consistent quality, their facilitators and consultants apply business experience, market wisdom and cultural awareness to all that they do. As a result, learning, application and change become easy and clients experience expected results as a reliable part of the value proposition. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details