TITLE: Big Data Hadoop Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from DynPro India Pvt Ltd. Its regarding opportunity for the Big Data Hadoop Developer opening with Dynpro for a huge client__Across India About Dynpro: Established in 1996, DynPro, Inc. was formed by a management team with unrivalled experience in IT recruitment, E-Commerce Project Deployment and SAP consulting background. DynPro's world headquarters is located in Durham, North Carolina near the famous Research Triangle Park area and has offices in UK, Sweden and Australia. DynPro, India is based in Bangalore with offices in New Delhi, Pune and Kolkata and is a leading vendor for IBM for their staffing programs. We have over 700 consultants working for us across the country with clients like IBM, Wipro, L&T Infotech, KPIT Cummins, etc. You can learn more about us through our websites at http://www.dynproindia.com. Years of experience: 3-6 Years Job Title: Big Data Hadoop Developer. Job Type: Contract To Hire Job Description: We are looking for Big Data Hadoop Developer with experience in JAVA and Big Data technologies. Mandatory skills are below mentioned : 1. 3+ years hands on Java EE development experience including Java, Design Patterns, Hibernate or any other 2. ORM tool, Spring IoC, Spring JDBC Template, JUnit , REST / SOAP Service implementation, including a high knowledge level of Oracle and Linux. 3. 3+ year of hands on experience in Big data development including Hadoop, Spark, Scala, Flume, Pig 4. Strong in OOPs concepts 5. Experience in Web services, ANT, Maven 6. Key technology experience in areas such as Java,J2EE,Scala, Python, Hadoop and Spark 7. Hands on experience on Cloudera or Horton works to manage the cluster & client components at Cloudera manager. Notice Period: 10-15 Days Only(High priority will be given to Immediate Joiners) If interested Kindly share us your updated profile to with the following details:- Full Name ( According to Pan Card ): Total years of experience: Relevant years of experience: Payroll Company Name: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Date of Birth: PAN number: Passport Number: Date of Expiry: Highest Qualification: Pass out year: Contact number: Alternate contact number: Reason for job change: Interested in DynPro payroll ( Yes / No) : Ready to Attend interview on weekdays: ( Yes / No): Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Hadoop Developer Hadoop mapreduce pig hbase hive spark hdfs Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: dynproindia About Dynpro: Established in 1996, DynPro, Inc. was formed by a management team with unrivalled experience in IT recruitment, E-Commerce Project Deployment and SAP consulting background. DynPro's world headquarters is located in Durham, North Carolina near the famous Research Triangle Park area and has offices in UK, Sweden and Australia. DynPro, India is based in Bangalore with offices in New Delhi, Pune and Kolkata and is a leading vendor for IBM for their staffing programs. We have over 700 consultants working for us across the country with clients like IBM, Wipro, L&T Infotech, KPIT Cummins, etc. You can learn more about us through our websites at http://www.dynproindia.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details