TITLE: Geosigns Services Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The TLS GeoSigns is accountable for ensuring the GeoSigns Application Landscapes remain stable, reliable, updated and perform as needed by the Exploration user community globally. They do this by ensuring ITIL processes are embedded throughout and by delivering high quality process and technical solutions where required. In addition the service team will regularly provide 2 nd level technical support as well as taking a technical lead role in upgrade, deploy and improvement projects globally when related to BPA (Basin Play Analysis) , nDI (Seismic Interpretation) and GEMS (Hydrocarbon Volumetric) . To achieve this in the highly visible, demanding and progressive world of GeoSigns the team actively embrace and drive collaborative activities, embrace and implement emerging methodologies and ways of working (DevOps, Continuous Delivery) , actively seek improvement opportunities in terms of process and technology and ensure that the core scope of the team is delivered in a clinical and highly efficient manner to create a solid foundation upon which the team operates. Team activities include daily operational and technical support of the above Landscapes to include: Incident, problem and situation management performance analysis and remediation, End-to-end monitoring of the Application Landscapes Deployment of applications using the continuous delivery approach Technical Project Lead activities for a variety of fast moving projects Process Improvement and implementation. In addition the role will require the individual to actively and visibly seek out opportunities to improve and refine how we operate, work and ultimately deliver value to our end users. *Key accountabilities include: High Quality operational delivery in line with agreed SLAs and business requirements covering both service and technical activities Identifying and delivering improvements to the Infrastructure and applications landscapes with clear business value Close collaboration with the TaCIT GeoSigns Application teams at all times to ensure the life cycle of development through to operations is continuous - DevOps End-to-end monitoring, issues identification and remediation of all applications and Infrastructure within the GeoSigns Landscapes Ensure business SLAs and KPIs are routinely met as defined in the EI SLAs remediate where breached Drive and own global GeoSigns RM&D activities to ensure timely delivery of new deployments, security patches and application upgrades Maintain High Asset Data Quality within the Shell Configuration systems for all Assets related to the GeoSigns landscape Contribute and at times lead GeoSigns project delivery on behalf of TaCIT and TLS Maintain highest level of Service Integration and collaboration with 3rdparty service providers ATT, HP, TSI Represent the GeoSigns service team in all aspects of the service delivery scope to users, stakeholders and support teams Focal point for Service and Transition Management Activities when On boarding new applications or project deliverables *Key challenges include: The Shell GeoSigns portfolio is highly technical and comprises of nDI (Seismic Interpretation) , BPA (Basin Modelling) and GEMS (HC Volumetric/ reporting) . Each service has a global user base with differing levels of Landscape complexities covering Oracle, VWS, Linux, Vista and Storage. Managing services under these conditions require specialized tools, skills and knowledge. Shell GeoSigns customers, development teams and stakeholders are widely distributed around the globe. This requires excellent communications skills. The GeoSigns team is relatively small with accountability for a highly visible application set. In addition these applications are driven by highly competitive and progressive application teams. We need to ensure the users and development teams requirements are met without introducing risks to production environments. The GeoSigns (specifically nDI) application suite is relatively new and pushes technologies, their use and associated ways of working. In addition usage is rapidly growing. Together these introduce additional risks and challenges which require quick thinking and understanding of how to remediate the immediate impact and the longer term potential impact. Understanding the IT infrastructure, Shell IT and Business Support Models including partnerships Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills operations service development rm technical support tools windows oracle information technology assets Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The GeoSigns Services Engineer should have a minimum of a Bachelors degree in Information Technology or (or related discipline) from a recognized educational institute Strong relationship with the Oil and Gas industry. A good understanding of the Sub-surface domain is required. Technically excellent with a good understanding of Windows/ Linux applications, storage, DCLAN/ WAN, oracle systems and networks including associated trouble shooting methodologies Strong understanding of the ITIL service processes and tools with the ability to think from both the customer and service viewpoint Strong communication skills in English spoken and written. Is able to communicate technical analysis to stakeholders and updates within the team alike. Customer focused and pro-active attitude; enjoy customer facing, taking end-to-end responsibility. Be able to work with various specialized multinational support teams to bring complex requests or problems to timely resolution. Highly motivated with good organization, communication, and team working skills. Demonstrates ability to handle many tasks concurrently including negotiation skills available to work through conflicting deadlines to reach agreement with clients in an amenable manner. Knowledge of IT Project Management and service on boarding principles is desired. Ability to share knowledge and experiences, willingness to adopt the ideas of others, while keeping abreast of new developments, recognizing technology gaps and knowing what the competition is doing Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details