TITLE: Global Industry Value Engineering Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Global Industry Value Engineering Manager PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES SAP is focused on enabling digital transformation across the end-to-end value chain for our customers. Industry Value Engineering (IVE) is dedicated to working with customers to align their digital vision with their business strategy and ultimately supporting the plan to get there. IVE is a global, 400 -strong Strategic Sales Consulting team, with a mix of people having in-depth industry expertise, solution knowledge, management consulting background and product software understanding with the objective of driving SAPs license sales. Collaborating with prospects senior business executives, VE delivers business cases which link the companys strategic goals, business process challenges, industry trends and best practices with peers / industry leaders to crystallize the SAP value proposition as it relates to digital transformation. The result is an increased win rate in deals, bigger deal sizes and shortened sales cycles. The Global-IVE India team, launched in January 2006 and primarily based in Gurgaon, is an extension of the IVE team across the globe. The 12 member India team consists of talented MBA professionals from premier educational and work backgrounds, having strong business advisory skills and the ability to be the thought engine for SAP sales. Organizationally, the IVE India Team is within the Content and Thought leadership function of the Chief Transformation Office. The G-IVE teams major focus areas includes business value content, benchmarking programs, and thought leadership aligned with digital business whether its through re-imagining business models, business processes or how companies work in this new digital age. The position description is for the G-IVE India Team Program manager Additional details are found below: EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/ SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Masters Degree or MBA Required 12-15 years industry and/or management consulting experience, preferably at least 5 years in enterprise software. Strong attention to detail; focus on quality Familiarity with SAP solutions and alignment of business strategy and IT portfolio Experience with offshore / outsource models Understanding dynamics, KPIs and value chains within multiple industries Understands value proposition of leveraging technology to enable digital business Demonstrated track record of managing teams Ability to adapt to standard approaches Hands-on leader with strong coaching, mentoring and delegation skills and ability to work effectively in virtual teams Passionate about continuous learning EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS The Program Manager would play a key role in evangelizing and driving the success of the India Global IVE Team under the direction of the Chief Transformation Office. Lead an off-shoring operation in India supporting the Chief Transformation Office Manage India teams delivery of high quality thought leadership, value content and benchmarking as well as general market, industry, and line of business research related to SAPs customers and prospective customers Be responsible for building communities of practice across industries and lines of business Define and evolve ongoing workflows between G-IVE team, CTO, and field IVE teams to provide optimal level of support while maintaining high quality output Manage operational action plans, establish work priorities, process structures, cost and quality goals Ensure best practice sharing, knowledge management and continuous productivity improvement Work closely with global program teams to drive enablement & new capability build across customer value programs Implement management dashboard to cover analytics associated with G-IVE India Team delivery and team members Recruit, train, motivate and retain the G-IVE India team Influence global & local leadership, work with people and drive towards common solutions and issue resolutions If this sounds like where you want to be, then we want to hear from you as soon as possible Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills ERP Consulting Engineer Management Consulting Manager Technology Engineering Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details