TITLE: GID - Operate L3 Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) is the technology infrastructure organization for the firm, delivering a wide range of products and services, and partnering with all lines of business to provide high quality service delivery, exceptional project execution and financially disciplined approaches and processes in the most cost effective manner. The objective of GTI is to balance both business alignment and the centralized delivery of core products and services. GTI is designed to address the unique infrastructure needs of specific lines of business and the demand to leverage economies of scale across the firm. GTI-Infrastructure Development (GID) is focused on developing and delivering services that integrate software solutions with infrastructure in innovative, cost effective and efficient ways. The GID team provides services for use by business-aligned application delivery organizations, across all layers of the software stack, which may include application interface services, productivity and collaboration tools, and data integration solutions. Job Description: The scope of this role is to perform day-to-day support tasks, as well as third level support to GID applications (corporate used applications that service the technology organization) . This is a demanding role, as the candidate must be capable of leading technical bridges and possess clear, assertive communication skills. The ideal candidate should have Advanced UNIX Skills and Wintel power-user or System Admin skills, very strong scripting skills, and should also have served in a production support capacity. Advanced trouble shooting skills are a must, and knowledge of monitoring and alerting mechanisms are an asset. Familiarity with configuration/ release management and the ability to recommend 'best practices' are also a plus. Responsibilities: They will work closely and partner DBA teams as well as our Application Resiliency team in order to maintain appropriate service levels, manage incidents, develop solutions for improvement, and driving root cause analysis for resolving high impact issues. Drive continuous improvement across the GID Operate landscape. Focus on ticket reduction, application stability, and automation of manual processes. Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of ongoing problems, projects and outstanding tasks. Writing scripts to automate the provisioning, monitoring and maintenance of systems in a distributed, enterprise environment. Working closely with engineering and Dev teams to identify automation opportunities and solutions to currently manual work practices. Exploring new technologies to optimize the delivery and reliability of automation. Interfacing with internal customers, inputting into technical solutions, advising on best practice and validating new implementations. Developing and promoting standard operating procedures and creating processes and tooling for operation efficiency. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills operations financial services relationship management automation tools investment banking assets asset management co monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications 7 years of professional experience in production systems support 5 years Linux or Windows Application or support experience 5 years ApacheTomcat or IIS administration 3 years Administering, Configuring and Supporting Nagios 3 years Administering, configuring and supporting Splunk 5 years of Unix Shell Scripts (Boure shell, Korn shell) or Wintel scripting (VBScript or PowerShell) 3-5 years supporting an Agile development environment Experience with CI and CD tools such as Jenkins, Travis, SCCM, SCOM etc. Experience with devops tools, processes and culture Experience working in an agile development environment. Strong UnixWindows Administration Experience 3 years SQL, Oracle or MS SQL specific experience a plus Ability to define project plans, timelines, and key project milestones Solid knowledge of technical architecture/ infrastructure Strong troubleshooting skills required Flexible work hours to cover follow the sun model (7PM EST 7AM EST) Preferred Skills: Knowledge of TCP/ IP and networks in general beneficial Highly motivated, disciplined, self-starter with high energy Takes the initiative and a strong desire to succeed Goal orientated and thrives under pressure Proactively and courageously seeks challenges Excellent communication skills, written, verbal and non-verbal Strong relationship management & influencing skills (emotional intelligence) Pragmatic, creative, forward thinker with sound logic and reasoning Able to work and deliver within a distributed team environment Flexible, able to pick up new tasks, concepts and tools easily Requires a logical approach to problem solving and a strong sense of urgency Weekend and Late night work will be required on occasion Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details