TITLE: Senior Sales Manager in a Leading Real Estate Company

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Sales Manager for a Leading Real Estate Company Job Description : Job Title : Sr Sales Manager for a leading real estate company Location : Bangalore Salary Plus Steep incentive structure Key Responsibilities : - Managing a team of sales management professionals. - Directly accountable for the delivery of the sales objectives for the group. - Should assess and review business approach, devise and implement target based sales strategy and monitor sales performance - Keeping abreast of product details, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through network and research. - Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information. - Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. - Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, and guidance; - Meet prospective clients and explain the details of the project to them. - Ensuring a high success rate in converting the clients in to customers. - Responsible to acquire large Corporate and HNI clients to invest in our real estate products. - Responsible for networking with major industry players, identifying the corporate clients - Responsible for business development activity & Achieve targets as per the business plan. - Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets - Representing their company at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations - Creating detailed proposal documents, often as part of a formal bidding process which is largely dictated by the prospective customer - Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Strategy Business Development Sales Management HNI Client Handling Target Achievement Business Planning Bidding Advertising Real Estate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Requirements :- The ideal candidate will be a graduate having excellent communication and inter-personal skills, a good negotiator and a strong leader leading the sales team to achieve stretch targets - Proven track record in a sales environment - Computer literate and experience in database navigation - Ability to write detailed follow up notes for business reporting - Confident, self motivated and incentive driven - Friendly personality and team player- Ability to adapt quickly to new trends and new markets - Preferred to be from background of Real Estate Company Profile: GLOOB INTERIOR DESIGN PVT. LTD. Indiqube With well-appointed super-smart business spaces available in flexible options starting as low as 4000q-ft, Inidiqube is a revolutionary concept which helps emerging knowledge economy corporations compete more effectively in the war for talent. We enable this through modern plug-n-play facilities, employee amenities and partnered spaces. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details