TITLE: GID - Operate L2 Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) is the technology infrastructure organization for the firm, delivering a wide range of products and services, and partnering with all lines of business to provide high quality service delivery, exceptional project execution and financially disciplined approaches and processes in the most cost effective manner. The objective of GTI is to balance both business alignment and the centralized delivery of core products and services. GTI is designed to address the unique infrastructure needs of specific lines of business and the demand to leverage economies of scale across the firm. GTI-Infrastructure Development (GID) is focused on developing and delivering services that integrate software solutions with infrastructure in innovative, cost effective and efficient ways. The GID team provides services for use by business-aligned application delivery organizations, across all layers of the software stack, which may include application interface services, productivity and collaboration tools, and data integration solutions. GID Operate is currently seeking an Application Operations Specialist to be responsible for end to end knowledge of our application portfolio, specifically responsible for the completion of requests from the banks request system called EURC . Task and detail oriented person to complete complex updates to our suite of supported applications, drive efficiencies, recommend enhancements and most of all support our clients with urgency, professionalism and respect . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills project management l2 asic co operations investment banking asset management financial services data integration tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Minimum of 2 years experience supporting Level 2 applications and/ or supporting complex application requests. Basic project management such that one can lead the execution for any owned tasks, milestones, or projects. Excellent English speaking and writing skills. Excellent verbal communication skills across multiple levels of the organization from engineers, users, and different managers. The ability to work well at multiple levels of the organization. Excellent written communication skills to assure email clarity and professionalism with users and team members Team-based problem solving skills. The ability to work with additional support resources to solve a problem or drive a needed improvement Good listening skills, in order to continually improve an application based on interactions with x-impacted teams and users. The ability to professionally and efficiently address issues as they arise Detail Oriented Excellent time management skills. The ability to challenge other functional staff around service, and drive calls to resolution during incidents Ambition, energy and enthusiasm will be a key trait to any individual's success in this role. Qualified candidate must be able to work a flexible shift or comparable shift, with possibility of shift change based on competency and accuracy in job performance. HIGHLY DESIRED: Needs b asic knowledge of computer applications and hardware with the ability to learn computer basics. Great customer service skills. Individual will work with customers who have entered requests into system but need further assistance. Individual must be able to provide answers in a timely manner. Excellent written and oral communication skills to clearly and concisely ask and answer pertinent questions. Task and detail oriented individual able to work on repetitive tasks following step by step processes. Able to work independently while contributing to team performance and goals. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details