TITLE: Senior Engineering Manager - Backend/ Mobile

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities for (Snr) Engineering Manager - (Generic) 1. Technical Guidance: You will provide technical leadership to a team of excellent software engineers; this requires that you have the technical depth to make complex design decisions and the hands-on ability to lead by example. 2. Execution and Delivery: You will be expected to instill and follow good software development practices and ensure timely delivery of high-quality products. You should be familiar with agile practices as well as be able to adapt these to the needs of the business, with a constant focus on product quality. 3. Team management: You will be responsible for hiring and mentoring your team; helping individuals grow in their careers, having constant dialogue about their aspirations and sharing prompt, clear and actionable feedback about performance. SKILLS / EXPERIENCE IMPORTANT NOTE: Pls note that this set of requirements is an indicative list. If you are passionate about technology, coding and people, are entrepreneurial and ambitious and firmly believe you can make a strong impact @Myntra reaching millions of Indians, we encourage you to apply! Draw attention to your exploits at Hackathons, open source contributions, your tech blogs, your projects (which we can play around with), your patents and publications! Talk to us about building mobile apps with lakhs of downloads, high QPS, Peta Bytes of data, msec response time, multiple 9 reliability! - Total of 10+ years- experience, Experience level of 7+ years of experience in large scale applications and 3 + years- experience in people management - A - Bring It On- attitude; bias for action; self-driven, end-to-end ownership; entrepreneurial approach; focus on operational excellence; ability to work with ambiguity - An inspirational manager and leader who raises the bar continuously; is hands-on and in the trenches with the team; leads by example - Strong in problem solving skills, data structures and algorithms - Experience with distributed systems handling large amount of data - Experience with agile methodologies - Very good understanding of one or more of RDBMS/NoSQL/Messaging/Caching technologies - Excellent understanding of and coding skills in one or more of the following technologies: Development: - Java/Python/Javascript/NodeJS (Strongly preferred); C++/C#/Erlang/Scala/PHP et al - Analytics: open source tech ecosystem, Redshift, Pentaho, R, Hadoop et al - Mobile Apps: Android/iOS 1) DevOps: Linux, MySQL, NoSQL, Networking, Storage, Monitoring, Load Balancers, Caching, 2) Testing, Build and Release: Automation - UI, Mobile Apps, Services, CI/CD Requirements 1. Technical depth You have the strong technical competence required to gain credibility. Ability to architect, design and code yourself. Technical experience in building and operating Internet applications. Deep understanding of all layers of the web-stack work (from the client interface to the database. ) Knowledge of multiple technology stacks/languages/tools and their pros/cons. 2. Execution ability Focus on delivering products in a timely manner with high quality. Familiarity with multiple software development practices and tools, and the proven ability to adapt, champion and institute good practices and tools. 3. You must have a degree in Computer Science or related field. Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, concurrency and fundamentals of computer-science. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills Java PHP Javascript MySQL C++ NoSQL Python Data Structures Algorithms Open Source Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Human Capital Solutions Leading client of Human Capital Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details