TITLE: Opening for Datacom Test Architect / Sr. Architect@ Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opening for Datacom Test Architect / Sr. Architect@ Bangalore Exp:8 to 16yrs Interview location: Anywhere Work location : Bangalore Job Description: Professional Skills / Academic Qualifications: B.E in electronics and Telecommunication with 5 - 16 yrs. experience as a Senior Engineer/Architect. Cisco Routing and Switching (enterprise): ISR 3900, 6500, 7600, ASR9K and nexus series, Cisco UCM, SRST, Cisco Prime Network Management, Cisco IP Phones, Cisco Telepresence MCU 4510 & 5310, QoS, Multi-cast, load balancing/DNS. Experience with technical product evaluation, new product certification, strong written skills for architecture documentation, has performed significant design work for data center and enterprise networks. Hands-on experience on configuring Cisco family of network devices. Should be up to date with the best practices and implement the same as appropriate. An ability to perform duties and responsibilities even when under tremendous pressure is required. Working understanding of the technical aspects of implementing and operating VoIP systems is preferred. Hands-on experience with data cabling installation practices as well as fiber and copper materials is strongly preferred. Hands-on experience in customer service and network services. Knowledge of IP Network-Security, Good knowledge on firewalls, Intrusion Detection (IDS), Vulnerability and penetration testing and threat mitigation. Exposure to Virtualization domain Familiar with Hypervisors like VMware, KVM. Worked on SDN controllers, OpenVswitch, OF Protocols like Openflow-1.2, 1.3 specifications Cisco Certifications in Data and Voice Domains CCNA, CCNP or CCIE Responsibilities of Test Architect. Responsible for design, implementation and support of all data and voice related network technologies. Advise on the future direction and growth of network. Identifying, testing, developing and implementation of new technologies in Data/Voice and Security domains Provide technical direction and support to System Test Team. Completing projects and tasks independently and with limited supervision. Interested candidates send me your updated resume to chowdaiah.r@abcconsultants.in without changing subject line below mentioned details Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Ccie CCNA Networking CCNP Routing Switching Electronics QOS Cisco System Testing datacom Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd TOP MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details