TITLE: Developer - Html5 / Javascript

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Within the Cloud for Customers business unit, the UI Development team plays a crucial role to deliver an Innovative and stable UI technical foundation for our Cloud Solutions for Customer, Travel and Business By Design solutions. The team acts as a trusted advisor to our internal customers ensuring that our end-customer get the most innovative and usable solutions with world-class UI capabilities. The team works with stakeholders globally, across time zones, geographies and cultures. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS As a Developer/Senior Developer in the UI team you will work with a highly motivated and talented set of colleagues. You will: Be a motivated, self-starter who can operate with minimal handholding Understand customer requirements and translate it to features in the product Develop and Deliver Features and Innovations in the UI and Technical layer with highest Quality. Support the SAP Cloud solutions in using the UI framework through consulting, enhancements and issue resolution. Work on projects across organizations, hierarchy levels and cultures. In your topic, be the expert and face to the customer, the Cloud Product organizations and other Stakeholder organizations. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES BE/BTECH/MCA or equivalent degree Quick in exploring new areas and willingness to work on various technologies Willingness to develop UI and Analytics frameworks and technical components. High customer focus and ability to analyze and provide prompt solutions to customer issues Strong collaboration skills and work well in a cross-cultural teams and across geographies Strong communication skills with ability to articulate complex information clearly and effectively Fluent written and spoken English Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer ERP SAP Consulting Cloud Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 2-5 years of experience with strong skills in HTML5 / JavaScript, JQuery. ABAP knowledge is beneficial.UI knowledge is preferred, hands on in implementation.Strong in Object Oriented ConceptsVery good analytical skills with an ability to handle complexitySAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.Additional Locations:No Selection Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details