TITLE: JAVA /python NMS Developer 5+yrs

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Expertise: Experience in design and development of Network Management System/Solution based applications pertaining to Data Center or Carrier Ethernet/Internet Service Provider community Good understanding of NMS operations Knowledge of Layer 2/Layer 3, IP and routing protocols. Good problem solving skills Able to work effectively with a wide range of engineering professionals and successfully build productive relationships. Mandatory Skills: Expertise in Java,Python, Web Programming Experience in developing NMS system Working knowledge of Jenkins, Gerrit, Maven Networking technologies: IP, Ethernet, MPLS. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Python java NMS EMS FCAPS Network management system Java and nms Element management Network management Element management system QMS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Experience: -4 - 10 years Company Profile: Alten Calsoft Labs India Pvt Ltd Calsoft Labs provides specialized concept to market Product Engineering and embedded design and engineering services both established and early stage product and technology companies in select market segments 2013 ISVs, New Media Companies, Networking and Datacom OEMs, computer hardware manufacturers, semiconductor companies and consumer electronics companies. Calsoft Labs helps accelerate the development of software products and reduce time to market through its proven processes, methodologies, and tools. Our full lifecycle services include product development, testing and QA, sustenance, embedded engineering services, and embedded systems design. Experienced engineers with deep expertise in leading edge technologies help improve the quality and reliability of the products we own for our customers. We have helped several Fortune 500 and early stage companies ship some of the most widely used software products in the world, on time and within budget. We do Product Engineering only, not Product Engineering also. Corporate Overview Calsoft Labs is a wholly owned subsidiary of ALTEN. Set up in 1988, ALTEN is a European leader in Technology Consulting and Engineering (TCE) and has about 12,600 employees in 12 countries worldwide.ALTEN's market covers the full range of consulting services, technical assistance, performance of fixed price projects and outsourced platforms in the field of Technology Consulting and Engineering (TCE) as well as Information Systems and Networks. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details