TITLE: Immediate Openings for Sap-fico with Quinnox (US Based)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is Shirisha from Quinnox an IT solutions and services provider headquartered in Naperville, USA with offices in the UK, Germany, France and India. Quinnox has over 1000 employees globally and is ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 27001:2005 certified as well as CMMI SVC V.1.2 Level 3 appraised IT solutions and services provider in areas of Cloud Solutions and Mobility Solutions and Application Management Services, Customer Relationship Management, Enterprise Application Integration, E Solutions and Testing to customers in following industry verticals : Financial Services, Manufacturing and Services, Retail and Distribution. Work at Quinnox: At Quinnox we have the combination of an open culture, flexible management style and clearly defined career advancement paths which are designed to bring out the best in every Quinnox employee not just as professionals but also as individuals. Job Description: Â Should have technically hands on experience on SAP FI Â 1. Minimum 6 years of experience with 2 SAP full implementation projects 2. Well versed in Accounting Payable, Accounting Receivable, General Ledger and Asset Accounting Sub modules 3. Working experience in New GL, Banking and Internal Orders 4. Knowledge in integration with T&E module and EDI interfaces 5. Experience and knowledge in integration points with SD, and MM modules Â Should have Hands on experience. Â Should have client interaction Â Skills: SAPÂ FICO Â Should be an team player Â Excellent communication skills Â Type : Permanent Â Exp:-5-12 years Location: MumbaiÂ Â Â Preferably should be able to join within 15 days duration Â Send me your updated resume to Email:shirishab@quinnox.com Â Notice period: Preferably should be able to join within 1 month duration Shirisha Associate Manager Cell:09972115430 Email: shirishab@quinnox.com www.quinnox.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Keyskills SAP FICO Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required SAP FICO Consultant who can join within 1 Month duration Preferred. Â Company Profile: Quinnox Consultancy Services Quinnox an IT solutions and services provider headquartered in Naperville, USA with offices in the UK, Germany, France and India. Quinnox has over 1000 employees globally and is ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 27001:2005 certified as well as CMMI SVC V.1.2 Level 3 appraised IT solutions and services provider in areas of Cloud Solutions and Mobility Solutions and Application Management Services, Customer Relationship Management, Enterprise Application Integration, E - Solutions and Testing to customers in following industry verticals : Financial Services, Manufacturing and Services, Retail and Distribution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details