TITLE: Looking for job in top Companies ??? Call Anshika 8095367807

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We are Hiring for Customer Care Executives for an E-Commerce Business Candidate with English / Hindi Fluency will be Preferred. Undergraduates / Graduates from any Stream can apply. Shifts : Day / US / UK Process : Inbound + Outbound (No target based) Experience : Â Fresher and Experienced in Customer Care in any Domain. Candidates from E commerce experience also can apply . Salary : 12 to 25000 CTC No of days working : Â 5 to 6days Working Timings : 9 Hours Should be flexible Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Attractive Incentives,food Coupons,cab Facility Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Customer Care BPO and ITES KPO International Voice Process international call center international inbound seller support Brand Management english and hindi fluency Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Saitech Saitech Technosoft Pvt Ltd brand name as GLOBAL QI is the Indian body of the parent company Saitech Solutions which is based at Thailand, where we are one of the top recruitment service provider for major brands. Our services span across industries such as IT, ITES, KPO, BPO, Financial Services, Retail, Logistics, Automobile and many more. We have initiated our operations in Bangalore in India is also one of the pre-eminent executive search organization in India, helping private and public sector organizations and the highest calibre people for permanent and interim management appointments in Thailand and internationally. Our experienced executive search specialists operate with absolute discretion, integrity and care, and are expert in ending exceptional individuals for challenging roles. As one of the premier executive consultants we aspire to handle the most important executive recruitment for leading organizations in every industry sector and to combine our functional specialist expertise with thoroughness and speed to provide exceptionally responsive and executive service.We also have extensive international reach. In order to achieve this vision we have a very high talented team of industry experts with a passion for providing a smooth and proactive experience in the recruitment and training process. Each consultant works within well market sectors so that they gain knowledge and expertise of the requirements of that industry. Some of our consultants specialize in functional roles that span all industry sectors such as CEO, Finance, IT, HR and Company Secretary roles. Our consultants are adaptable and approach each recruitment assignment with imagination and initiative. They are also very determined - our people make things happen. We dig deep and search widely. We combine precision and attention to detail with creativity and the ability to see the big picture. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details