TITLE: Hiring for Graduate, PUC or UG Fresher

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Test Yantra software solutions!!!! We are happy to inform you that we are currently hiring for PUC, Under graduate or Graduate fresher. Requirement. We would truly appreciate if you could go through the below JD and revert along with your updated CV. JD:- * Any Qualification * Should have Good Commutation *Should have good attitude *Opening for HR activities (Male candidates Preferred) *Opening for Student Counselor (Female candidates preferred) WORK LOCATION:-Bangalore (Rajajinagar or Banaswadi) / Noida / buvaneshwar. EXP: 0-1 Years (1st shift morning 8am to 5pm) (2nd shift morning 11am to 8pm) Salary:INR 80,000 - 1,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills hr fresher puc ug under graduate graduate b.com bbm bba ba Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Test Yantra Private Limited est Yantra is a Global IT Services Company offering expertise in QA, Automation & Testing services with capabilities in Selenium, Appium, QTP and Sauce Labs integration. Headquartered in Bangalore India., the hub of software technology - Test Yantra has carved a niche for itself in the testing industry. With offices in US and UK Test Yantra provides consulting to small, medium and large organizations on end-to-end solution for their QA needs. Test Yantra employs more than 500+ automation engineers with expertise on various domains and tools covering gamut of operations, providing cost-effective and quality testing solutions & services for the software industry through consulting, outsourced testing and its own testing products. We help organizations take full advantage of automation, both mobile and web, starting at the initial design phase till maintenance and can serve as an extension to your team to speed up the QA process. Our services include (but are not limited to) setting up an account on Sauce, developing/customizing framework and integrating with GIT and CI tools, creating and executing scripts, project management, and documentation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details