TITLE: Tools Developer - Perl Expert for Cloud Ops (devops), SAP Ariba

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SAP Ariba is hiring Tools Developer - Expert in Perl and also has experience on web server products. Come join the brightest, most dedicated, most energetic engineers, marketers, project managers, sales, service, and finance professionals! SAP Ariba, is the global leader in business commerce networks, supporting more than $450 billion dollars in yearly trade between over 1 million connected companies. Ariba is transforming the way the world conducts business and is poised for strong continued growth with its innovation around the commerce graph. Every day, we help companies big and small collaborate with trading partners to manage spend, cut costs, reduce risk, and grow revenue. This collaboration is enabled through the Ariba Network, a cloud-based community where companies find buying, selling, and managing cash to be as easy as using Amazon, eBay, and PayPal; Ariba Exchange, a free online place where business commerce professionals network and share information and best practices, just like friends on Facebook; and the Networked Economy Blog, where we share best practices and thought leadership on procurement and financial management topics with companies across the globe. Ariba provides professionals the opportunity to solve some of the worlds most challenging large-scale, cloud-based problems. We offer: Solve some of the worlds most challenging large-scale, cloud-based issues 20 PTO DAYS + Winter break between Christmas and New Years Day Paid! 10 holidays Flexible work schedule and telecommuting opportunities Choice of medical plans, 401(k), etc. We are growing and looking for talented people to help. Position Overview: As a member of the Tools team you will be responsible for the development and deployment of tools for Aribas Hosted Operations and engineering teams. This position will focus on building tools for operations monitoring, performance measurement, automation utilities and release control in a 24x7 mission-critical production environment. Responsibilities include: Duties and Responsibilities Working with Engineering Services, Hosting Operations and other Ariba development organizations to gather requirements, design, develop and deploy solutions (web and command line user interfaces). Lead the design, development, and support of various tools and applications (configuration/build/ deployment, monitoring, web servers, performance analysis/reporting, database/system admin utilities, ) for Ariba's operations and engineering teams. Automate the configuration and commissioning of applications for a 24x7 mission-critical production environment. Assist in guiding the team towards applying industry standard software development processes. Participate in re-engineering the tools development and deployment processes. Participate and lead in all phases of the software development cycle Lead the team on assigned projects and mentor junior team members as required Assists manager in coordinating and prioritizing team tasks and driving projects to high-quality and on-time completion. Drive consensus for design, process, technology, and documentation improvements. Improve efficiency of operational teams by out-of-the-box thinking and use/development of industry standard /cutting edge technology. Basic Minimum Qualifications B.S. Computer Science or equivalent experience. Minimum 2 years of Perl development experience on UNIX or Linux in an Internet-service environment. Broad Internet/Network Understanding of TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, and SSL/TSL. Follows and employs change control procedures. Quick learner with the ability to understand multi-system applications and networks. Excellent communication skills and excellent team player. Preferred Qualifications Proficient in object-oriented design principles with skills in Java, C/C++. Please note development is done only in Perl. However, we are open to using any modern language if appropriate for new development. Experience in the following areas: System/Network/Database Administration, Encryption Algorithms, Java Application Cluster Deployment, Web/Application Server (Apache/Tomcat/ WebObject) Performance Tuning, Maintaining 99.99+% infrastructure uptime, Data(center) Fail-over and Recovery, Cloud Computing. Experience building applications on top of RDBMS. Proficiency in SQL development preferably in an Oracle environment. Experience with web application servers (WebObjects, Tomcat, WebLogic). Experience developing release control tools in a fast-paced environment with well-developed practices and procedures. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills C Java SQL Development Algorithms Oracle Environment Linux Unix RDBMS Networking Database Administration Perl Shell Scripting Web Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP Ariba Ariba, an SAP company, is the global leader in business commerce networks, supporting more than $450 billion dollars in yearly trade between over 1 million connected companies. Ariba is transforming the way the world conducts business and is poised for strong continued growth with its innovation around the commerce graph. Every day, we help companies big and small collaborate with trading partners to manage spend, cut costs, reduce risk, and grow revenue. This collaboration is enabled through the Ariba Network, a cloud-based community where companies find buying, selling, and managing cash to be as easy as using Amazon, eBay, and PayPal; Ariba Exchange, a free online place where business commerce professionals network and share information and best practices, just like friends on Facebook; and the Networked Economy Blog, where we share best practices and thought leadership on procurement and financial management topics with companies across the globe. Ariba provides professionals the opportunity to solve some of the world's most challenging large-scale, cloud-based problems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details