TITLE: Android Developer Lead - Start up

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities - Lead the entire app lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. Apps will be mainly content based and integrated closely with the web sites. - Heavy involvement in driving the mobile strategy globally. - Collaborate with cross-functional teams,developers, product managers to define, design, and ship new features and conceptualise, build, test the current product. - Discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. - Working with the front end developers to build the interface with focus on usability features. - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. - Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions. - Build prototypes at tech scoping stage of projects. - Create compelling device specific user interfaces and experiences. - Improving application performance and optimization for loading times. - Bug fixing and conduct code reviews. Requirements - Ample experience, awareness, knowledge & understanding in Android application architecture, Activities, Services, Intents, Content Providers, Broadcast receiver and Notifications. - High proficiency in problem solving, data structures & algorithms. - Strong OO design & programming skills in Java/Android, Views, Layouts, Menus. - Expertise in working on JSON, REST, XML, web services and XMPP protocol. - Exposure to Location-Based Services, Supporting multiple screens, Security and Permissions, Widgets and social APIs integration. - Familiar with Android SDK. - Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL or similar database management system, Eclipse/Android Studio - Experience of development using web technologies, building web and native apps. - Using version control (Git). - Excellent debugging and optimisation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java SQLite XML Android SDK Eclipse MySQL Rest JSON Web Services GIT Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Lookup Lookup is an ecosystem that creates an easy and active communication channel between the customers and local businesses by using the mode of local commerce. * From making appointments at spa's & salon's, booking tables at restaurants, enquiring about product availability & prices to even reaching out to the nearest police stations, it enables the customers to shoot a message directly to the local businesses without sharing their private information like phone numbers. * The local businesses have the app installed on their mobile devices and can respond instantly. * Our app provides them a scope for personal interaction with their clients and customers thereby bridging the gap. * The instantaneousness of the responses is effectuated by our customer support that fields the responses, calls the businesses and responds to the customer queries in real time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details