TITLE: Information Risk Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION SUMMARY: The Third Party Risk Management Shared Service team is part of the JPMC Global Supplier Services (GSS) / Corporate Third Party Oversight (CTPO) organization. The team provides IT risk management oversight on third party service providers in accordance to JPMorgan Chase (JPMC) Third Party Oversight (TPO) Standards and Global Technology Standards. The TPRM Shared Service team supports a number of Line of Businesses (LOBs) , including Mortgage Banking (MB) , Corporate Sector Functions and Technology (CS) and Consumer & Business Banking (CBB) , Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) and Asset Management (AM) . As a Third Party Information Risk Analyst/ Lead, your primary responsibility will be for an assigned portfolio of third party application control assessments and application development life cycle assessments facilitated using specific risk assessment tools / questionnaire. Your role will require engaging stakeholders and leading business areas that use third party hosted applications, in order to assess the risk of these applications. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Engage with LOB Delivery Managers to ensure compliance with all required assessments per the JPMC policy and procedures. Drive all aspects of the application controls assessment and application development life cycle assessment of third party providers. Assess completed questionnaire and supporting field work materials to ensure they are complete and meet JPMC expectations. Conduct the remote assessment, providing the overall IT Risk expertise. Identify control breaks and vulnerabilities with a third party application. Document findings and work with the LOB Delivery Manager to resolve those findings through Control Breaks logged within internal risk management systems. Escalate issues associated with third parties as needed Identify opportunities for improving third party risk posture as well as JPMCs third party risk management processes, including expanded monitoring, KRI tracking, etc. Assist with various Third Party Risk Management program initiatives working closely with the Third Party Risk Management Leads. Support internal education and best practices sharing with peers and colleagues, as well as third party education & awareness, as needed Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills project management retention vendor management development business analysis change management asset management monitoring analytical metrics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required QUALIFICATIONS: Should have 6 - 8 years of experience in IT 3 years of experience in IT Risk management, audit or equivalent Proficient technical skills, including: audit, business analysis, change management, IT Risk Management, operation systems and data sources knowledge, performance metrics and reporting, technical problem resolution, project management, and vendor management. Proficient working knowledge within the following risk domains/ technologies: Application security Access administration Access Recertification Change control Data backup Data confidentiality Data integrity Incident and Problem Management Information Retention Privileged Access Project Assurance Resiliency Security Configuration Technology Asset Management Secure Software/ Code Development Security features review Threat modelling and Security Architectural reviews Dynamic code / Blackbox scanning vs Static code / Whitebox scanning Defects Management Vulnerability Management Penetration testing Source code management Proficient verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to effectively lead discussions and meeting Proficient risk assessment, interpretation, analytical and negotiation skills. Excellent organizational skills IT Risk Management/ Audit industry certification (such as CISSP, CISA, CRISC, etc. ) required Masters degree preferred, Bachelors degree required or equivalent technical experience Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details