TITLE: QA Testing | Automation, Scripting,

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, !!!! Greeting From BLACK & WHITE BUSINESS SOLUTION !!!! Hope you are doing great. We have an opportunity for you with One of Our Product based Client. Summary of the Role Candidate need not have prior experience working in the Airline IT domain. Should have a good understanding of a software development lifecycle. Should have a good understanding of the different artifxacts that need to be created in the requirement phase and have an extensive experience creating these said artifacts in the SDLC. Should aim to take ownership. Main Responsibilities *Implement test strategy for their area, in compliance with the global test strategy * Participate in specification reviews to provide input on testability requirements * Responsible for the project, product or release quality control * Define test cases from customers requirements. Ensure traceability with specifications * Write test plan (functional and/or non functional and/or non regression) * Design test cases * Develop automated test case scripts * Prepare test environment and test data, and execute the test cases * Provide go/no-go for their test campaign * Provide information to developers in order to fix defects. Perform PTR fix verification * Give go/no-go for the load of Production PTRs * Responsible for PTRs sorting meeting * Document software defects * Responsible for reporting and communicating on test activities to the line organization, software developers and product definitions * Ensure improvement of non regression test repository Skills & Knowledge Technical / Functional and Managerial Technical Skill Product Development Life Cycle The understanding of the process related to a software development process, such as requirement, specification & architecture design, programming, testing, documenting, deployment and maintenance. Quality Assurance Ability to verify that features and functionality meet business objectives, and that code is relatively bug free prior to releasing new software products and versions. Ability to follow the QA principles: "Fit for purpose" (the product should be suitable for the intended purpose) and "Right first time" (mistakes should be eliminated). Standard Project Mgt Methodology Ability to handle the different phases of a project, following Amadeus methodology and using standard project management tools: - Project organization - Project Initiation - Planning, estimating and scheduling - Executing - Monitoring and controlling - Risk management - Project closing Testing Capacity to apply the concurrent lifecycle process of engineering, using and maintaining testware (test cases, test scripts, test reports, test plans, etc) to measure and improve the quality of the software being tested. Testing embraces the planning, design, management, execution and reporting of tests, using appropriate testing tools and techniques and conforming to agreed standards (such as ISO), to ensure that new and amended systems, configurations, packages, or services, together with any interfaces, perform as specified. Adaptation: Ability to use in house testing tools Soft Skills Analytical Thinking Ability to use a methodical step-by-step approach to break down complex problems or processes into their constituents parts, identify causes and effects patterns and analyse problems to arrive to an appropriate solution Communication Basics Ability to: - Express ideas and opinions clearly, define messages and reach a common understanding of issues, addressing the audience effectively - Produce oral and written communications which are clear, fluent and concise - Hold the attention of others, both in a group and in one to one situations - Listen patiently and carefully to input and feedback - Deliver basic presentations English/Advanced Listening: Can understand extended speech and lectures and follow even complex lines of argument provided the topic is reasonably familiar. Reading: Can understand the main ideas of complex text on both concrete and abstract topics, including technical discussions in his/her field of specialisation. Speaking: Can interact with a degree of fluency and spontaneity that makes regular interaction with native speakers quite possible without strain for either party. Writing: Can produce clear, detailed text on a wide range of subjects. Networking Ability to build a network of contacts and to capitalize on it to accomplish business objectives Team Work Ability to cooperate in one or several group(s) of work and bring efficient contribution Education and Years of Experience : 3.5 to 5.8 years 080-67610211 | prasanna@blackwhite.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills qa testing Automation Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Incorporated in 2006, Black and White Business solutions has gradually developed today into a leading provider of manpower for some of the fortune 500 companies for their junior/ middle / senior and executive requirements. At Black and White Business Solutions, our sole job is to find individuals who are driven to succeed, and match them with companies that know how to reward success.Considered one of the top recruitment firms in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details