TITLE: Manager Costing & Internal Audit -sattva Group

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Salarpuria Sattva Group ! About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Job Profile Manager Internal Audit : -To conduct and manage Internal Audit activities in a real estate construction organization across multiple projects -To evaluate and augment controls in financial records of operations, processes and systems (primarily SAP environment). -To determine and highlight instances of impropriety in financial and collaborate on the root cause analysis -To present internal audit finding and views on process improvements to management . Job Profile Manager Costing : -To drive preparation, review and report budgets of real estate projects -To drive preparation of, review, validate and report costs of real estate projects -To determine and highlight proactively on instances of deviations and collaborate on cost controlling -To collaborate with organization finance teams on project P/Ls -To drive preparation of cash flows, review, present and monitor cash flows -To present Budgets, Costings and Cash Flows to management . Interested candidates may forward your updated profile to Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Keyskills Finance Auditing Root Cause Analysis Real Estate Construction Cost Control Internal Audit Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Costing Manager (CA with 3-5 years of experience preferably in Real Estate and with SAP background) Company Profile: Salarpuria Sattva Group Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Enter details about your company and/or the company you are hiring for Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details