TITLE: Sr. Fund Raising Executive Donor Services (70% Tele call & 30% Backend

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The profile is of 70% constitute of Tele-marketing to acquire and retain donors and 30% back end operations (Database Management, project activity) . 2 vacancies- 1 each for Faridabad-Greenfields (Female candidates preferred) & Bengaluru (Both Male and female candidates can apply) 1) Donor Services Support Fund Development activities in Project Retention of all Â Donors as well as inhouse data. Getting Reference from Â Donors who donate in projects Complete Fund Raising targets in related to acquisition of new donors. Occasionally visit donors, if required Establish, maintain and utilize a broad network of contacts to manage donors Actively pursue learning and development in order to achieve results and to contribute to continuous improvement. Serve the donor interest through focusing organizational effort. Visit atleast twice a month at National office, Vasant Kunj. 2) International sponsorship services Registrations collect information; send draft for approval to Head Sponsorship and print and send to Sponsorship Department. Photos Click photos of new children / Village; Print and send with registration to Sponsorship Department. Departures Collect information, send draft to Head-Sponsorship for approval; print and send to Sponsorship Department. Sponsors queriesÂ Sponsorship and send reply to Sponsorship Department. Tally list Print and check list for registrations, departures, youth, mothers, House no. of child; send filled up annexures to Sponsorship department. 3) Correspondence with International team: Progress reports collect information once a year; prepare, print and post detailed annual development report of each child to all sponsors; send all progress reports soft copy to Sponsorship Department. Photos for welcome letter click photos of new child as per guidelines and send to Sponsorship Department when required. Village mid-year report Prepare and send draft for approval to Head Sponsorship; print and post to Sponsors. Christmas and New Year mailing click photos of children (CV, YF, Hostel) & Village; place order for greeting cards; prepare and send draft of New Year Letter to Head Sponsorship for approval; paste photos, address labels and post greetings to all sponsors. 4) Co-ordinate Administrative tasks: Registers Child and Village sponsors addresses; letters & gifts; dispatch post Record gift items in inward register & hand over gift to child; send Thank You letter to sponsor with a copy to Sponsorship Department. Update Report Prepare brief report of all new children in April; send to Sponsorship Department for uploading in SPS software. Visit of sponsors Visit details would be provided and confirmed from respective Head Sponsorship / ; inform mother and child about sponsors visit date and time. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing Executive Keyskills Fund Raising Tele - M Tele - Calling Acquisition donor ngo Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Graduate/Post Graduate candidates with 3-4 years of experience in Telemarketing & backend data management.Job location-Faridabad-Greenfields & Banglauru (1 position for each location)CTC 3-4.5 LPA basis candidate's competency.Female candidate will be preferred for Faridabad Location (Sec 29)Excellent communication skillsÂ Company Profile: SOS Childrens Villages Of India SOS Children's Villages take action for children as an independent non-governmental social organization. We respect varying religions and cultures, and we work in countries and communities where our mission can contribute to development. We work in the spirit of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child and we promote these rights around the world. With the SOS Children's Village concept, our organization pioneered a family approach to the long-term care of orphaned and abandoned children. We have two key programmes, Family Based Care (FBC) and Family Strengthening Programme (FSP). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details