TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for top candidates who are passionate about developing great software that delivers significant market value. This is the opportunity to work among some of the industrys top names working on some of the most challenging technical problems. If you want to work at a company that is changing the world, let us know. We are looking for a BI Developer who will be part of a team responsible for creating solutions. Our team provides solutions to the organization's decision-making process, corporate performance management, and clients. This position will meet frequently with business owners to discuss needs and effectively communicate technical solutions at a business level. This position is responsible for developing and implementing solutions using organizational data warehouse, data marts, and operational data stores. This position will consult with business users regarding the use and management of data as well as work in design, maintenance, and completion of highly visible organizational projects creating efficient solutions. The right candidates will possess the following traits: An ability to instill and reinforce a strong customer service and business-oriented ethic in the entire team. An ability to manage and work with a culturally diverse population. An ability to balance between data needs and requirements for action. An ability to work well and productively, always projecting a positive outlook in a fast-paced, sometimes stressful environment. Staying current with industry trends. Attention to detail and willingness to learn new skills and technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Data Warehousing Bi Warehouse Software Engineering Performance Management Customer Service MySQL Oracle SQL Server SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Facilitate front-end data warehouse tool discussions with business units and design layout of key reports/dashboards based on business input. Participate in data warehouse initiatives with key business stakeholders by gathering and documenting key business definitions, measures, and standards. Facilitate requirements gathering from non-technical business personnel and suggest efficient reporting solutions based on requirements. Design, code, test, and aggregate results from SQL queries against disparate databases to provide information to users. Work independently and collaboratively with end users to assist in defining strategic solutions that solve business issues and enhance corporate performance. During development activities, on rare occasions, it may be necessary to provide support outside normal working hours. Become integral part of Enterprise Information Management team that will provide internal and external services through data/software as a service model. Your Experience & Know-How: Strong knowledge of SQL with ability to write and tune complex queries. Knowledge of relational database design and data warehouse design concepts. 3+ years of experience developing BI/dashboard components using tools like Tableau /Qlik View /Jasper soft / Microstrategy / Spotfire preferably with enterprise level data warehouse and business intelligence projects. 3+ years of experience with databases such us Oracle, SQL Server or MySQL. Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related field. Should possess a good working knowledge of Unix/Linux. Experience in performance tuning and understand high availability concepts are preferable. Data modeling experience with working knowledge of tool like Erwin, would be an added advantage. Experience with Hadoop platform primarily with Hive / Impala / PIG would be a plus.Experience with programming language like Java would be a bonus. Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource 0E2201E 0A2 provides services focused on high value, knowledge-based functions principally related to real estate and mortgage portfolio management, asset recovery and customer relationship management. Utilizing integrated technology that includes decision models and behavioral-based scripting engines, we provide solutions that improve our clients' performance and maximize their returns. Altisource has three primary business segments: Mortgage Services - Mortgage portfolio management services that span the mortgage lifecycle (e.g. origination, valuation, closing and title services, default management services, asset management and component services) Technology Services - REALSuite of applications (residential and commercial loan servicing, loss mitigation, vendor management and electronic invoice presentment and payment software) as well as our IT infrastructure services Financial Services - Asset Recovery and Customer Relationship Management Altisource is developing a reputation as the preeminent technology enabled, knowledge based provider of its services. Our focus is on leveraging technology and a global service delivery model to provide highly efficient, accurate support of the industries we service. Unique intellectual property, such as behavioral-science principles, artificial intelligence driven scripting engines and risk decision models are used to reduce performance variability and improve compliance and overall performance for Altisource and its clients. Altisource's Marketplaces business unit is a new organization created from Altisource's corporate venturing model based on technology innovations and intellectual capital developed from within the company. The unit includes two of Altisource's most promising products - a patented automated order and vendor management solution that solves the complex problem of orchestrating multiple vendors, products and orders, and a patented, electronic invoicing and payment system that automates and streamlines the full cycle of invoice presentment and payment. It improves cash flow management and visibility, reduces costs and virtually eliminates the time spent by management reviewing and approving invoices. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details