TITLE: Staff Nurse/bangalore

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings of the day... We are currently having opening for staff nurse in Bangalore Location. Interested candidates can apply . Job Description : Designation : Staff Nurse. Education : GNM/B.Sc. Nursing with Registration/ MSC Nursing. Experience : 2+ yrs. Salary : As per industry standard and will not be a constraint for deserving candidates.(Incentives and perks over and above salary). Location : Bangalore (Whitefield , HSR, BTM, Bannerghatta Road). Shift : Day shift (8 Hours). " NO NIGHT SHIFT " Clinical & Administrative:- 1)Handle Basic Clinical tasks like help doctors in patient care, Check the height, weight, temperature and BP. Take ECG, give injections and apply bandages vaccine administration, IM/IV/SC injections. Etc 2) Perform administrative duties like planning doctors schedule, greet patients, file records and correspondence and type letters and bills and handling basic clinical tasks. 3) Trainability for dressings, Checking vitals, glucometer use, PHLEBOTOMY, ECG, Woundcare etc., 4) Carryout other managerial duties inline with the needs of the day functioning of the practice unit including assisting in entry and updation of Electronic Medical Records, manage records etc. 5) Attend regular medical education and training Meeting. Desired Candidate Profile :- Staff Nurse/ Physician Assistant in a well-equipped urban primary healthcare setup. Should have experience in handling Paediatric patients and Phlebotomy. Firm belief in, and the will to practice as per the founding values of NationWide. Good communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work as part of a multi-disciplinary team. Basic computing skills. Responsibilities : Clinical : Willing to undertake home visits. Willing to work within Zone. Assist doctors in Patient Care. Provide empathic patient care and treatment. Good Nursing skills (gaining IV access, Catheter Care, Bedside physiotherapy and wound care). Equipment maintenance & calibration. If interested please forward your updated profile or contact us on the following number. Kindly refer your friends also. Contact Person : Deepan R Contact Number : 08043171038/ 08043171023/ 9994434473 Email : Deepan.r@nationwidedocs.org Thanks and Regards, HR Team NationWide Primary Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,25,000 P.A. Incentives, Perks, Variable pay, reimbursement, allowances Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Nurse Keyskills Nursing GNM Bsc Patient Care Health Care Services Night Shift Equipment Maintenance Interpersonal Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NationWide Primary Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd. The Family Doctors In early 2010, a team of UK-trained doctors and management experts envisaged bringing the family doctor system back and revolutionising the way primary care is delivered across India. Thus was born NationWide. Widely acknowledged as a leader in bringing the best international practices in primary care to India and adapting them to our unique needs and challenges, we are India's pioneering chain of primary care clinics, providing personalised family doctor and allied health care services to individuals, families and corporate groups. Our clinics are your first point of contact for all the medical needs that you and your family may have in today's fast paced life. We focus on bridging the gap between fragmented General Practitioner (GP) services and highly expensive super-specialist hospital care, by creating a single point of care for your everyday healthcare needs. We are also building a strong career track for general practitioners & family physicians in India and strive to develop family medicine as a broad specialty. We believe we can do this by formulating & providing best-in-class training and Continued Medical Education (CME) in primary care. Our in-house training curriculum is based on international clinical protocols, safe doctor practices and effective patient communication, ensuring that our doctors are up-to-date with the latest clinical knowledge and thereby offer patient care that is empathetic, participative and meaningful. Our team comprises of family doctors specialized in primary care/family medicine with more than a decade of clinical experience in family practice from India and abroad. They are backed by a world-class management team, with several team members having dual degrees in medicine as well as management. The company is funded through private equity and has successfully closed four rounds of funding, including two rounds of angel investment, a series-A funding from one of the top tier investment firms in the world, Norwest Venture Partners (NVP) and most recently, a debt-venture funding from Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) India. In all, NationWide has raised a total funding of INR 36.5 Crore till date. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details