TITLE: Expert - L2L3 Protocol Developer (networking Domain)

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Technical Leader in the HP Networking Wired Switching unit, one will be responsible for the design, development, maintenance and quality/performance of software solutions for HPN mobility/wireless switches. The Job primarily involves Development and maintenance of switching software for HPN wired switching products. Skillset Needed: Must be very strong in C Programming, OS basics & Data structures. Experience in software design/development with a Strong understanding of Operating System concepts. Understanding and experience in wireless protocols Wireless Wired Layer 2 and/or Layer 3 protocol development. Development experience in wired switching/routing protocols Experience in networking domain, knowledge of protocols like TCP/IP stack, BGP, RIP,OSPF, LLDP and layer2 switching, IP forwarding, , MPLS,..... Working knowledge of OS's such as Unix, VxWorks, embedded Linux, ..etc Experience and knowledge in switch ASIC architecture and device driver development would be desirable For Master & Expert In addition to above below skills are also must: Must have design and architectural experience. Very good understanding of Entire software development lifecycle. Must be able to influence Value Chain teams like Hardware, Product Planning, Customer facing teams like marketing & Support. Must be able to lead more than one projects. Must keep himself updated on latest technology/market trends. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills L2 L3 protocols network networking router switch Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Enter in Qualifications field of Taleo (Internal and External, replace pre-populated generic content.)Skillset Needed:Must be very strong in C Programming, OS basics & Data structures. Experience in software design/development with a Strong understanding of Operating System concepts. Understanding and experience in wireless protocols Wireless Wired Layer 2 and/or Layer 3 protocol development. Development experience in wired switching and routing protocols Experience in networking domain, knowledge of protocols like TCP/IP stack, BGP, RIP,OSPF, LLDP and layer2 switching, IP forwarding, , MPLS,..... Working knowledge of OS's such as Unix, VxWorks, embedded Linux, ..etc Experience and knowledge in switch ASIC architecture and device driver development would be desirableFor Master & Expert In addition to above below skills are also must: Must have design and architectural experience. Very good understanding of Entire software development lifecycle. Must be able to influence Value Chain teams like Hardware, Product Planning, Customer facing teams like marketing & Support. Must be able to lead more than one projects. Must keep himself updated on latest technology/market trends. Company Profile: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details