TITLE: iOS Developer - Objective C/ Swift

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for iOS developer for and Mobile applications Product development and one of the Apple Partner Company based out in Udupi. Position : iOS developer Exp : 3-10 years Work Location :Udupi Interview location : Bangalore - Deliver super awesome iOS apps on time, all the time - Work either independently or in a team - Closely engage with the client from requirements until the app store - Be a rock star at integration of IOS SDK's & Frameworks - Provide super - creative design inputs to the client Requirements (Exp 3 to 10 Years) : - Must have 2+ experience in Independently developing iOS Native app using Objective-C with iOS SDK - Experience with Xcode, Swift/Objective-C, iOS SDK. - Expert UI development for iOS using UIKit and should have worked on custom UI development for iOS. - Experience working with Autolayout, size classes etc to create single interface of the application that works well in iPhone and iPad. - Strong experience working with Web service to connect iOS application with the backend Services. - Strong understanding of Object oriented design principles. - Knowledge of SQL Lite, core data for iPhone. - Excellent optimization and debugging skills. - Excellent communication skills. We Offer - - Competitive salaries - Excellent Benefits - Challenging assignments - Ample opportunities to train, learn and grow alongside some of the finest professionals in the industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Objective C XCode IPad IPhone IOS Mobile Applications Apple SDK Web Technologies Object Oriented Design iOS Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Zyoin Web Pvt Ltd one of the Apple Partner Company based out in Udupi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details