TITLE: Manager / Sr Manager - GATE

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manager / Senior Manager GATE Location: Bangalore Qualifications Should have qualified GATE Passionate about education and the impact it can cause to the society at large Should have prior experience with teaching and relevant content development] Ability to move fast and decisively Should have a strong adherence to commitments and deadlines Roles & responsibilities Hold complete responsibility of the entire GATE offering which includes streams like CE, ME, EC, CSIT, IN, EE To generate high quality content (video and text) through association with faculties Whet the content created which is in-line with the GATE examination. Create test series, assessments, quizzes and other study material which simplifies the process of learning for the students. Create articles, videos and other useful material which is used for the content marketing. Should have good network and repo with teachers. Should work in close association with marketing and sales teams and train the teams regarding the fine-details of the product. Should be in a position to build teams and ensure smooth flow of work across teams (product, marketing, sales, academics) About SuperProfs.com: SuperProfs.com is revolutionizing the way education is delivered in India. It is Indias largest online portal for competitive exam coaching with classes for exams such as UPSC, CA, CS, GATE, Bank-PO, SSC among others. SuperProfs ties up with Indias best Professors and brings their classrooms online. It enables students from any corner of the country to study from the best, anytime & anywhere. SuperProfs.com is a venture of Aurus Network, which was founded in 2010 by alumni of top education institutes like IITs, IIMs and Stanford University. The Aurus Network team is 150+ member strong currently and growing. They have offices in Bangalore (HQ), Delhi, Chennai and Hyderabad. The company is funded by world class investors, including Kalaari Capital, IDG Ventures and Indian Angel Network Refer - A corporate video about the company : http://bit.ly/1DgQj4l - Coverage of the company by CNBC TV18 Young Turks : http://bit.ly/1C2w7l9 - What is it to work at SuperProfs : http://bit.ly/1VW4jIk Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Institutional Educational Education Teaching GATE Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Superprofs About SuperProfs.com: SuperProfs.com is revolutionizing the way education is delivered in India. It is India's largest online portal for competitive exam coaching with classes for exams such as UPSC, CA, CS, GATE, Bank-PO, SSC among others. SuperProfs ties up with India's best Professors and brings their classrooms online. It enables students from any corner of the country to study from the best, anytime & anywhere. SuperProfs.com is a venture of Aurus Network, which was founded in 2010 by alumni of top education institutes like IITs, IIMs and Stanford University. The Aurus Network team is 150+ member strong currently and growing. They have offices in Bangalore (HQ), Delhi, Chennai and Hyderabad. The company is funded by world class investors, including Kalaari Capital, IDG Ventures and Indian Angel Network Refer - A corporate video about the company : http://bit.ly/1DgQj4l - Coverage of the company by CNBC TV18 Young Turks : http://bit.ly/1C2w7l9 - What is it to work at SuperProfs : http://bit.ly/1VW4jIk Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details