TITLE: Iseries Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Knowledge of AS400 High Availability setup MIMIX, iTerra, etc. Knowledge of AS400 networked systems, access and security guidelines and procedures. Knowledge of network hardware and software troubleshooting techniques. Skill in solving technically challenging problems involving AS400 based critical application and hardware issues. Expertise on OS upgrades - Complete procedure and at least 8-10 self-driven various OS upgrade experience Expertise on iSeries hardware (I/O, IOP, Cards, type/model/Ethernet) - Understanding of complete H/W setup and implementation for iSeries Expertise in complete HMC management - Backup, reboot, activate, different profiles, HMC setup, firmware upgrade etc Knowledge of CL/RPG - Writing startup programs, CL Backup plan, code correction, testing, compilation, levels in RPG, File types etc Expertise in LPAR creation/decommission - LPAR creation prerequisite, H/W requirement, VIO requirement, LPAR deletion plan, Resource management etc Exposure to SAN/VIO - SAN ASP Concept, VIO implementation concept, ACSLS knowledge and commands Sound knowledge of ATL/VTL - ATL/VTL functionality, troubleshooting, options available etc. Expertise on rebuilding of LPARs - Complete plan and implementation with roll back plan, risks involved, prerequisite etc Sound Exposure on internal/external disk removal/addition activities - Type of disks, speeds, read/write, status, plan, risks covered etc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills AS400 Administrator iseries administrator as400 admin Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IPsoft Global Services Private Limited About Company ABOUT IPSOFT IPsoft is a global, industry-leading managed services company offering a complete solution to enterprise customers for outsourcing global IT operations. We offer a full range of managed services to our clients, from management at the individual component, device and network level to the analysis, design and management of complex business processes. IPsoft's unique (and proprietary) automation technology remediates more than half of the detected exceptions in our managed client environments. We manage our customers' systems through our worldwide Network Operations Centers located in New York City (HQ), London, Amsterdam and Bangalore. IPsoft has been solidly profitable since its inception as a company in 1998, and has roughly doubled its gross revenues for four straight years; we are on a trajectory to continue this rapid growth pace, meaning that you will have an opportunity to grow with the company. CULTURE IPsoft is committed to helping our employees develop their full potential in both business and technical spheres, and it is our policy to recognize excellent performance by promoting from within. IPsoft is a fast-paced, energetic and fun place to work. We're changing the way managed services are delivered to customers, and we're looking for people who want to make a difference. The best evidence that IPsoft is a good place to work? People come to work here and stay. If you come to work at IPsoft, you'll be working with cutting-edge technologies and the bright, driven people who develop them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details