TITLE: Dsit-t&s-developer (middleware - Integration and Hosting - Websphere)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: Specialist in IBM Websphere Application Server and JBOSS Administration, Java, J2EE for the Trading and Supply business. Performs all Websphere / Jboss administration functions and troubleshoot, optimize, and tune applications hosted on Application Servers. Serve as subject matter expert/leader/champion in the Shell domain areas of: technical standards & frameworks, technical landscape, functional/technical requirements translation, IT delivery processes, project technical initiation & execution, onboarding projects and deployment of Websphere and Java applications to ensure performance and availability. Dimensions: Annual budget or financial business dimensions that the job either directly controls or indirectly influence: * No staff/budget accountability * Virtual working environment in a globally based and culturally diverse team * Managing multiple delivery priorities and multiple demand requests * Working with multiple stakeholders in various organizations Principal Accountabilities: 1. Install, configure, and administer the Application Server platform/Farm for maximum utilization and throughput. Upgrading and maintaining Application Server and application hosted in support of business. Working with Project Teams in multi-stakeholder environment and on-board applications on to Websphere Farm. 2. Assisting, as needed, with top quartile Application Support for the business portfolio based solutions, to service levels agreed with the Business 3. Performing IT software development work on project, discretionary or operational items. This may include: Technical Estimating, Technical Analysis, Technical Requirements Definition, Technical Solution Design, Technical Specification & Acceptance Criteria, and Technical Test Plan design and execution. 4. Performing, assisting with, or providing technical support for: Unit, System, Integration or End-to-End testing for fixes, enhancements or new development. 5. Liaising with a diverse set of business portfolio and IT stakeholders, as required 6. Adhering to applicable Shell code development and code management standards 7. Serving as technical SME/liaison to project and support teams in order to provide technical advice, guidance, standards, troubleshooting assistance and process coaching 8. Supporting ITSO operations in security, incident/problem management, change management and other run and maintain activities by serving as a subject matter expert in relevant technical areas 9. Championing global streamlined technical processes and information standardization, as well as all IT procedure and policies. 10. Work with offshore and 3rd party resources to provide Shell domain technical knowledge and expertise. 11. Comply with Information Risk Management (IRM) standards and procedures 11. Exhibit behaviours of: - Developing high quality design specifications for enhancements / new functionality. - Able to clearly articulate and work to realistic deadlines and timelines. - Take user requirements through to solution delivery. - Implement top grade solutions & test software changes efficiently and to a high standard. - Adheres to coding standards and actively drives high standards within team on code and documentation quality. - Applies knowledge of industry trends and developments to improve services. - Actively applies feedback received from day to day work and continually strives to improve performance. - Be coherent, grammatically correct, and effective in professional written and verbal communications. - Work on own initiative, think independently and make decisions at the appropriate level of responsibility. - Understand the professional development process and becomes actively involved by setting challenging goals and meeting them through continuous learning. - Demonstrate strong collaboration skills, including ability to work with other team members from different time zones on complex technical issues and achieve positive results. - Coordinate effectively with project managers and leads around schedules and deliverables for projects. Be able to identify opportunities to improve processes and offer constructive suggestions for change. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml sql server technical support jboss business intelligence application support troubleshooting middleware coding operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Knowledge, Skills & Experience: Specify the educational background, qualifications and experience typically required to perform the job fully and effectively.1. Computer Science or similar degree2. Minimum 5 years software development experience3. Familiarity with Energy Trading terminology and business process workflows is a plus. Specific experience with Trade Capture, Risk Management, Scheduling & Operations, or Settlements & Accounting is preferred. Knowledge of P&L calculations, option models, trade book reconciliation would be an advantage.4. Track record of successful delivery, both independently and in teams5. Proven ability to operate as part of a virtual team6. Ability to multi-task across differing tasks and effectively manage competing priorities7. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to engender trust, credibility and respect with team and stakeholders8. Ability to quickly adapt to changing demands and project environments when moving from assignment to assignment9. Any applicable Technical certifications are a plus10. Knowledge of one or more of the key Trading & Supply strategic or business required technologies:- IBM WebSphere Application Server/NDM v7/v8.x (mandatory)- JBOSS Application V5 and later- JAVA, J2EE, XML(mandatory)- Unix/Linux, Windows 2008 R2, Windows 2012(mandatory)- Web and Wintel, Linux Hosting(added advantage)- Oracle / SQL Server(added advantage)- Awareness of TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS Firewalls, Load balancers (added advantage)- TIBCO EMS (added advantage)- IBM DB2 Connect (added advantage)- IBM/Sterling Connect Direct (added advantage)11. Knowledge of software methodologies and approaches such as:- Software Development Life Cycle- Object Oriented Design- Experience with Development Frameworks- Web Services- Data Interfaces / Data Integration- Business Intelligence / Data Analytics- Algorithmic trading experience Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details