TITLE: Sapientnitro Hiring for Node JS Developer for Delhi/ncr & Bangalore Lo

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an urgent opening for a leading MNC ( SapientNitro) for Delhi/NCR and Bangalore location.Â Â Role: Hiring for Node JS Developer - Delhi/NCR & Bangalore Location.Â Â Job Role : DeveloperÂ Skill : NodeJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavascriptÂ Â Experience : 3 to 9 yearsÂ Job Location : Delhi/NCR & BangaloreÂ Desired Skills:Â 1. Excellent knowledge of hand-coded HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript 2. Hands-on experience working with Object Oriented JavaScript (OOJS), JavaScript libraries and their practical uses in building complex interactive experiencesÂ Â 3. Hands-on experience working with client-side templating languages like Handlebars, Mustache, etc.Â Â 4. Familiarity of working with frontend build systems and automating the same using Grunt / Gulp is a plusÂ Â 5. Familiarity with MV* frameworks (AngularJS, Backbone.js, or similar) and knowledge of common JavaScript design patternsÂ Â 6. Familiarity of working with TDD in JS with the help of frameworks like Jasmine, Mocha, Karma etc. is a plusÂ 7. Experience using fluid grids, and building responsive/adaptive websites using Bootstrap etc.Â 8. Understanding of SEO and accessibility and how they relate to developmentÂ 9. Moderate to Strong graphics manipulation/optimization skills using PhotoshopÂ 10. Hands-on experience working with server-side JavaScript frameworks based on Node.js is a plusÂ Â It's a Mandatory Part, Need to Fill by the Candidate. Please reply along with the Full Information given...Â Â Current Location:Â Total Experience:Â Â CTC :Â ECTC :Â Notice Period :Â Â DOB:Â Â PAN Card No:Â Good Communication SkillÂ 10th +12th + Graduation should be regular with more than 50+% marks.Â Interested candidates can send me your updated resume at poorvak@selectsourceintl.com or can call at 0124-4498330. Note: Please do not change the subject line while forwarding your resume. ++ Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills html css Angular JS AngularJS Backbone JS Javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Select Source International Tata Consultancy Services Limited (tcs) www.tcs.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details