TITLE: Dsit-t&s - Business Analyst (Gas & Power)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: The primary responsibility of the Business Analyst (BA) is to serve as the application & functional expert on the business processes, systems and data in the (Trading and Supply Crude & Products, Functions or Gas & Power) portfolio. The BA will perform business analysis and execute change activities, this will include both project work and sustain and improvement enhancements. The BA will work alongside Project Managers, developers, and other BAs to provide IT solutions and support to meet their business needs. Key accountabilities: * Conducting elicitation sessions with identified stakeholders, dealing with people from different regions / countries with different cultures, languages, and time zones. * Engaging business stakeholders to understand and analyze business issues, goals and requirements. * Deep expertise on the application functionality, design and implementation * Understand and be able to consult on the Business processes supported by the application * IT Business analysis work on project, discretionary, operational items. This would * include Business Analysis, Business Requirements Definition, Business Solution Design, Functional Specification & Acceptance Criteria, and Acceptance Test Plan and Management solutions for delivery of change projects and minor enhancements * Defining, prioritizing, and documenting business requirements in line with IT solutions, IT direction, and target portfolio & architecture. * Working with IT partners and third party suppliers to ensure that solutions meet business needs, including testing, defect management, and user education. * Acting as the business change enabler for effective use of information and IT. * Applying available standards, methods and tools in an intelligent and effective way, and contributing to Shell BA best practices. * Producing a consistently high standard of documentation, both in a technical and a descriptive nature. * Assisting in the preparation of investment proposals in close cooperation with the business and IT stakeholders. * Understanding the importance and value of Information and Data and ensuring that solutions enforce data quality, enable efficient and effective data management, and provide quality information to the users. * Working with the business to analyze, design, develop, implement, and measure business processes and data flows, often applying process/data analysis and improvement techniques. * Generating innovative approaches to existing problems or new opportunities in order to enhance results or maximise potential through researching potential solutions and innovative ideas. * Designs and manages tests of new/updated processes. Specifies test environment for whole lifecycle testing (e.g. using a model office concept). * Manages the selection/creation of relevant scenarios for testing and ensures that tests reflect realistic operational business conditions. * Follow and implement the Shell Information Risk Management policies and procedures Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills risk management development dealing documentation data analysis ba data management business analysis travel change management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Competencies & Qualifications:* A professional certification e.g. IIBA certification (CCBA/CBAP) or PMI-PBA is a plus * Ability to work in a fast-paced, demanding, rapidly changing environment* Strong engagement skills, working with senior leaders on regular basis * Need for strong team-working skills in a virtual environment; willingness to travel periodically * Ability to effectively engage a virtual team of leaders located in different geographies* Ability to respond to organizational and environmental changes that impact projects.* Awareness of software testing principles.* Must have strong analytical aptitude and be able to analyse complex problems / requirements and be able to define functionally advanced IT solutions* Must have a process oriented aptitude* Ability to self-start and direct efforts based on high-level business objectives yet seek guidance as necessary. * Ability to act as a focal point for a specialized area (technical or business); able to lead teams while managing multiple competing priorities.Job Experience Requirements* Experience in business analyses, business IT change management, IT project management, preferably within Shell context* Familiar with a range of analysis, modelling, and design methods; has broad current knowledge of IT standards, applications, and trends* Ability to take a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving and pay close attention to detail.* Experienced in communicating and partnering with stakeholders across cultures and at all organizations, singly and in groups* Has a comprehensive understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management, and software testing and of all testing events throughout the development lifecycle. * Takes a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving and pays close attention to detail* Broad knowledge of IT, knowledge of the technology landscape including current developments and the most commonly available products. * Comprehensive understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management. Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details