TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities & tasks Â Responsible for end-to-end process lifecycle management at product stability phase; focusing on design, debugging, testing, quality assurance of specific product features as part for application service and maintenance. Demonstrates full responsibility for accepted tasks and therefore demonstrates a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency. Works close together with other team members to ensure team success. Â Exhibits strong overall product knowledge and shares domain expertise within and across teams. Â Â Technical expectations Â A technology enthusiast with the right programming acumen driven by customer expectations and business needs with an ability to adapt to varied skill set demands. Good programming fundamentals (e.g. good insight into technical concepts such as OOPS, device engineering, security, performance etc.). Ability to understand product (conceptual, functional and logical aspects) and a quick learner. Knowledge on enterprise applications as a concept is desirable. Operates effectively as a member of the development team. Also operates effectively as an individual for quick turnaround of enhancements and fixes. Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverables on time and in high quality. Responsible for the development of web applications and components. Responsible for the design and development of web pages, graphics, GUIs. Effectively develops in a clean, well structured, easily maintainable format. Utilizes storyboarding and graphic pre-designs where appropriate. Demonstrates strong creative, technical and analytical skills. Demonstrates ability to communicate effectively in both technical and business environments. Should take responsibility to work on independent module based on business requirement in parallel. Â Job specific competencies and skills Â Application development Â Responsible for debugging, testing, documentation, communication, coordination, reporting, deployment and maintenance for software products and features. Responsible for driving implementation and delivering sustainable software modifications in a team. Ensuring development quality and executing test phases. Coordinating with onsite team and resolve issues or gather enough information for further analysis. An aptitude to investigate root cause of certain failures. Dedicated, conscientious individual with effective task management and communication skills is essential. Â Â Customer focus & product quality Â Deployment, maintenance and handover of software products will continue to be areas of focus. Â Analysis management Â Supports Product Management and Development Lead in analysing customer requirements. If necessary; designs software solutions within own area of expertise as related to software components, modules and business processes. Â Â Â Experience and other requirements Â Mandatory requirements Â 4-6 years of application services and product development experience; as technical expert for a project with understanding of API design and development. Â GUI designing with HTML5, CSS3 (and associated layout management libraries such as Bootstrap) and UI development with JavaScript technologies such as jQuery, AngularJS. Â Familiarity with Kendo UI. Â Understanding of first principles for Single Page Application driven design. Â Should have knowledge about RESTful services and client-server architecture. Â Strong knowledge in CSS rules with respect to styling, CSS box model and DOM. Â Front-end skills and understanding of how back-end development works. Â Experience in TDD environment in any of JavaScript testing framework. Â Additional requirements (desirable) Â Exposure to ODATA specification is good to have. Â Exposure to less or sass is an added advantage. Â Understanding of development in version controlled environment such as TFS, SVN or Git. Â Photoshop knowledge will be optional. Â Database skills (SQL queries, SQL stored procedures etc.) Web API 2.0, WCF DS 4.4+ Â Education Â Â Engineering/ BCA from a reputed institute with a minimum of 70% aggregate or 7.0 CGPA is recommended. Any certification to enhance technical skills and understanding is desirable. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills hml css javascript developer ui development angular.js Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InEight India Private Limited. InEight is a leading provider of Products for the construction and engineering industry, offering a full suite of responsive, eight-dimensional, real-time data visualization tools that help connect all facets of construction and engineering operations. InEight's subsidiaries include et alia SAP business acquisition(a premier SAP Channel Partner), Hard Dollar Corporation( a leader in project cost management and estimating solutions), and Aeka Consulting Private Limited, a provider of innovative construction and engineering mobility solutions, now together as InEight Inc. provide end to end solutions to complex Engineering projects worldwide. With sales and development offices in the United States, India, and Norway. InEight is poised to become the industry standard for Estimation, Project Cost Control, and 3D integration of project design data to project execution data. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details