TITLE: Telecaller Manager - Startup jobs

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibility Research and Contact prospective clients, qualify leads and arrange suitable appointments for the Business Development Managers Call and maintain relationships with client. Contact data will come from our in house customer relationship management system, supplemented by external lists, but the candidate will also be expected to source their own leads. The candidate will also research prospective companies to obtain contact details and basic operating information. Key Tasks Qualify business leads in line with Floret target client criteria Manage accurate and detailed records of calls made and results achieved Manage team and their duties. Demonstrate a thorough understanding of our clients products and services and the objectives of specific campaigns Establish new relationships by researching, adding and developing new clients. Maintain existing client relationships, in particular, those which are not actively visited by field sales personnel Collate information on prospective clients, even where an appointment is not obtained Actively manage the client database to ensure information is accurate and kept up to date for direct mailing activities. Identify past prospects due for follow up calls Log all calls and monitor success rates Produce regular reports on activity levels Follow-up specific marketing campaigns Work with field business development manager to support them in achieving targets. Present Floret in an accurate and positive manner on the phone Send out company information to potential accounts when necessar Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Field Sales Business Development Management Marketing Campaigns Team Management Relationship Management CRM Customer Relationship Target Achievement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Essential Demonstrable success in telesales, telemarketing or tele-research roles including setting appointments for field sales colleagues Experienced in calling at director level in enterprise class organisations Effective in exposing prospects key business drivers and matching these to company capabilities Have sufficient analytical experience to complete research that identifies relevant information on prospective customers Commercially minded with experience of working to achieve targetsEducation: Any Graduate Company Profile: FLORET Media FLORET Media is promoted by a group of online experienced and expert marketing consultants. The entire team has 40+ years of cumulative work experience in their respective fields. It is one of the most successful Online Marketing Company with its head office in Bangalore and branches in Tirupur, Coimbatore & Chennai. Ever since Floret was founded in 2011, it has grown to serve hundreds of customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details