TITLE: AXA BS Hiring for Voice Process- Walkin-28th-29th March 2016

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this AXA BS is hiring for Voice process (insurance domain) Position - Associate No. of Positions - 8 Qualifications and skills: Good communication skills Good knowledge of MIS B.Com; Any Graduate ( No B.Tech) Shift Timings - Flexible(12 PM - 9 PM) Transportation provided Experience- 0-3 years into voice process Daily Walk in from - 10 AM-2 PM (4th April-15th April 2016) Venue- AXA Business Services Pvt. Ltd 1st & 2nd Floor, MFAR, Manyata Tech Park, Phase- IV, Rachenahalli Village, Nagawara, Bangalore. Regards, Puja (HR) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills voice process Inbound Calls Handling inbound process Outbound Calling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AXA Business Services Pvt Ltd Do you want to be challenged? Do you want to be empowered, trusted and supported to give your best? Then why not join a leading company whose mission is to protect its clients and whose success is based on solid growth and an ability to adapt and respond to changing customer demands? - Our office culture is welcoming, supportive, collaborative and flexible - We care for our people - We value their contribution and encourage them to take pride in what they can achieve - We believe that innovation is key to future success in today&amp;amp;amp;rsquo;s digital world and we encourage all our people to innovate in whatever they do Our business at AXA Business Services is to manage a diverse range of operations for our partners in the AXA Group, and our aim is to create additional value through innovation and a focus on delivery to the highest standards. Our Operations teams specialise in Property &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; Casualty, Life and Savings and Healthcare servicing and have an unrivalled sphere of knowledge and experience. Our Finance and Accounting function supports the making of key decisions based on financial results and also manages a wide range of accounting processes. Our Asset Management teams provide a comprehensive range of services spanning all asset classes. The services provided by our Actuarial, Business Intelligence and Analytics teams provide the ability to gain insights from data &amp;amp;amp;ndash; a critical part of business today. This enables faster and smarter decision making to tackle the most complex business issues. Does this sound like a place that you would like to work? Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details