TITLE: Lead-fraud Risk Ops and Return Management

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Risk Management Professionals seek to identify, analyse and document the risks associated with a companys business operations, as well as monitor the effectiveness of risk management processes and implement needed changes. The risk management department focuses attention on company-wide, operational, compliance, financial, technology and asset-related risks. He is also responsible for managing all aspects of product returns for reliance ecommerce retail customer base in line with reliance retails returns policies and procedures. Return requests/issues from customers can be ambiguous and complex and as a member of the team you are expected to complete root-cause analysis, liaise with the customer to resolve and deliver a high service for the program Key Responsibilities Responsible for performing various loss prevention inspections, audits, and investigations as required. Responsible for monitor compliance of company security and loss prevention policies and responding to any security or loss prevention issues noted. Responsible for developing and continuously leveraging close partnerships with key internal stakeholders to drive program success and support the companys payments & fraud investigation needs. Improve processes, delivering significant business impacts and contributions through improvement to quality, productivity, policy adherence and customer experience. Responsible for analyzing the key business levers to identify trends and proactively take action to improve efficiency and reduce time to detect issues, mitigate risk or fraud, and fulfill compliance requirements. Directly responsible for multiple functions and processes, consistently exercising discretion in tactical and strategic decisions. Responsible for delivering reporting and analytic related to returns quickly and efficiently in order to reduce Customer Impact drivers. Responsible for supporting the e-commerce logistics operations, focused on returns management, looking for trends, root cause and drivers of defects for our expanding assortment. This role will also work closely with Fulfillment Center, Transportation and Return Center partners in order to ensure an end to end view to minimize errors and streamline execution. Major focus area to decrease OPEX and increase profitability consequently. Educational Qualifications Please mention minimum grade/percentage, if over and above organizational guidelines, as well as names of institutes, if applicable) Graduate in any specialization MBA/PGDM - Finance, M.A - Economics, Statistics, M.Sc. Statistics. Years of Experience (minimum & maximum) 5+ years What are the nature and scope of responsibilities the candidate should have handled? (Indicate which criteria are mandatory) Building fraud engines to avoid misuse of policies and processes Knowledge & Skills (Indicate which criteria are mandatory) Strong Analytical and problem solving skills. Work experience in Supply Chain operations or an analytical role preferred (e.g. finance, operations, corporate analyst) Strong hands and knowledge on SQL. Skilled and structured in analytical thinking and strong at problem solving The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment Be responsible for comparative returns analysis. Improving business processes to increase productivity. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Fraud Finance Loss Prevention Customer Experience Business Operations policy abuse strategy abuse generalist abuse Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliance Industries Ltd Reliance Industries Limited is the largest private sector corporation in India with annual revenue of US$ 62.2 billion and net profit of US$ 3.8 billion. The Group's activities span hydrocarbon exploration and production, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, retail and telecommunications. Reliance Industries Ltd is India's first private sector company to feature in Fortune Global 500 list of 'World's Largest Corporations', currently ranking 114th in terms of revenue & 155th in terms of profit. RIL strives to be a product and service leader across its industries, a great work-place and above all, to create value for its stakeholders and society. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details