TITLE: Program Manager-applications and Infrastructure Architecture

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : The India/international Infrastructure leader would have responsibility for leading architecture and coordinate with regional IM, functional and corporate security teams for site infrastructure rollouts Essential Responsibilities: Â - Demonstrates accountability for functional, business, and broad company objectives. Integrates and develops processes that meet business needs across the organization. Involved in long-term planning. This role contributes to the overall strategy and manages complex issues within functional areas area of expertise - Provide organizational leadership in the planning, staffing, managing regional IT infrastructure projects - Lead IT infrastructure rollouts for factory, warehouse and service depots in remote locations in India and int'l sites - Drive operational excellence across all the regions i.e. end user computing services, compute/network Ops team to improve performance and availability of the Services across the platforms like voice & data network, server/storage across the regions. - Focus on supporting the business growth by improving & tailoring global corporate processes followed globally within GET/ other businesses to suit the Local needs, partnering with the business IM teams on their IT infrastructure requirements. - Works closely with various GGO CIO & corporate infrastructure leaders to come up with the strategy and execution plan on continuous improvement in IT Infrastructure and maturity model for support & services. - Build local teams & develop local talent with-in regions. - Work with global core tech leadership team to drive education and understanding on global standards & directions regarding technologies & operations. - Work with local facilities, business leadership & finance teams and manage budgets. - Drive Initiatives, synergies & cost-out in the Regions. Drive Simplification across the P&Ls. Leverage Best Practices from other regions/ businesses to build IT maturity for GE Transportation Business. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Program Management Infrastructure Architecture IT infrastructure planning budgeting execution leadership Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements:- Knowledge of current business function and information technologies- Ability to establish strategic direction and execute on a daily basis- Strong interpersonal and leadership skills- Strong oral and written communication skills- Ability to meet objectives by influencing and engaging across multiple teams- Quality and cost driven- Proficient in IT infrastructure planning, budgeting & execution- Willing to travel across intl sites, 20 to 30% across global locationsDesired Characteristics : - Knowledge of current business function and information technologies- Ability to establish strategic direction and execute on a daily basis- Strong interpersonal and leadership skills- Strong oral and written communication skills- Ability to meet objectives by influencing and engaging across multiple teams- Quality and cost driven- Proficient in IT infrastructure planning, budgeting & execution- Willing to travel across intl sites, 20 to 30% across global locations. Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details