TITLE: Regional Sales Manager - South

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We have an urgent Opening for the Position of Regional Sales Manager (RSM) - South. Designation:- Regional Sales Manager (RSM) Location:- Bangalore/ South. Experience:- 9 years to 20 years. Age limit:- 25 years to 45 years. Worked for an MNC in the food industry for minimum 3 years in the past 5 years. Qualification:- Graduate & Post -Graduate - MBA KRA:- *Achievement of the budgeted sales and respect of the expenses budget in the sub area (assigned region ) he/ she manages *Ensure the making up of strategic plans, based upon sound market intelligence, for the assigned region , aimed at growing Puratos' sales in a profitable way, leading to substantial share holder value growth, all in line with the Group Strategy and with respect for Group values and policy (which for region to be agreed upon, could be to establish Puratos' presence as a supplier towards the Bakery, Confectionery and Chocolatier sectors) Job Role & Responsibilities. *Formulate, propose and help implement long and short-range plans, policies and programs for the area in line with the group policy and strategic vision. *Make and achieve sales budgets, follow-up on sales numbers and payments, ensure proper handling of complaints and claims. *Daily sales management (from prospection to concluding) & marketing support of the independent distributors, in the assigned areas, such as North/ East/West/ South India and or of final customers *Make and follow-up a marketing plan- including demonstrator and technical support and exhibitions - for the cities and distributors assigned *Regularly travel in the area (est. 50 % of time) in order to develop the Puratos sales and implement the agreed Strategy. *Make, follow-up and respect expense budgets *Liaise with all required departments within Puratos India HQ and with staff for relevant matters (various local technical assistance or sourcing of specific products e.g.), and ensure a proper information flow and follow-up. *Ensure Market & competitive intelligence of the region assigned *Map and monitor competitors in the region *Customer Data Base : ensure region wide implementation, follow-up exercise; analyses on segments & formulate recommendations on strategy to the National Sales Manager. *Set-up and keep up-to-date a customs tariffs overview (matrix) from & to all cities in the region. *Support of the National Sales Manager on specific ad-hoc questions, projects, analyses, preparation of strategic meetings *Search, analyse and propose merger and acquisition growth opportunities in accordance with corporate objectives and plans, and support their investigations, evaluations, negotiations and integration. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Food Processing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills Regional sales RSM Zonal Sales Area sales Territory sales Business Development ZSM TSM ASM zonal regional B2B Desired Candidate Profile Skills Required:-*Commercial experience in Southern regions *Good communication skills; commercial personality & negotiation skills*Tough ; strong determination to achieve results and grow sales*Open minded*Willing to travel 40-50% of the time. *Good analytical skills and able to work in a structured and planned way*Excellent English language; knowledge of any regional languages are an asset*Very knowledgeable with PC( excel; powerpoint; outlook; internet Explorer) and able to learn other systems (ERP system- datawarehouse.Desirables:-Worked in the QSR industry / Supermarket / Retail Technical food qualification / experience. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Puratos Food Ingredients India Pvt Ltd Supplier of ingredients for the bakery, confectionery, ice-cream and catering industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details