TITLE: Required Subject Matter Expert (part Time)

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We are in the process of hiring part time Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) for below mentioned subjects: Statistics and Probability Accountancy Finance Job Responsibilities involves answering the questions provided, following the defined guidelines. Educational Qualification: Graduation/Post Graduation from a reputed university is must. Experience: 0-2 years of relevant experience in the same kind of profile will be an advantage. Candidate who can join ASAP will be given preference. Compensation: Question based. Job Type: Part time/home based/freelancing If interested, please apply with the below mentioned details along with your updated CV on anshika.singh@triviumedu.com Details required:- Total Experience Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Also please mention the subject of the mail as "Application for the post of SME - (Name of the subject applied)". CVs without the name of the applied subject will not be entertained. Regards, Garima Mukhija Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 4,75,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills Freelancing Part Time Subject Matter Expertise SME Tutor teaching teacher lecturer professor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Statistics PG:CA, CS, ICWA(CMA), M.Com - Commerce, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Statistics Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trivium Education Services (P) Limited We take this opportunity to introduce our organization Trivium Education Services Private Ltd (part of The Manya Group, Indian Partner of The Princeton Review). Trivium Education Services is an education outsourcing company. Our Services Include Online Tutoring, Online Assessments, Online grading and Content development for the US Market. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details