TITLE: UX Designer - Startup

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The User Experience (UX) Design Producer shepherds projects through the design process by coordinating the work of UX Designers, Researchers, and Engineers. In this role, youll combine expert project management skills with a passion for user experience to help your team design how billions of users interact with our products. Youll work cross-functionally and collaborate with managers, designers and engineering teams to plan projects, define milestones, assign resources, assess risks, and help projects meet deadlines. As a Design Producer, you will also manage all project-related communications to team members, leaders and other stakeholders. This job requires you to be an expert juggler, a master planner and a flexible project manager who can balance multiple projects that often span continents. Responsibilities Collaborate with and support UX team leads in delivering the highest level of trust-building and strategic counsel through all project interactions. Act as a bridge between UX, Engineering, and Product Management (PM) teams, connecting all three groups and making sure interdependencies are understood and planned for. Identify team needs with regards to process, tools, documentation, and asset management, driving required changes to make sure designers are working at optimum efficiency. Lead or collaborate with UX team leadership in key project decision-making, including: requirements gathering, scheduling, resource allocation, and coordination of teams and approval processes. Provide clear communication to cross-functional team leads and senior management regarding project status, resource requirements, issues, and priorities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills UX Designer design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Minimum Qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience managing interactive, design, or creative projects (mobile experience).Preferred Qualifications 5 years of relevant work experience working within engineering organizations, e.g. working with front-end engineers and keeping them updated on the latest designs and assets. Strong familiarity with design tools, graphic formats and user interface technologies. Thorough knowledge of user centered design processes and iterative development processes. Working knowledge of project management software and proficient with spreadsheet software and Google Docs. Proven ability to multitask, analyze opportunities, define successful approaches, and proactively solve problems. Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details