TITLE: Immediate Openings for AR Callers @ Vee Technologies

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description - Should have been in AR calling for at least 0- 1 year -Good knowledge in Healthcare concept. - Knowledge on Denial management. - Decent US accent with good communication skills. - Understand the client requirements and specifications of the project - Ensure that the deliverable to the client adhere to the quality standards. - Must be spontaneous and have high energy level. - Must be familiarizing in global action - Knowledge on various report generation. Should be able to convince the Insurance Company for payment of their outstanding claims. Job Location:Â Â Bangalore Designation : AR Caller Experience :Â 0-1 Yr Immediate joiners are more preferable. Regards, Bharat Kumar 7022032458 E-Mail : bharat.s@veetechnologies.com Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills AR Calling Healthcare Communication Skills Report Generation AR Executive Sr AR caller Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vee Technologies Vee Technologies Vee Technologies a Sona Group Company has been operating in the BPO space for in various domains like Insurance, Healthcare, Logistics, Engineering Services, Finance & Accounts and News tracking successfully for the last 14 years. The Sona Valliappa Group owns and runs a group of educational institutions like the Sona College of Technology, Sona School of Management and Thiagarajar Polytechnic. The Valliappa Software Technological Park is a pioneer in the infrastructure and incubation services. We work with major physician groups, billing companies and hospitals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details