TITLE: Software Engineer (ad-portal) (m/f) for Applift

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we do We're here to solve a problem faced by all mobile app marketers: how to find the best possible users for their apps at the best possible price. By connecting mobile app marketers with over a billion users worldwide through our performance-focused technology, we enable them to acquire just the ones that will help them to achieve their business goals. Your Responsibilities You need to have good hands onÂ experience in Developing Ruby on Rails Web Applications. You have an understanding the nature of asynchronous programming and its quirks and work aroundstc. You have an understanding of accessibility and security compliance. You need good understanding on user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments. You need goodÂ knowledge on Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system. You have an understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application. You have an understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs. desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform. You create database schemas that represent and support business processes. You implement automated testing platforms and unit tests. You are proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. You have experience in Agile development and open source projects is preferred You have basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as HTML5, and CSS3 Our Requirements You have at-leastÂ 6+ years working on Backend / Front-end Web Technologies You have hands on expertise in core PHP & MVC frameworks. Familiarity with NodeJs, AngularJs You haveÂ good working knowledge of databases (MySQL or other relational database) You haveÂ experience in using Unit Test Frameworks such. You have e xperience in designing, consuming, and implementing RESTful services. You haveÂ passion for writing re-usable code that empowers other developers to work faster and smarter You haveÂ good understanding that testing is part of your deliverables and a benefit to the company and team You haveÂ good knowledge of version control, such as git and the git-flow methodology. What do we offer The opportunity to get out of the day-to-day work routine to joinÂ AppLift Labs Â in San Francisco to shape new product initiatives with colleagues from all AppLift offices Stay on top of current industry trends and join tech conferences and meet-ups all around the globe Build products that will change mobile advertising and handle 50 billion requests per day We provide a framework that will help you to constantly improve your coding skills through e-learning, on-the-job training, mentoring, and coaching sessions You can obviously choose your own equipment and the best tools to get the job done Enjoy a competitive salary package and benefit from a tailored career development path Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Ruby on Rails Ruby Web Applications MySQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AppLift India Technologies Pvt Ltd. We're here to solve a problem faced by all mobile app marketers: how to find the best possible users for their apps at the best possible price. By connecting mobile app marketers with over a billion users worldwide through our performance-focused technology, we enable them to acquire just the ones that will help them to achieve their business goals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details