TITLE: Big data Developers - Urgent Opening with Teksystems

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this BIG DATA developer (HADOOP OR VERTICA) Job Location: Bangalore. Client: Product based MNC Notice Period: Immediate joiners or Max of 15days. Experience : 5+ Years Work location- GRTP, Whitefield, Bangalore Work Timings: Dayshift Looking For- Min 1+ year experience with SPARK / SOLR Secondary skills- Experience on statistical TOOL R (or any other tool) it provides a frame for statistical analysis. Experience on Programming language - Python or SCALA Duties (PRECISE) Working on internal tool project to be used worldwide Developing new tools Data structuring of big data Natural lang processing(NSB) Its a like a huge database existing & data churning. Rounds of Interviews- 1 Telephonic & 2 F2F rounds of interviews. About TEKsystems: TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $16 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the worlds largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world. Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations. In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazines 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014. Please visit - www.teksystems.com ; www.allegisgroup.com, for more information. Salary:INR 7,50,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills big data hadoop BIG DATA DEVELOPER sr. big data developer big data programmer sr. big data programmer big data consultant hadoop consultant spark hadoop developer senior big data programmer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $16 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details