TITLE: General Manager - An American Company

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ARC Document Solutions, formerly known as American Reprographics Company is hiring for General Managerial position for the Bangalore unit. Candidates adept in managing all the functional departments of Bangalore business will be directly reporting to the Director of South Region business. Position: General Manager Salary Offered: Not a hindrance for an outstanding candidate Location of work : Bangalore Required Skills: - Proven track record of minimum 5 years experience of ensuring proper management of Operations/Administration/Sales operations etc (Between 5-20 years can apply) - Any sector/industry active experience can apply who have similar experience in their career - Ability to manage and work independently as a single point of contact for south-region business - Result-oriented approach in work, problem-solving, analytical skills and decision making ability required - Excellent communication, writing, business communication and self-carrying skills required - Minimum Qualification required is MBA (Any stream) Roles & Responsibilities: - Increases management's effectiveness by selecting, orienting, coaching, counceling all the line managers ; Assigning accountabilities, planning, monitoring, decision making and appraising job results. - Accomplishes objectives by establishing plans, budgets and result measurements, allocating resources, reviewing progress, making mid-course corrections and achieving desired results. - Design implement filing systems, establish and monitor procedures for record-keeping. - Prepare and analyze operational reports to ensure efficiency. - Manage internal staff relations - Plan office layouts, designs, maintain a secure and safe working environment. - Direct and coordinate activities of departments concerned with the production, pricing, sales, inventory planning, customer service, credit terms, client management and ensuring general office management. Interested and qualified Candidates Can send their resume on admin@arcindiadigital.com or directly call on 09538883144 . If you choose to send your resume on email, after scrutinizing round you will be called for the face-to-face round within one week of application. Salary:INR Performance Based Incentive plus Bonus Industry: Printing / Packaging Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills General Management business head Office Management Operations Management Operations Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: American Reprographics Company American Reprographics Company India Pvt. Ltd. is a 100% subsidiary company of American Reprographics Company, USA, also functioning as its software development arm, working in the development of various products of ARC. American Reprographics Company is a public limited Company in USA, with the ticker symbol "ARP", enlisted in New York Stock Exchange, having more than 7500 employees, with revenue of 800 million dollars, located in more than 350 locations. ARC is the largest reprographics company in the world, providing sophisticated document management services to the architectural, engineering & construction industry, as well as to other industries that require sophisticated document management services. The Company provides its core services through a proprietary suite of construction related technology products, a nationwide network of locally branded reprographics service centers, and more than 2200 facilities management programs at customers' locations throughout the country. Service centers are digitally connected as cohesive network, allowing the company to provide its services to more than 65000 active customers both locally and nationally. Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, the Plan Well Technology Centre is home to our software development group, networking systems, remote databases and technical support teams. ARC recently started another technology centre in Kolkata, India, for developing its various software products, and providing various support & technical services to ARC, USA. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details