TITLE: Engineer/ Technologist

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Successful candidate will be a part of Drives & Structures team in the Renewables Engineering CoE. The role offers design, analysis, supplier qualification, testing and hardware ownership opportunity focusing on mechanical components of 1.x /2.x/MMW Wind Turbines Essential Responsibilities Execute the projects pertaining to new products, technology, processes and field issues. Perform design/analysis of mechanical components including sub-systems and develop detailed documentation. Collaborate with global teams on mechanical components related projects. Focus on building / leveraging required domain expertise for solving all structures related problems Ensure compliance to all GE wind turbine process requirements & also with internal Quality systems Requirements Masters (Civil/Mechanical/Aerospace) with minimum 1-2 yrs. experience in design & analysis of structural components. Hands on experience on Unigraphics Nx2 /Ansys Plan and execute multiple projects with On-time Delivery and maintain Quality . Strong engineering fundamentals including FEA, attention to detail, good understanding of drawings, familiarity with GD&T, design calculations, component & system design and validation techniques. Sound knowledge on structural mechanics/fatigue/fracture mechanics/vibrations Good understanding on manufacturing processes e.g casting, fabrication etc. and the tools/fixtures associated with them Desired Characteristics Experience on power generation products Exposure to Product Life Cycle Management processes & tools, hardware ownership Excellent communications skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Product Development Executive Keyskills Design Validation Ansys Fatigue FEA Fracture Mechanics Design Analysis Design Calculations Power Generation Quality Systems Life Cycle Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details