TITLE: Data Scientist Partners for Start-up

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are a start-up with an ambition to bring a disruption in analytics industry. We intend to make available the pre-built industry specific analytics models on-demand to any size of the organization. We leverage an open source machine learning platform that unifies in-memory big data, data pipeline, machine learning and big data APIs. As we focus on industry solution, we look forward one partner per industry . For the time being, our industry focus is limited to Energy (including renewable), Utilities, Telecom & Industrial Products . We don't demand full-time involvement as long as you support the schedule & plan. Unless you have the urge to do something bigger, you are not fit for this. Compensation for this role will be purely equity based. Salary or other monetary compensation will be considered upon revenue generation or a significant funding event, but is not currently available. You will work with founders and would shine on the top-line leadership. Though not limited, the job description is as given below: 1. Work in a multi-disciplined team where you will take full ownership of turning discoveries and ideas into machine learning models for your allocated industry 2. It is expected you already bring up 5 to 10 analytics model aligned to your industry which can be leveraged immediately 3. Should have very strong hands-on exposure into Machine Learning, Analytics, Big Data, Java, Python, R, Spark & Hadoop etc. 4. Should be able to develop model with quickest turn-around time given the requirement 5. Must have 5 years of hands-on experience on machine learning and should be doing designing and coding now 6. Must have good exposure around the Industry segments 7. Should have the interest to learn new technology and do experiment 8. Should be able to collaborate with customer in identifying the requirement and developing the solution quickly 9. Must be a good trainer to enable junior resource to come up to speed quickly 10. Should be a good team player We are a performance based company and we will evaluate performance each quarter. While applying, please mention the industry you should be considered for. We work on virtually, right candidate from any part of India or abroad is welcome. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM - Analytics & BI Keyskills Machine Learning Open Source Industrial Products startup cofounder analytics predictive analytics predictive modeling E&U Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iPredict A Startup on Analytics Space Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details