TITLE: Manager / Sr.executive / Executive - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying and targeting new customers with new sales opportunities. Initiating action plans to approach and securing new businesses for the Division. Contributing to the achievement of revenue and unit sales and customer engagement through effective sales process management. Increasing customer retention and sales development strategy. Developing and maintaining a strong working relationship with the key consultants and contractors within the construction industry. Managing customer requirements for on-time delivery taking into account lead-times, product specification changes and customer demand. Managing every element of the sales process on an individual level. Remaining abreast with latest regulations, standards and good working practices within the industry in relation to Elevators. Preferred candidate - Elevator Industry. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Salary + Incentives Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Executive Activities Sales Development Sales Process Customer Retention Customer Management Customer Engagement Business Development Sales & Marketing Product Sales Product Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Escon Elevators Pvt. Ltd. ESCON is an ISO 9001 - 2008 Certified Company for Design, Manufacturing of Quality products and safety standards as per IS 14665. We have Got NSIC CRISIL PERFORMANCE AND CREDIT RATING-SE1B which indicates Highest Performance Capability and moderate financial strength. ESCON has completed 25 years and continue integration of advanced technologies through innovation and service. ESCON Elevator is one of the fastest growing company and leading manufacturer of Elevators and Escalators. ESCON produces various kinds of elevators and escalators which integrates full fledged Research and Development, Production, Manufacturing, Testing and Quality assurance, Installation, Modernisation, Maintenance and aftersales service are under one roof in a professional way. The sales network covers all large and medium cities in India. ESCON learned a lot of details in line of business which helped to develop a variety of products which could compete with the products offered by the indigenous and multinational companies. During this period, we installed many elevators at various locations including Government bodies as well as private enterprises in India and abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details