TITLE: Java Applications Developer - RFT - Interview on 2 April - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This developer role shall be part of a team working on the strategic build up of the future state reference data technology platform for the various lines of businesses. We are looking for an individual who will be responsible for the delivery of an integrated end-to-end client on-boarding platform with the following functions: Facilitate business process re-engineering Support creation and maintenance of client records through the seamless integration with the firm's reference data systems Reduce dual keying through integration with upstream (CRM) and downstream systems Provide a document management solution that makes it easier to capture, track and locate client documentation Streamline KYC due diligence and approval process by providing a single tool to implement standard policy and a all KYC workflow activities Provide a full view of the client on-boarding status Strategic MIS Reporting that provides full transparency to the end-to-end on-boarding process Provide high quality technology solutions that address business needs by developing applications within mature technology environments. Utilize mature (3rd or 4th Generation) programming methodologies and languages and adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation. Participate in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed IT solution. Participate in design reviews and provide input to the design recommendations; incorporate security requirements into design; and provide input to information/ data flow, and understand and comply to Project Life Cycle Methodology in all planning steps. Adhere to IT Control Policies throughout design, development and testing and incorporate Corporate Architectural Standards into application design specifications. Additionally, document the detailed application specifications, translate technical requirements into programmed application modules and develop/ Enhance software application modules. Participate in code reviews and ensure that all solutions are aligned to pre-defined architectural specifications; identify/ troubleshoot application code-related issues; and review and provide feedback to the final user documentation. Support production environments. Key Responsibilities Design and Development of key/ critical modules within the application Carry out design reviews/ code reviews at agreed points throughout the project life cycle Work closely with the vendor development team to monitor the design/ development undertaken by them Work closely with Architects and Core Platform Engineering teams to deliver strategic solutions Input/ review into the Technical Design phases of all projects Work in the strategic Client Onboarding Lifecycle Tool (COLT ) Hands on design and development of technical artefacts Participate in technical reviews, define/ Improve processes on configuration management, deployment and resiliency planning for the application. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills crm development tools investment banking coding document management project planning fixed income fx flex Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details