TITLE: Tacit- PT It-business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this General Position Definition The Business Analyst/Developer will play an instrumental role in driving the awareness and usage of standard processes within Projects & Technology and Global Functions, under the supervision of the India Business Applications Lead. The role will involve working closely with business interface, business analysts, developers, PM's and SOM to ensure the processes are lean with a Continuous Improvement mindset. The role needs to ensure that PT IT is aligned with global processes. Key Accountabilities and Responsibilities Work on assigned projects to bring valuable business domain, technical and application knowledge. Engage with Business Interface and business stakeholders to discuss requests and analyze business requirements. Prioritize requirements based on business value, cost, and urgency. Validate and obtain requirements sign off from business (Shell stakeholders including functional assurance). This includes the documentation of Business & Functional Requirement Specification, support Usability and Interaction Design, working with architects, infrastructure, installing databases and applications, load balancing, working with risk management and supportability and transition. Acquire required the appropriate approvals by following the IT Change and Release processes. Works very closely with other teams to deliver technical solutions in support of Information Management standards and best practices and adhere to the standards for .NET, SharePoint, Livelink, Spotfire, and other development and information management tools. Understand why certain decisions which affect the application design/configuration were taken in the past and has a feel for Shells overall business direction and steers application changes appropriately. Work closely with third party supplier(s) to ensure detailed design work is completed in a satisfactory manner and that the revised application performs within acceptable limits. Assess Service Level basics / boundaries, align with Supportability & Transition focal point and support groups on transition to support. Provide input for Operational Cost Estimate Toolkit. Support the training and user support approach, including documentation. Validate / align deployment procedures. Lead the testing cycle (document Test Strategy and Plan, create Test Cases, conduct Acceptance Testing with business and finally obtain Acceptance sign off from business) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills sap javascript xml wcf design patterns configuration pm mvc active directory agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience and Qualifications Education University/bachelors degree in Information Technology/Engineering/Scientist or MBA Relevant Experience Total years of experience: 3 years to 5 years Experience with process design and creation of communication materials in powerpoint and excel required Experience with Agile way of working, such as Scrum software development framework. Excellent Organizational and Planning skills Expertise in specific BA techniques, tools or business areas. Proficient in the majority of the BA knowledge areas. Prior experience in IT, HR or oil and gas a plus Skills Able to link technical solutions with business strategy when working with business partners Is able to plan and schedule own work competently for short term assignments Exhibits customer first behaviors with an emphasis on quality and operational efficiency Ability to gather requirements and shape new solutions with minimal amount of clarity-should be willing to work with uncertainty and incomplete information. Skilled in adaptive methodologies such as DSDM, Scrum and XP Familiar with the Software Development Life Cycle Understand the large and complex technical landscape Displays Inter-Personal Effectiveness: build effective and positive relationships that are open and respectful of personal and cultural differences, and work collaboratively with colleagues of different points of view Stakeholder Management: understand, work efficiently and communicate effectively within a complex organisation with multiple stakeholders Proactive, self-motivated, takes initiative, and requires minimal supervision Knowledge of development tools and methodologies.Know how databases and SQL queries are used but for SharePoint queries these days you need to know CAML.Knowledge of PowerShell in combination with SharePoint.For integration and exchange this person needs to know XML, JSON, RESTFUL API and WCF.Ask for experience with Business Connectivity Services in SharePoint . This is used to integrate the data model of other business applications like SAP. It shows the level of experienced some one has even if we will not use the technique.Experience using Active Directory groups for security. This is a helpful experience even if not possible in our cloud environment.A true web developer knows about design patterns like MVP (Model-View-Presenter), MVC (Model-View-Controller). If familiar with user interface development and JavaScript the person will be familiar with Angular, Knockout, Bootstrap in combination with JS and SharePointExperience with development environment like TFS (Team Foundation Server), deployment of solution packages (WSP files), SharePoint Designer, Visual Studio, test tools and methodologies (Pex and Moles) Ability to work effectively and manage relationships with senior Business leaders, peers and subordinates, in a virtual, geographically dispersed and cross cultural environment Special Considerations This role may include up to 5% of travel. The successful candidate must be able to obtain business travel visas to Europe and North America. Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details