TITLE: Business Development / Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Below are the detailed JD's. For more information kindly contact Mr. Sriram - 9848967446 Terms and Conditions: BDM: Roles and Responsibilities: 1. Thorough knowledge on all the products offered by Manhattan Review with good communication skills and customer handling skills 2. Target oriented and should have complete knowledge of colleges, corresponding TPOs 3. Responsible for getting tie-ups and Brand building 4. Designing business models with detailed orientation on sales operations, routes and sales journey maps for teams. 5. New product development programs and conducting surveys and market research. 6. Responsible for delivering seminars PAN India 7. Responsible for enquiry generation by conducting seminars and spreading the word of mouth 8. Responsible for making events successful, center wise and city wise 9. Knowledge about local market and upcountry as well 10. Ready to travel local and out stations for business promotion. Job Card: 1. To interact with all centers on activities happened day before and activities planned to execute today 2. To check with BDEs on events happened day before and events planned for today 3. To evaluate day wise performances of all the Business development team members 4. Increasing the footfalls at the centers to generate revenue day wise 5. Regular center interactions on business promotional activities 6. Daily reporting to the reporting in charge at the COB 7. To send daily report by COB 8. Client follow-ups on a day to day basis 9. Knowledge transfer to his/her reporting team 10. Branch level meetings Center Manager Roles and Responsibilities: 1. Thorough knowledge on all the products offered by Manhattan Review 2. Responsible for achieving monthly targets consistently (Month wise) 3. Responsible for overall branch operations 4. Responsible for branch level marketing activities execution in link with executive 5. Responsible for marketing expenditure allocation 6. Branch level meetings and team building exercises 7. Responsible for enquiry generation 8. Responsible for enquiry to enrollment conversion (High % of conversion) 9. Responsible for counselors performance (enquiry handling, sales conversion and revenue generation) 10. Responsible for the team performance, branch audits and file management (Batch files and all the mandatory registers ) 11. Responsible for effective MIS reporting 12. Responsible for day wise collection transfer to H.O 13. Responsible for center ambience 14. Responsible of students satisfaction (Feedback) 15. Coordinating with higher authorities Job Card: 1. Meeting with sales and marketing team in the first hours to know about business and activities planned for the day 2. Road map to marketing executive on days activity 3. To look at walk-in status of yesterday 4. Focus on expected revenue figure for the day 5. Monitoring the batch plan and the students attendance 6. Regular INTERNAL Updates 7. Monitoring tele enquiries to tele walk-in conversions and tele-callers lead conversion 8. File management (Updating all the registers) 9. Responsible for branch operations 10. Accepting the responsibility of a seniors manager in his/her absence 11. Submitting daily accounting report (DAR) 12. Coordinating with City head and adhering to the plans. 13. Giving constructive criticisms on the functioning of the Counselor, Marketing Executive, Asst. Manager and the Marketing manager For more details of the company kindly visit our website www.indiamr.com Salary:INR "best in the Industry" Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development Counselling counselor counsellor Branch Manager Center Manager Student Advisor Area Sales Zonal Sales Territory Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing, Other Management Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manhattan Review India GMAT, GRE, SAT, TOEFL and IELTS preparation might appear too difficult for you. In fact, it is not. These tests are deceptively tough. Well, is there a means of securing an optimum score in the GMAT, GRE, SAT, TOEFL and IELTS? Yes, there is. Did you know these tests are designed according to certain patterned standards? You might not! GMAT, GRE, SAT, TOEFL and IELTS tests are not set in a random manner. Then, how are they done? How can you crack these tests with ease? Manhattan Review, has the answers for the above questions! The New York-based test preparation company will make these seemingly herculean tests easy for you! We have produced amazing results in GMAT, GRE, SAT, TOEFL and IELTS across the world. At Manhattan Review, you will find certified faculty members, excellent practice material and state-of-the-art infrastructure. Student-friendly trainers and sophisticated classrooms and labs will give you a congenial learning experience. Manhattan Review, India offers University Admissions counseling services for students seeking admissions to coveted educational institutions such as Wharton, Columbia etc. The operations in Hyderabad, India have a proven track record of assisting students to get admissions to the top universities across the world. We are the first test preparation company to have delivered a 780 on the GMAT in Hyderabad, India in the last 5 years. We are so far ahead of our competitors when we compare the number of 700+ scores we have produced on the GMAT that we cannot see the next best company that is behind us. Anyone can help a student secure an admission into a tier-3 business school, but only the best can help its students gain admission into the Ivy League business schools. Specifically, we have helped our students gain admission into Harvard business school, London Business School and Wharton, to name a few, and numerous admissions into ISB. We take pride in our success. We deliver what we promise. We are the first company to have started the ISB scholarship program and also the first company to disburse the promised scholarship amounts to the students who qualify. We have been, are and will continue to be the leaders in this industry and we will constantly strive to stay on the edge by providing students with the up-to-date material, and well-trained and certified trainers to ensure that they get the best in the industry. Our passion to deliver high quality results continues to drive us and we will continue to help the students get top scores and gain admission into the top schools across the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details