TITLE: Project Coordinator/project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Jobseeker, We have a very good opportunity with our clients for the position of Project Manager/Project Coordinator. Kindly find the Job Description below: Work Location:Banglore Skills: Plans, directs, and co-ordinates the teams activities to manage and implement project and/or interrelated projects from contract/proposal initiation to final operational stage. Determines, monitors, and reviews all project economics to include costs, operational budgets, staffing requirements, resources, and risk. Leads the project team in determining client requirements and translating requirements into operational plans. Identifies and assembles the appropriate blend of resources to meet project needs and requirements; manages sub-contractors. Plans, schedules, monitors and reports on activities related to the project. Develops project control and reporting procedures and manages changes in operational plan. Undertakes status review meetings among project team members and clients. Works with management on project proposals, bids, contracts, estimates, and schedules. Coaches and advises team members to accomplish project goals, to meet established schedules, and resolve technical/operational issues. Proactively influences customers to apply project-planning methodologies. Ensures adherence to legally binding requirements. Controls project requirements, scope, and change management issues. Establishes appropriate metrics for measuring key project criteria. Develops, proposes, and negotiates project proposals, quotations, and add-ons to leadership and the client. Analyses needs and recommends appropriate planning concepts and tools to be used for all facets of planning, scheduling, and tracking projects. Analyses project progress/costs and facilitate the development of recommended alternatives. Integrates and uses Project Management methodologies. Creates communication plans, ensuring that appropriate information is exchanged among key stakeholders. Advises senior management on Project Management capability and risk. Maintains awareness on emerging technologies and Project Management techniques. As far as business hours, the team will work on Eastern Time zone, which is GMT-5, from 8am till 5pm, from Mondays through Fridays, following the U.S. calendar of holidays. Hours could vary depending upon client needs, Interested candidates can contact below mentioned number and emailid Contact::8066560296 Emailid:subhashree.patnaik Â @ careernet.co.in Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Project Coordination project co - ordinator project management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Hiring is done for permanent position with our client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details