TITLE: Tacit- pt IT- Information Management Delivery Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this General Position Definition The Information Management Delivery Lead will: 1) Support Project Managers in delivering P&T IT - Information Management Projects and 2) Oversee/support a team of Business Analysts, Developers, and Application Portfolio Management that deliver e2e IM solutions. The successful candidate will be the primary interface between Bangalore IT Hub and other IT Hubs (NL & U.S.) and will be accountable for recruitment and onboarding of Shell Bangalore staff into the team.Â Key Accountabilities and Responsibilities Â The accountability includes management and provision of Top Quartile Application/Workflow Support; project delivery and improvement activities; ensuring a seamless fit between process, training, and solutions; the exploitation and realization of application and information management investments with close alignment/direction of the business interface organisation. Ensuring the provision of resources and application development capability to meet the requirements of the IT programme Developing and maintaining a strong skill pool and process, data and tools knowledge base related to the global application portfolio. Potentially growing hybrids through close collaboration with the business Provision of top quartile 3rd level Application Support to service levels agreed with the Business, managing internal and 3rd party relationships to ensure end to end delivery of service Driving improvement of business KPIs or realising business benefits by continuously looking for and implementing improvement opportunities in the solutions, processes, people skills and tools related to the global application portfolio, while working closely with the business interface organisation for direction and funding Together with the business interface organisation, ensuring and improving usage of the application portfolio through e.g. providing business embedding services, providing deployment capabilities, where agreed with the business process support, etc In association with support, ensure the stability, integrity and performance of the Application operational environments and the realisation of identified improvement opportunities and requirements Ensuring seamless integration with support and business interface organisations to facilitate end to end delivery of services to the Business Ensuring the successful delivery of global and local SOX assurance or other compliance processes not already covered by the support organization Line management of an Application Delivery team Provide effective leadership to project team ensuring team members are motivated and developing their skills and experience. Measure and monitor progress at clearly defined points in the process to ensure that the project is delivered on time, within budget, and that it meets or exceeds expectations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills project management application support application development workflow agile pmp ba six sigma recruitment computer science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience and QualificationsÂ EducationÂ Educated to a degree level with holding a master's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Management of Information Systems, Project Management, or another related fieldÂ Relevant ExperienceÂ 1. Total years of IT experience: 15 yearsÂ 2. Minimum of 10 years experience in IT Management or Project Management, with demonstrated competence in leading and developing small but diverse teams, in the provision of IT development, deployment and service deliveryÂ 3. Has managed projects in the size of Budget $500K to $10M Team size 5-30 FTEs Risk profile of medium to high risk Overall project impact 200 individualsÂ 4. Experienced in line management of other IT BAs, PMs, developers or testersÂ 5. Expertise in specific BA techniques, tools or business areas. Proficient in the majority of the BA knowledge areas.Â 6. Able to conduct a structured assessment of a business process, including purpose and scope, and able relate a process design to an application, organisational or strategic context 6, Understands and can apply process improvement tools (such as LEAN or Six Sigma) to the processes one is involved inÂ 7. Conducts an assessment of the ""as-is"" process and establish requirements for the ""to-be"" processÂ 8. Commits to fully comply with and adhere to all Shell IT standards and processes like Operate by Design, PDF, IRM, Architecture, Finance, HR, Legal and PMO standards and processes.Â 9. Experienced at Balancing scope, schedule, budget, quality, and risks. Making adjustments as necessary. Managing change requests and escalating accordinglyÂ 10 Certified in Project Management (PMP, Prince, Agile etc)Â 11. Knowledge of agile project delivery, experience applying is preferred. (SCRUM Master certified preferred or planned to achieve in 2016.)Â 12. Previous experience with leading and/or signficantly contributing to Microsoft SharePoint enhancement solution projects preferred.Â 13. Knowledge of information management in line with the end-to-end information lifecyle preferred.Â SkillsÂ Exhibits customer first behaviors with an emphasis on quality and operational efficiencyÂ Ability to gather requirements and shape new solutions with minimal amount of clarity-should be willing to work with uncertainty and incomplete information. Able to understand the large and complex technical landscapeÂ Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. Assignments frequently involve working on virtual and cross-border projects.Â Strong team-working skills and the ability to work successfully in multi-cultural teams are very important Support to consistently demonstrate Top Quartile excellence in delivery.Â Proactive, self-motivated, takes initiative, and requires minimal supervision Ability to work effectively and manage relationships with senior Business leaders, peers and subordinates, in a virtual, geographically dispersed and cross cultural environment Special ConsiderationsÂ This role will include up to 5% of travel. The successful candidate must be able to obtain business travel visas to Europe and North America. Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details