TITLE: Presales/ Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "Essential: Direct experience in working with clients on Solutions Architecting / Presales Excellent communication skills Excellent presentation skills Understanding of Infrastructure Management Services and the respective market Must understand ITIL Process, and have an appreciation for bleeding edge of technology in Infrastructure Management Should have Presales Experience / Solutions Architecting Exposure Should understand typical delivery models such as Remote Services, Hybrid Services, difference between Service Selling and People Selling (Staff Augmentation) Must understand leveraged sales function and provide requisite support to BDMs and AMs from specific Industry Groups (namely: BFSI: Banking and Financial Services, RCM: Retail, CPG and Manufacturing, TMS - Technology and Media Services, and TH: Travel and Hospitality) Key responsibilities: Responsible for prospecting, qualifying, proposing, negotiating, and closing IMS services opportunities. This includes pursuit management, deal strategy, deal structuring and story boarding, solutions architecting Working closely with vertical BDMs, AMs and Presales Team Pricing Model and Contracting Deep understanding of industry trends, concepts, opportunities, threats & constraints Farm existing accounts of Mindtree to grow IMS revenue Contribute in the acquisition of new logos Contribute to the growth of IMTS revenue by 30% CAGR per annum Solution design & development Build credible and lasting relationships with prospects and customers for repeat business. Tasks and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Delivering sales revenue at least equal to assigned quota quarterly. Accurately forecast business deals to be closed. Maintain contact and opportunity information completely, accurately and in a timely manner. Prospect to establish new accounts or extend business in existing accounts. Attend and represent various business and industry meetings and trade shows. Have a comprehensive channel strategy/multipoint lead generation. Leverage all available networks and alliances to uncover additional sales opportunities. Set customer expectations consistent with Mindtree service offerings and delivery potential. Qualities to lead people, assign sales targets and manage competency development. Ability to conduct due-diligence, provide roadmap and strategy for IT Operations and Transformations" Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Solution Design Presales Competency Development ITIL Process Design Development IT Operations Hybrid Services Transformations Solution Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Inventech Info Leading client of Inventech Info Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details