TITLE: Technical Integration Analyst (sap)

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Upstream Business Service Operation Management Project Portfolio Management team is responsible for managing and the delivery of all infrastructure programmes and projects in the Upstream Business. A considerable part of the portfolio is covered by our ERP solutions and our business planning projects. Key delivery focus includes roll outs to Operating Units and technical / technology upgrades. The programme serves a key role in the Upstream sector specifically in supporting Upstreams drive for growth, cost , leadership and common global processes, standards and tools. The program is expected to bring significant benefits in the form of total cost of ownership savings, process and best practice benefits and common global platform benefits. The Centre is currently on a growth path and as part of this rapid growth, we are looking for passionate and talented SAP Basis technical professionals to join our team! If you would like to be a part of an innovative energy leader that offers a rewarding career in a multi-cultural environment, then apply to us today and be a part of this vibrant, world-class organisation. Responsibilities Responsible to develop and execute technical project plans as part of a larger IT delivery project/ programme in line with business IT best practices and compliant to architectural and project management principles. Develops proposals for technical solutions (in collaboration with Solution and Infrastructure Architect) as well as initiate and execute technical workshops for projects and initiatives. As ERP/ SAP infrastructure consultant/ SME, able to work independently, provides advice on technical aspects of system development and integration, including the operational and maintenance aspects of systems. Ensures relevant technical strategies, policies, standards and practices are applied correctly. Support the designs of large or complex systems, covering objectives, scope, constraints (such as performance, resources etc. ) , hardware, network and software environments, main system functions and information flows, data load and implementation strategies, phasing of development, requirements not met, and alternatives considered. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development project management erp sap basis ssis middleware biztalk sme functions control m Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required MandatoryEducated up to university level in IT or related discipline is required Able to work independently and under pressure and manage conflicting priorities and deadlines well Demonstrates good interpersonal skills. Self motivated with excellent interpersonal, communication and influencing skills Strong coordination, time management , planning skills and analytical skills Preferred: Administration experience in SAP Solution Manager, Control-M. Experienced with Biztalk and SSIS middleware. ITIL certified Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details