TITLE: Walkin for 0-2 yrs Experience Insurance - Non Voice

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walk-in Interviews for Insurance onÂ 30th , 31stÂ March and AprilÂ 2016 ,Â Wednesday , Thursday and FridayÂ - Non voice/ Semi Voice Process......!!!!! Interview Timing :Â 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Contact Person :Â Â Komal Singh --------------- --------------- --------- ---------- -------------- Designation : Associate / Advance Associate Exp :0-2 Years Job Location : Â Koramangla- Bangalore ---------------- -------------- -------------------- ------------- Job Description : - Complete Client / Underwriting account review - Having complete knowledge and control on client / UW accounts, understanding and tracking of all receivable and payable funds including premium, return premium and claims settlements. - Knowledge in generating different BOB / WCD reports and review to prioritize the day by day work. - Premium collection for due balances and timely settlement. -Â Following up withÂ clients/UW via email, calls towards collection of funds well within the warranty/SDD period and settle to underwriter - Effective management of correspondence/queries - Making sure to review all received correspondences and priorities day by day work. - Making sure to action all correspondences received from Clients/Underwriting team well within time frame. - Funds Allocation and reconciliation & follow CASS5 rule - Making sure to allocate all received funds on timely manner. - Making sure to pay-out all payable return premiums/claim settlements well within set standard. - To perform complete account review before pay-out to avoid any possible funding scenarios. - Managing the best overall client account status - Collection of funds within short period of time & having minimal / zero on-account fund Skill Requisites : Â - Good Knowledge in Basic Math functions. - Good Communication, Analytical skills & aptitude skills. - Pro-active, efficient & business thinking. Education Qualification: Any Graduate with above 60% Note :Â * ApplicantsÂ with backlogs are not eligible. * Applicants should be willing to work in U.S. shifts. * Immediate Joiners are preferred !!!!!!! Interview Venue : Xchanging Solutions Ltd, Coconut Grove # 33, 18th Main 1st A Cross, 6th Block, Koramangala, Bangalore 560095 Salary:INR As per Industry Standard Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Banking and Investments and Insurance Insurance Claims Insurance Underwriting Insurance Calling Insurance Selling Insurance Sales banking sales Insurance Insurance Broking Insurance Marketing Investments and Insurance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.B.A - Management, B.A - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xchanging Xchanging Overview: Xchanging, PLC is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: XCH) and is one of the largest and fastest growing organizations provide Business Processing, Technology, Infrastructure & Procurement Services internationally for customers in almost every industry sector. With a wide range of industry service offerings to a large customer base across 48 countries and employing over 8,500 people, Xchanging is a truly global company. Xchanging has its presence in 10 Countries (UK, Germany, France, Italy, USA, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia and Japan) across 50 Delivery centres. We understand the challenges our customers face. We provide practical, pragmatic and powerful solutions for addressing those challenges. For more details login to www.xchanging.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details