TITLE: Sales Enablement Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sales Enablement Manager Responsibilities: Coordinate with sales leadership and executive management to define sales support initiatives. Drive a consistent approach to obtaining and consolidating field sales feedback to regularly identify areas of improvement in solutions training and sales messaging, while working cross-functionally to develop a plan to rapidly close any gaps. Stay informed on tools, technology and selling methodology used to improve sales productivity Act as a liaison between Sales, Marketing, and Product teams. Create written content to educate sales team and advance deals such as case studies, competitive information fact sheets, product collateral, and custom work. Field ad hoc content and support requests from sales team. Assist on sales calls and demos as needed. Manage the sales enablement content repository and ensure that all information is easily and readily accessible at point of need. Determine content adoption metrics and define sales enablement best practices. Conduct and report on market research. Gather feedback from sales team on a regular basis to constantly improve support programs. Qualifications: Masters in business or marketing 3+ years of experience in a marketing role. Experience sales or sales support role preferred Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to define goals and prioritize your own work Analytical, organized, and self-motivated Team player with strong intrapersonal skills. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, unpredictable environment. Adept at project management and cross-functional collaboration. Creative and strategic thinker Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Pre Sales Role:Pre Sales Consultant Keyskills Field Sales Marketing Selling Market Research Sales Training Strategy Sales Support Executive Management Planning Strategic Thinking sales enablement sales suppor enablement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aryaka Networks India Pvt Ltd Software defined WAN Optimization Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details