TITLE: Walk-in Drive for Java Developer - 2 & 3 April 16

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dream job for those who have the hunger to perform & who are very interested in earning the Highest salary and Incentives/Commissions in the Industry. Freshers to 4 years of experienced candidates can apply for this position. Â Responsibility: 1. Provide development oversight for project team in terms of architecture compliance, interface design & review 2. Develop, design, analyze, enhance and interpret code 3. Design, prepare and execute unit test plans (Inc. developing test, uses cases, scenarios) 4. Provide support across the full software development lifecycle (analysis, design, estimation, planning, development, unit test, user test, coordination, release and pre/post implementation support. 5. Good understanding of WCS platform source code with the ability to extend the product code to meet custom requirements Experienced in Java, J2EE, Java GUI skills, HTML, Spring/hibernate, Web Application development tools and JQuery AngularJS., HTML5.0, CSS3.0 with Bootstrap , Core Java, JSP, Hibernate, JQuery, JSON, Ajax. Skill Requirements: Strong Coding & application development experience in any of the below Java / J2EE skill combination is good to have: Combo (1) : Java/J2EE +ExtJS. + EJB + Spring , Hibernate Combo (2) : Java/J2EE + AngularJS. + HTML5.0, CSS3.0 with Bootstrap Combo (3) : Core Java/J2EE with EJB + Struts Combo (4) : Core Java, Spring, multithreading with messaging (MQ/Solace); XML technologies (JAXB, schemas, parsing, xpaths) Combo (5) : Core Java with Spring + Web Services (Good to have Hibernate experience) Combo (6) : IBM Websphere Commerce development Interview Details : Position: Java Developer Interview Date : 2 & 3 April 2016 (Saturday & Sunday)Â Interview Time : 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Interview Venue : New Minds Software Solutions. 7th Cross 21st main. HSR layout 1st sector, near HSR BMTC bus depot. landmark - bojanam hotel. Contact Person: Madhu - 7090466660 Sathish - 7090266660 Regards, Team Talocity Worlds first talent stock exchange Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2EE HTML Spring hibernate Web Services Jquery angular js HTML5.0 Core Java JSP Hibernate JSON Ajax CSS bootstrap Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talocity Talocity is the world's first talent stock exchange providing pre-assessed/ready-to-hire candidates the ease of getting hired, employers the speed of hiring; thereby providing certainty to both so as to enable the concept of view and hire and not interview and hire; all at the click of a button. Just as you would go and buy stocks in a stock exchange, similarly the talent stock exchange allows talent to find the right job post his/her detailed pre-screening schedule (including technical assessment, personality assessment, video interview, HR round, etc) and employer to find the right quality talent, background verified, yes literally at the click of a button. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details