TITLE: Consultant - Impact Study/training Analysis

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opportunity for below position Designation: Consultant - Impact Study/Training analysis Qualification:Masters in any stream (Mass Comm/journalism) OR Grad in Data Analytics with experience in writing summaries. OR MBA (in roles as analyst, consuting etc) Years of Experience: 1 - 5 yrs Location: Bangalore(Jaymahal) Role & Responsibilities: Consulting Secondary research of relevant business articles, case studies , government reports to extrapolate necessary information. Assisting in primary research, designing of relevant questionnaires, and data collection. Creating business reports, presentations, documents, etc and creation and analysis of data, graphs to support them Data entry and formatting of reports and documents. Designing required templates as required Support fieldwork and secondary research /expert interviews to create / map role responsibilities and outcomes for vocational skill courses Maintenance of team library. Coordination between various stakeholders to compile data and ensure updated repository. Willing to do field survey. Interested candidates can share resumes on this Email ID : lathika.poojary@labournet.in Salary:INR 50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills research analyst training analyst training manager analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: LabourNet Services India Private Limited, Website address : www.labournet.in LabourNet was started in the year 2006 as an initiative of Movement for Alternatives for Youth Awareness (MAYA), a non-governmental organization based in Bangalore. It began largely as an effort to provide a one-stop platform for unorganised sector workers to obtain services which are currently available and accessible by formal sector workers. Today, LabourNet stands as a separate sustainable entity which is exclusively working towards building an ecosystem that will empower the informal sector workers - estimated to be about 400 million -and provide access to this workforce for economic development. LabourNet is a social enterprise that creates sustainable benefits for workers in the informal sector by offering them a platform to access services. It provides financial inclusion, social protection and welfare services to unorganised workers, builds capacities of workers and markets their services to customers. LabourNet focuses on improving workers lives through seven strategies: * Enabling workers to build an identity * Improving productivity through a process of continuous assessment and skill training * Facilitating work linkages * Providing workers with information to live in the city * Facilitating access to accident insurance as a first step to social security * Linking workers to state sponsored social protection schemes (i.e. construction workers welfare board, unorganised sector workers welfare board etc.) * Facilitating financial inclusion by opening bank accounts and encouraging workers to participate in bank linked savings programmes LabourNet is supported by National Skill Development Corporation of India, besides other funding and knowledge partners. LabourNet is the Certified partner of NSDC. LabourNet was started in the year 2006 as an initiative of Movement for Alternatives for Youth Awareness (MAYA), a non-governmental organization based in Bangalore. It began largely as an effort to provide a one-stop platform for unorganised sector workers to obtain services which are currently available and accessible by formal sector workers. Today, LabourNet stands as a separate sustainable entity which is exclusively working towards building an ecosystem that will empower the informal sector workers - estimated to be about 400 million -and provide access to this workforce for economic development. LabourNet is a social enterprise that creates sustainable benefits for workers in the informal sector by offering them a platform to access services. It provides financial inclusion, social protection and welfare services to unorganised workers, builds capacities of workers and markets their services to customers. LabourNet focuses on improving workers lives through seven strategies: * Enabling workers to build an identity * Improving productivity through a process of continuous assessment and skill training * Facilitating work linkages * Providing workers with information to live in the city * Facilitating access to accident insurance as a first step to social security * Linking workers to state sponsored social protection schemes (i.e. construction workers welfare board, unorganised sector workers welfare board etc.) * Facilitating financial inclusion by opening bank accounts and encouraging workers to participate in bank linked savings programmes LabourNet is supported by National Skill Development Corporation of India, besides other funding and knowledge partners. LabourNet is the Certified partner of NSDC. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details