TITLE: Senior Developer - Cloud Delivery Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Senior Cloud Delivery Lead for SLH Dev. Operations (P&I/ Globalization Services OCF DQO) PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES EXPECTATIONS AND TASKSÂ SAP Globalization Services enables customers and SAP to expand their business worldwide and create value chains for sustainable growth, thus making every customer best-run business Everywhere. Globalization Services (GS) own, secure and enhance Globalization of SAP solutions across the entire solution portfolio, covering technical prerequisites and translation, global Business practices and local requirements. Currently, Globalization Services has multinational teams in several hubs around the world that are dedicated to the localization and delivery of Country versions in all SAP product areas. We are looking for a Senior Cloud Delivery Lead to support the cloud delivery operations for SAP Localization Hub SAP Localization Hub is a strategic innovative approach from SAP Globalization Services to host its offerings in public cloud as independently consumable solutions You will lead the Cloud Development Operations activities in co-ownership with the development teams owning the services We are looking for a highly motivated and skilled person who is capable to setup and organize the Cloud Development Operations for Sap Localization Hub: Software Change Management: process and instructions for provisioning and application of changes Incident Management: Set up of application monitoring, handling of incidents etc. . Software Lifecycle Management Data Safety: backup and recovery of application data Continuity of Operations: measures to continue operations after a hardware or software failure EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/ SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES WORK EXPERIENCEÂ Team player and ability to work with colleagues at all levels with diplomacy across departments to ensure compliance Operating systems: Linux and Windows: good knowledge Database, HANA: good knowledge Java development infrastructure and operations: good knowledge Professional knowledge on Monitoring tools as pingdom, SPC, JMX HCP operations is a plus Good communication skills Working in international project teams Enthusiasm for taking initiative and ability to work independently Strong analytical skills, effectiveness in problem-solving, results-orientation Strategic and conceptual thinking skills Highly structured way of working with clear view for priorities and ability to work independently Strong customer-oriented attitude At least 3 years as Cloud Delivery Lead or similar position Ideally 2 years Project Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer Cloud ERP SAP Database Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details