TITLE: C Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required skills: Experience : 2 to 6 years Should have hands on experience in core C development. Strong OOPs Concept, understanding of Memory management. Should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Should have high level of maturity and excellent analytical skills. Should have strong troubleshooting and debugging skills. Education Qualification : B.E. / B.Tech. / M.E. / M.Tech. with 60% and above Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Memory Management OOPS Debugging Educational Qualification Interpersonal Skills Analytical Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Geometric Limited Geometric is a specialist in the domain of engineering solutions, services and technologies. Its portfolio of Global Engineering services, Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions, Embedded System solutions, and Digital Technology solutions enables companies to formulate, implement, and execute global engineering and manufacturing strategies aimed at achieving greater efficiencies in the product realization lifecycle. Listed on the Bombay and National stock exchanges in India, the company recorded consolidated revenues of Rupees 11.05 billion (US Dollars 180.61 million) for the year ended March 2015. It employs over 4800 people across 13 global delivery locations in the US, France, Germany, Romania, India, and China. Geometric has been assessed at Maturity Level 3 for CMMI 1.3- Development and CMMI 1.3-Services for its Software and Engineering Services business units and is ISO 9001:2008 certified for engineering operations. The company's operations are also ISO 27001:2005 certified" Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details