TITLE: Advanced/ Business Analyst - Major Incident Management -night Shift

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Major Incident (MI) management team member you will interact with our vendors, line of business customers and management teams at all levels of the organisation. You understand the value of focussed and process driven approach to manage major incidents disrupting normal operations and disaster situation. You are expected to be able to assist, drive and manage Major Incident process in the areas affecting global application systems, infrastructure and security posing threats to availability and business continuity. You will be part of a team of employees with qualified and process driven mind-set, manage co-ordination with key collaborators including major IT Vendors, Corporate units & business regions. It is essential that you are a natural team player and can motivate others to deliver high quality results. It will be your job to manage cross collaborations with various stakeholders across Novo Nordisk within the defined MI process. You thrive in an international environment, are comfortable with complex challenges and can stand up to the pressure that comes with being responsible in a global Major Incident management team. You shall challenge and manage the vendor teams on various aspects including on the speed of turning around MI to normalcy. This shall be done through a continuous engagement with multiple vendors, internal system management, system owners and infrastructure teams. Constant and precise communication to relevant stake holders and affected users will be key success factor. You will be responsible for ensuring that all tasks are executed in compliance with internal and external regulations, quality requirement and completed according to the agreed objectives. As being the central team to manage major incidents it is required that all employees in Major Incident team work in a 24 x 7 setup. Novo Nordisk at all times shall provide work life balance through rotation in work timings, weekly days off and holidays. Qualifications You currently hold a similar job position and have at least 5 years of experiences in the IT Services especially in Systems and Infrastructure support. Good knowledge of Incident, Problem, Change within the ITIL framework Experienced in Disaster Recovery and Major incident handling. Working experience of being part of Major Incident teams for a minimum of 2 years. You shall possess good vendor management and communication capabilities. As a clear communicator you will successfully plan tasks for during and outside Major Incident times. You shall bring a can-do attitude and a healthy collaboration sense to your work. As a requirement you shall have excellent interpersonal skills and a professional impact that is reflected in the responsibilities you hold clubbed with your teams deliveries. You have a bachelors degree in business, engineering or other related fields. In addition, you possess vast experience working in multinational environment, especially dealing with clients outside India. On the personal level you are proactive, flexible, willing to work in shift timings, where required be available on-call from out of office locations during support hours and when job demands you shall make yourself available to be in office with short notice. The job requires proficiency in English with good command on communication and excellent cross-organisation collaboration skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Maintenance Engineer Keyskills Incident Management ITIL Framework Infrastructure Support Business Continuity Disaster Recovery IT Services Vendor Management Business Analysis System Management incident management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Novo Nordisk Centre (India) Pvt Ltd At Novo Nordisk, we are driving change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic conditions.Novo Nordisk is a global healthcare company with more than 90 years of innovation and leadership in diabetes care. This heritage has given us experience and capabilities that also enable us to help people defeat other serious chronic conditions: haemophilia, growth disorders and obesity. Headquartered in Denmark, Novo Nordisk employs approximately 40,300 people in 75 countries and markets its products in more than 180 countries Global Service center:located in Bangalore is an affiliated of Novo Nordisk A/S Denmark and was established to be off shoring hub for Novo Nordisk globally. Novo Nordisk GSC was established in 2010 and has growth of 180 to 1000 employees in last few years. GSC has been recognised twice(2012 & 2014)in the top annual best work survey. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details