TITLE: Urgent need of Microstrategy Developer/ Lead/ Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Comprehensive experience in developing MicroStrategy solutions for both external and internal clients. Design, model and create MicroStrategy projects and schema objects including: attributes, dimensions, hierarchies, metrics and transformations. Design and create reports, dashboards and queries to provide data access to business users through MicroStrategy. Experience with all phases of development - process analysis, design, construction, testing and implementation Maintain ongoing knowledge of MicroStrategy platform capabilities. Work with users and technical staff to resolve problems with MicroStrategy solutions, and respond to suggestions for improvements and enhancements. Design and development experience with pixel-perfect Dashboards and Visual Insights Knowledge of MicroStrategy Tools like Command manager, Object Manager and Enterprise Manager. Excellent Database skills and knowledge of Data Warehousing concepts for BI Reporting. Able to design database schema for report and cube build performance considering Partition strategies, Archival and summarizations. Strong SQL skills with the ability to optimize, analyze, and improve database SQL performance. Possess a very good ability to grasp the underlying business process and ability to work as an individual and in a team. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 17,00,000 P.A. Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Database Microstrategy Bi Cube Dashboards Schema Microstrategy admin Microstrategy developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Typhoon Technology & Consulting private Limited Product based company Our client is a product based company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details