TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Web as a Service team is part of the Integrated Compute Services (ICS) tower in the Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) organization. Core responsibilities for the group are to engineer, support and secure web environments. This position is for Vice President, you will collaborate within the group and technology partners to generate metrics. In this role, the individual focus on customizations of reports for businesses, data visualization, data analytics, dashboards and MIS. Roles and Responsibilities Collection of data and perform quality control. Data mining on data originated from different sources. Create dashboards to present data for different usages e. g. RAG, stake holders, impact view etc. . Generate presentations and graphs for managers to make decisions. Perform impact analysis by evaluating the data. Suggests alternative solutions to meet business reporting requirements more efficiently, and/ or with greater reusability. Maintaining existing and creating new SharePoint sites. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills service mis business intelligence data analysis data mining coding quality control qlikview maintaining dashboard Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum 4 years of experience in data analysis and representing the information via dashboard and presentations. Possesses strong technical knowledge of, Business Intelligence, Java Script, VBA (Macros) , . Net, SharePoint, SQL, Oracle, Qlikview. Relevant coding experience. Strong oral and written communications skills with the ability to effectively communicate at multiple levels within the organization. Communicates effectively with business and clients Bachelor degree or equivalent work experience. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details