TITLE: Hiring for Investment Banking Fraud Specialist

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this It includes Fraud, Claims & Disputes group customers receiving the best fraud detection and protection in the industry. Whether this involves credit card, debit card, and/or deposit accounts, our operational strategies are aimed at mitigating fraud losses to the Bank and our customers. We are looking for individuals with the following skills: Customer Focus Take ownership of each customer while empathizing and prioritizing customer needs Resolve conflicts and manage customer expectations Determine customer needs and provide appropriate solutions through relationship building Communication Skills : Effective verbal and written communication with both external and internal customers. Document customer account activities thoroughly and concisely. Engage in interactive dialogue with customers through active listening. Problem Solving Skills: Approach problems logically and with good judgment to ensure the appropriate customer outcome. Make appropriate decisions on behalf of the customer quickly and effectively. Effectively prioritize work to ensure efficiency. Conduct research as needed. Analytical Skills : Critical thinker and ability to exercise independent judgment. Accuracy and attention to detail. Required to abide by all applicable regulatory and department practices and procedures. Computer Skills : Familiarity with multiple browsers, multiple tabs, window navigation and instant messenger tools. Fluency in Windows Operating Systems and Microsoft Office tools. It provides a professional and fun environment for employees so they can focus on providing great service to our customers. As part of a diverse and dynamic team, Specialists receive ongoing training and development to enrich their skills and build a career . Any Graduate/Undergraduate with minimum 6 months of International Voice Process are eligible to apply . Its US Shift with any two days . Salary Up to 5.5 Lac.pa. Contact Avi - 8050514545 Emaiil ID - Avi@provizor.co.in Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Investment Banking customer care customer support voice customer care voice customer support csr cse international voice process BPO process associate process executiive banking inbound collections billing process senior executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Provizor IT Services Pvt Ltd Leaders in IT & ITeS recruitment for Fresher's, Middle & Senior Management....since 2005. Has built a strong team of 25 employees focused on Recruitment Industry working with leading companies to fulfill their requirements. Provizor's vision is to provide an opportunity for every individual to make a career and works towards providing visor people to the corporate world. Provizor is one of the leading recruiting company in Bangalore with 2 branch in which is located on both sides of Forum Mall on Hosur road, Koramangala in Bangalore Vision - To uphold integrity and ethics while being No1 in the industry. Carving careers for candidates with in depth info on their job profile. visit www.mustbein.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details