TITLE: Documentum Administrator Opening at Bangalore with Leading MNC

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from Superior Talent India!!! Kindly, find below the details of the opening: Client: Leading Investment Firm Job Location: Bangalore Exp - 6 to 8 Years Skills - Documentum Admin candidates 80% in Admin role and 20% in Development. Thanks and Regards Joshua Paul | Recruitment Specialist Superior Talent India Pvt Ltd. Esquire Centre, Block 2 C II- Floor : 9/6 MG Road Bangalore LM: Opposite to Trinity Metro Station. +91.7829687958: Direct: 080. 40731079 joshuap@superiorgroup.in www.superiorgroup.in ISO 9001:2008 and SSAE 16 Certified Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Documentum Administrator documentum administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SUPERIOR TALENT INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Superior Talent India - a Superior Group company - is an award-winning human resource services firm that delivers a full suite of comprehensive HR and Recruitment Process Outsourcing services to leading companies in India. Superior Talent India envisions a transformation of the current tactical, reactive approach to talent acquisition, to a strategic, proactive approach that aims to build a talent community. Headquartered in Chennai, Superior Talent India's PAN India presence also includes an office in Bangalore, the cradle of technology in India. With over 200 customers and over 200,000 assignments filled, Superior Talent India provides its clients several strategic advantages: Flexibility Cost efficiency Support Improved ability to compete for talent Control over employee data Superior Talent India offers its clients a multi-dimensional value advantage: a platform that provides strategic human resources management benefits. Superior Talent India's talent engagement processes are geared to provide the best talent faster and cost effectively. Superior Talent India is globally aligned through the Superior Group, to provide the Superior advantage to its global clients in India. Superior Talent India provides the right platform for deployment of Superior's technology and strategic services in India, thus leveraging global standards in all Superior Talent India's services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details