TITLE: CIB Equities - E Trading Core -operate Tools (trex) -core Java Devel

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Area Description The Global Equities Technology stack at J P Morgan is going through a strategic transformation (front to back) . This is a multi-year program where the India Tech teams are involved heavily. The technology stack used is predominantly Core Java, C# . NET, C and Sybase. We are hiring in the areas of Front Office, Middle Office, Risk Management and Client Intelligence Technologies. The India Equities Technology organization is 350 within JPMorgans Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) organization and covers the following functions - Execution Services Technology comprising of: o Electronic Trading (Execution core components, Exchange Connectivity, Client on-boarding, DMA, Smart Order Routing - SoR, Algorithmic Trading, Data Analytics etc ) o Flow Sales and Trading (Front Office Sales and Trading Order Management systems and Reporting) - Risk Management and Structured products - Middle office Trade Booking and Regulatory - Shared Services (Architecture group, Shared components and QA) - Client Intelligence ROLE: Core Java Developer Design, develop, and maintain ETT Core Components. Proactively work with stake holders. Responsible for day to day system support. Designing software and producing scalable and resilient technical designs Adhere to test driven development - writing clean code with appropriate unit tests and automated end to end tests as well Analyze and understand the business requirements clearly to come up with clean solutions promptly Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql oracle unix core java development shell scripting sybase middleware ant investment banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Essential Skills: At least 4 years of experience in developing software using Core Java technologies candidates having experience in C/ C are also welcome, but they must have at least 4 years of experience in Core Java technologies. We are looking for candidates who have very good experience in UI technologies as well. Candidates having Java Swing experience along with strong core-Java skills are also welcome. Candidates must be strong in fundamentals of programming just using the readily available frameworks for development would not suffice. Must have good understanding of the fundamentals of multi-threading and experience in working with multi-threaded servers. Investment banking experience is not mandatory, but good to have candidates from other domains are also welcome. Desirable (but not essential) : Equities Business Knowledge in especially middle office flow allocations and confirmations processing. And good understanding of the end to end flow viz. , front office middle office back office. Experience on working in UNIX based platforms Strong experience in Shell / scripting languages Strong experience in SQL Sybase / Oracle Middleware technologies like MQ, QPID Knowledge of FIX protocol Familiarity with Source Code control concept and some of the popular tools ( Perforce , Git) Experience / knowledge of vendor applications for client connectivity (like Swift, Omgeo CTM) Securities Trade and Position Management Build tools such as Maven or Ant Person Specification: Demonstrate Continual Improvement in terms of Individual Performance Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Bright and enthusiastic, self starter Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Very good presentation and influential skills Qualification: BE/ B. Tech J. P. Morgan is an Equal Opportunity Employer Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details