TITLE: Senior QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job: In the Emerging Mobile Products Business Unit, a Senior QA Engineer is a highly experienced and hands-on quality engineer with experience in testing the server side and on the mobile device side. This person will have experience with Python scripting and good knowledge of using SQL queries. The successful candidate will ideally have some understanding of networking and media delivery to handsets and embedded systems. Responsibilities: * Develop robust and valuable mobile data analytics test architecture solutions across on the server * Lead quality for design and development of novel mobile solutions including those with handset applications using cached content delivery. * Leverage a commanding knowledge of customer business challenges including UX/UI concerns to ensure products are designed to meet their needs. Basic Qualifications: * 5+ years of experience as a quality engineer testing and delivering solutions for the server * 5+ years of experience in software QA automation development * 3+ years experience with scripting experience (Python preferred) * 3+ years of experience working in a UNIX/Linux environment * 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries Desired Qualifications * Exceptional written and verbal technical and interpersonal communications skills with demonstrable depth of experience in communicating with internal groups such including Product Management, Services, and Operations. * Understands the difference between a prototype and a product and needs to be able to rapidly transition to productization when the time is right. * Knowledge of networking and multimedia presentation over networks such as 3G/4G/LTE and WIFI, networks * Passion to understand, learn and evaluate new technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills Automation Testing python Linux big data data analytics hadoop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Akamai Technologies Akamai is the leading global service provider for accelerating content and business processes online. Akamai has transformed the Internet from a chaotic network into a predictable, scalable, and secure business platform. Akamai routinely handles 15% of total Internet traffic. The company has created the world's largest and most widely used on-demand distributed computing platform, with more than 14,000 servers in 1,100 networks in 65+ countries. 1,726 organizations have formed trusted relationships with Akamai, improving revenue and reducing costs by maximizing the performance of their online businesses. Akamai's customers include 6 of the top 10 companies from the DJIA, 6 of the top 10 agencies on the Keynote Government 40 index, and many Fortune 500 companies. In India, Akamai's customers include Rediff.com, Sify.com, NDTV, FabMall, Indiatimes, amongst others. The company's strong partner ecosystem includes IBM and EDS, as well as Web-hosting companies, systems integrators, Web developers, software and hardware vendors, and network providers. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Akamai's industry-leading services, matched with world-class customer care, are used by hundreds of today's most successful enterprises and government agencies around the globe. In India, Akamai's office is located in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details