TITLE: Senior Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Assist sellers / vendors to get well versed with various Amazon tools and provide onsite and office support for catalog creation, listing products, shipment related issues etc. Guide & help seller for completing onboarding formalities & train them on internal tools. Handle various types of cases related to inbounding, product issues and customer complaints Provide required inputs to seller to manage customer feedbacks Co-ordinate with sellers/ vendors & internal teams for Catalog creation & product imaging. Review Amazon catalog for content quality based on pre-defined guidelines & co-ordinate with internal team to fix the issues for better customer experience Document processes & regularly update existing Sops Review & suggest SOP changes required if any to the team basis input from Category managers Assist Category team in identifying & configuring deals as per the guidelines Handle various sets of daily, weekly and monthly business reports Onboard new processes if required as per the business needs I. Skills Excellent written and oral communication skills in English MS Excel proficiency - ability to mine voluminous data for specific detail Strong analytical skills Strong interpersonal skills Excellent listening skills Excellent data accuracy skills, eye for detail, and commitment to meet deadlines II. Critical Qualities / Characteristics Pace of implementation and consistency in performance Willingness to take initiatives and additional responsibilities Willingness to travel Commitment and completion factor Peer respect - establish and maintain cooperative working relationships Creative and analytical problem solvers with passion for operational excellence Identify areas of possible process improvementsIII. Ability to Multi task in a fast paced environment Operate in the system with speed and accuracy necessary to meet Amazon standards Handle stressful situations, maintain composure, and communicate clearly with both internal and external stakeholders IV. Operations Meet and interact with sellers/ vendors for initial process setup Flag possible escalation, dive deep to recommend and implement corrective actions Flag any updates received from stakeholders on process to Team Lead/ Manager Be part of client calls to raise challenges, lead, and document conference discussions Audit tasks assigned to junior associates and report quality metrics Train new staff and give feedback to the training team Understand the processes across teams & work towards improving the same along with process experts Bachelors degree in any discipline 2 - 4 years of experience in data-driven business operations processes where associates are required to handle large volume of data as part of their daily tasks and take decisions based on analysis of such data Experience working on process improvement processes like Six Sigma, Kaizen etc. is a plusPreferred qualifications- Retail experience - SQL knowledge Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Excel Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon. com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon. com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee. com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www. amazon. in for shoppers in India. With www. amazon. in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details