TITLE: Integration Architect (SAP Abap)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Duties and Responsibilities Integration expert will be responsible for the design, development, implementation and support of software components that enhance or extend the reach of Ariba's solution. Specific projects involved might include Design, develop and maintain integration adapters between Ariba products and legacy systems on latest enterprise integration products and technologies using SAP NetWeaver PI. Qualifications Technical Qualifications Bachelors/Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering with 12-17 years of experience 12 years of ABAP experience of working with RFC, BAPI and Idocs Expertise in developing PI integration with SAP ECC system and 3rd party systems using graphical mapping/XSLT. Must have detailed experience in one or more of these SAP modules: Financials, Purchasing, Invoice and sales distribution and databases. Strong understanding of the Business process and ERP functionality for the features/modules Good understanding of ERP architecture, functionality, integration API and configurations. Proven ability to gather business requirements and translate them into functional and technical solutions. Non-Technical Qualifications Demonstrated ability to take initiative and run new processes in an existing team Follows best coding standards Strong desire to work as part of a team Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desirable Qualifications Good Java programming experience Good knowledge in building integration with EDI systems. Should have worked on X12 and EDIFACT integration. Good knowledge in AS2 connector functionality. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Architecture ERP SAP ABAP Engineer Engineering Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details