TITLE: SAP PP Funtional Consultant/ Sr. Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The candidate must have SAP PP functional experience of 3-7 Years. The candidate must have knowledge of SAP-PP implementation exposure, should have knowledge of working with Indian clients. The candidate should have minimum 2 end to end SAP PP Implementation project experience. The candidate must have experience of working in direct client facing role. Involved in end to end life cycle projects using SAP PP Integration Knowledge with SAP-MM, SAP-SD and SAP-CO is required Must be comfortable traveling as per business requirement Domain experience of initial years is mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills SAP PP Production Planning sap production planning pp consultant sap pp funtional consultant implementation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Symmetrical Global Search Private Limited one of the Big 4 Symmetrical Global Search Pvt Ltd Symmetrical Global Search is an executive search and selection organisation working across India, Middle East & Africa Since 1999. Our Endeavour is to deliver services in symmetry with our client's and candidates' objectives and aspiration respectively. Our objective is to build an organization that is driven by its people with a philosophy of "Learning, Sharing and Growing together" and at all times fulfilling professional commitments and meeting or exceeding client's and candidates' expectations. Symmetrical team consists of 40+ specialized subject matter experts catering to different industry domains with a focus on quality and timeline of its customers. Symmetrical has a client focused innovative approach to search and assessment combined with a high level of integrity, ethics and values makes us one of the most progressive firms in the industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details