TITLE: Associate -quality Control & Oversight

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Chase Business Banking: Chase Business Banking (BB), a business unit of JPMorgan Chase is a leading national Small Business Administration lender in the United States. Delivering a broad array of financial solutions with local expertise and dedicated service, BB partners with the firm's other businesses to provide comprehensive solutions, including lending, deposit products and treasury services to meet its clients financial needs. Business Banking serves 2.4 million customers through 2,000 Relationship Managers and more than 10,000 branch-based Small Business Specialists in 23 states in the US. The BB Risk team is focused on a range of risk types generated through the partnership with BB functional groups. One area of focus is Credit Risk, where decisions are rendered on incoming credit requests from small business customers. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Credit Officer - The purpose of this position is to facilitate business loan portfolio growth and protect the bank from loss while maintaining acceptable asset quality. The officer Evaluates credit applications for recommendation. Responsibilities: Independently analyzes, or at times may work with more senior Credit Officer, to evaluate the risk of adding a particular transaction to the bank's loan portfolio. Identify additional information requirements needed to properly assess risks of the transaction Understand and assess the customers business model and its viability in the long run Review and analyze the financial strength and soundness of the customer to identify key risks to the continued credit worthiness of the business Considers alternative credit structures to mitigate risk where appropriate Recommend action to be taken on credit, identifies key risks and information requirements Ensure that credit facilities presented are properly graded. Meet assigned timelines and ensure documentation requirements are met per the business and audit requirements Usually works independently with limited direct supervision. Serves as a resource for less experienced Credit Officers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Credit Officer Keyskills service documentation facilities audit quality control treasury lending policies dedicated maintaining Desired Candidate Profile 7-10 plus years experience as a credit underwriter or similar position requiring business knowledge and credit judgment Preferably a post graduate or an advanced degree in business management, finance or accounting; Ability to formulate and articulate objective views based on professional analysis. Thorough knowledge of credit philosophy, Risk Guidelines and policies, loan documentation, bankruptcy and related legal issues. Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal skills, as well as analytic and problem solving skills. Good organization skills and ability to work within time constraints in a highly regulated industry Works effectively in a team environment, while assuming individual responsibility and helping develop the junior level analysts. Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details