TITLE: Area Manager - Privy League

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: . Managing a team of Priority Relationship Managers. . Developing new & expanding existing High Net worth Customer client base. . Responsible to achieve budgets for bank products (liabilities & Assets) and Third Party Products (TPP). . Responsible for the P & L of the unit & also for all round growth of each team member. . Planning and executing special sales initiatives and events for prospective and existing clients. Job Requirement: . Team handling / Man Management experience of at least 2 years. . Experience in book management & understanding business MIS. . Good understanding of Banking products (Liabilities & Assets), investment products & financial markets. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills Sales Initiatives Area Management Team Handling Third Party Products Liabilities Investment Products Man Management Financial Markets Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Post Graduation Company Profile: Ing Vysya Bank Ltd. Established in 1985, the Kotak Mahindra Group is one of India's leading financial services conglomerates. In February 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd. (KMFL), the Group's flagship company, received a banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With this, KMFL became the first non-banking finance company in India to become a bank - Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. The consolidated balance sheet of Kotak Mahindra Group is over 1 lakh crore and the consolidated net worth of the Group stands at 13,943 crore (approx US$ 2.6 billion) as on September 30, 2012. The Group offers a wide range of financial services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking, to stock broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across India, and international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.kotak.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details