TITLE: Senior Development Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this << More Jobs Senior Development Manager Category: Â Information Technology Location: Â Bangalore Apply now The Position: The Senior Development Manager role will help set the vision for the EBS group and coordinate transformational initiatives between Sales, Marketing, and other departments. This position will be accountable for overall strategy, design, project delivery, and customer success for all related projects. The EBS Senior Development Manager will drive the design and build of business applications across the portfolio and supporting functions based upon identified business requirements and use cases. He or she will lead multiple teams consisting of technical and business professionals focused on building, maintaining, and supporting enterprise applications across business functions. The Senior EBS Development Manager will foster a dynamic team environment following Scrum Methodology. In this role, you will: Provide thought leadership across Pegas IT Application Portfolio Build world class development teams responsible for the development, governance, and oversight for Pegas Business Applications. Pega Offers: A rapidly growing yet well-established business The worlds most innovative organizations as reference-able clients Analyst acclaimed technology leadership in a massive emerging market Be a member of the IT Leadership team, shaping the direction and strategy of the organization The chance to lead, coach and inspire a talented group of development professionals The opportunity to drive profound change in a growth focused organization The Person: The ideal candidate should be an intelligent, motivated, and accomplished senior development manager professional who has a track record of building and leading large and sophisticated enterprise systems. Qualifications will include: Bachelors degree or equivalent experience 12+ years of experience developing Enterprise Applications Experience managing the complete software development life cycle Experience with integration technologies and database applications including, but not limited to: SOAP, Oracle, DB2, MS/ SQL and/ or EJB Strong object-oriented design and implementation experience Scrum experience Understanding of OOAD 3+ years of experience managing application development teams Ability to communicate complex concepts in a compelling, concise, and creative way Engaging personality to inspire and create excitement Strong work ethic, willing to go the extra mile, hands-on yet can delegate well, and possess a nothing is beneath me attitude Ability to partner with management team peers in a collaborative fashion. The candidate will have a track record of creating strong relationships with the team Driven and team-oriented with a demonstrated ability to lead by example and motivate a team using personal traits such as intellect, integrity, and creativity follow Pega Jobs on Twitter About Pegasystems: Pegasystems develops strategic applications for sales, marketing, service and operations. Pega's applications streamline critical business operations, connect enterprises to their customers seamlessly in real-time across channels, and adapt to meet rapidly changing requirements. Pega's Global 500 customers include the world's largest and most sophisticated enterprises. Pega's applications, available on-premises or in the cloud, are built on its unified Pega 7 platform, which uses visual tools to easily extend and change applications to meet clients' strategic business needs. Pega's clients report that Pega gives them the fastest time to value, extremely rapid deployment, efficient re-use and global scale. For information about benefits and culture, click here . Â As an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, Pegasystems Inc. will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetic information, veteran or disability status, or any other category protected by law. Accessibility If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact PegaApplication@pega. com . Labor Condition Applications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development ejb ms sql ooad application development pega scrum enterprise applications information technology functions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pegasystems Worldwide India Pvt. Ltd. Pega has focused in building depth in BPM over 25 years now and have unparalleled depth and IP within the BPM domain - in BPM since one has to conceptually capture the whole work flow (enterprise) makes it most challenging and interesting solution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details