TITLE: Network Technician Voice Ericsson Axe-810 BLR - J37128

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technology/ Product Knowledge . Ericsson AXE-810 TDM, Ericsson (TDM), . GENBAND SBC Platform, GENBAND SBC MSX & RSM . NGN Product knowledge for Ericsson, . VoIP protocols like SIP, H. 323, RTP/ RTCP . SS7 and R2MFC Signalling protocols, ISDN (BRI, PRI) Experienced in :- . Enterprise TDM & VOIP switching network . Configuration of IVR & Customer service queues for CCP platform . Provisioning and configuration management of Voice Network . Coordination with IP & Transmission team for smooth operations of IP MPLS & Cable network for Voice connectivity . Monitoring and analysis of network KPIs . Conducting AT for new equipment introduced in TCL ILD Voice network . Coordinating with international carriers (UK BT, AT&T, MCI etc) and Cable media provider (SMW3, SMW4, FLAG, TIC etc) . Switch migration Projects and Capacity optimization to reduce call congestion . MTP Routing for minimizing network outages . Operation, Maintenance, Up gradation/ Expansion and commissioning of LUCENT 5 ESS & ERICSSONs AXE-810 . Helped in writing RFPs, providing a best fit and cost effective business model / solution for the client. Worked closely with the sales / pre-sales team for identifying customer requirements (technical and business), design and develop solutions / processes. . Worked as a member of provisioning team, provisioning international PRIs & SS7 links. . Worked in team for handling end to end process of migration from legacy to NGN of Ericsson switches. . Knowledge of switch capacity planning. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Ericsson AXE - 810 Desired Candidate Profile Candidate Experience Should Be : 3 To 6 Candidate Degree Should Be : BE-Comp/ IT, BE-Other, BTech-Comp/ IT, BTech-Other Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our Client is a leading FTSE Company with a profitable turnover of more than 20 billion pounds. They are the world's most established communications company, employing around 100,000 people in 170 countries around the world. Their principal activities include: - Networked IT services globally - Local, national and international telecommunications services - Broadband and internet products and services - Converged fixed/mobile products and services They are known globally as a major technology player - pioneering the digital advances that are shaping and driving the information age,helping people create, collaborate and communicate better than ever before. Specialties: Telephony, Networking, Cloud Services, Unified Communications Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details