TITLE: Supply Chain Analyst I

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview: Create Reports to push tracking and attainment of relevant function specific KPIs. Analyze Supply Chain Data and develop conclusions Maintenance of Data on various levels. Active Participant in development, coordination and optimization of SC projects. Regular Communication and coordination with various functions within TE. Develop and implement strategies to drive continuous improvement within the organization. Work actively on setup, development and maintenance of dashboards, decision support reports etc. Mine, gather relevant data and perform ad-hoc analytical tasks for planned as well as special actions. Assume responsibility in pilot reporting and propose improvements. Responsibilities & Qualifications: Should have an experience of 2 to 5 years Education: Any Graduate SAP experience (especially PP/Purchasing modules) beneficial. Solid understanding of Supply Chain Processes, metrics and KPIs. Strong analytical ability to translate data into actionable information Concrete use of relevant tools (Excel, Access, Tableau, Biz Objects, Cognos) Fluent English language skills written and spoken. Ability to work in an intercultural and international team. Flexible, result oriented, goal driven, team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills SAP PP Purchase Supply Chain Continuous Improvement Supply Chain Analyst Supply Chain Processes Tableau Biz Objects Cognos Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TE Connectivity India Private Limited TE Connectivity (NYSE: TEL) is a $12 billion global technology leader. Our connectivity and sensor solutions are essential in today's increasingly connected world. We collaborate with engineers to transform their concepts into creations - redefining what's possible using intelligent, efficient and high-performing TE products and solutions proven in harsh environments. Our 75,000 people, including 7,300 engineers, partner with customers in over 150 countries across a wide range of industries. We believe EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS -Ã‚Â www.TE.com.Ã‚Â Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details