TITLE: Pega H1B Holders with CSSA /LSA Certified - USA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience: -Minimum 4 to 15 years of experience in PEGA PRPC technology platform. -At least 2 cycles of PEGA PRPC implementation experience. Required Technical Skills: -Strong communication and presentation skills. -Ability to participate in business value assessment and business requirements elaboration phases. -Ability to actively participate in the class structure design and reusable rulesets design. -Good understanding PEGA PPRC properties, types and relevance. -Understand the decision types and decision rules in PEGA PRPC. -Possesses good knowledge on PEGA PRPC construction and debugging tools such as tracer utility, clipboard, app accelerators, documentation tools, expression builders and form builders. -Sound understanding of user interface both PEGA PRPC out of the box and generic. -Good understating of PEGA PRPC flows, interpretation of flow shapes, SLAs, tickets, interpretation of complex flow shapes for business scenarios, activities, activity step methods, OOTB activities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Pega PRPC pega pegarules csa cssa clsa pegaprpc prpc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Career Network Top MNC CAREER NETWORK is one of the most reputed MANPOWER CONSULTANTS having its Head Office in Hyderabad. It is an organization with very professional manpower recruiting capability, for the major industrial and service sector all over India. We have been providing comprehensive, efficient and professional services to the clients since past several years. We have continued to build on our resources with emphasis on the quality of human capital value. These we have done over the years with a view to delivering customized quality Manpower resource solution to our diverse and varied industry and service sector based clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details