TITLE: Senior System Specialist :: DDL Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Duties / Responsibilities Create and modify database structure using Data Definition Language (DDL) statements to create tables and appropriate indices for optimal data access, as well as database objects such as store procedures, functions, views, and triggers. Run daily, monthly and quarterly bookings reports from enterprise resource planning system and reconciles against commissionable sales and reports final bookings Work on tasks and or issues that are diverse in scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors and/or trends. With minimal guidance or instructions, demonstrates sound judgment in selecting methodology and techniques to resolve issues, complete day-to-day work or new assignments. Contributes ideas that improve system and application functionality and streamline routine tasks/data extracts. Manage system vendors to resolve issues in a timely manner. Collaborate internally with senior Education Systems stakeholders and across the Education department to ensure systems are well integrated within release management. Install server-based application software in coordination with server administrators. Install new software, service packs, upgrades, and fixes. Capture and document departmental business requirements to assist senior members of the organization in establishing an architectural roadmap for technical infrastructure enhancement implementations. Lead select internal organizational efforts to plan, prepare, implement, and test backup and recovery procedures for all production databases. Execute optimal business continuity solutions, as assigned. Monitor databases for optimal performance. Recommend improvements to enhance overall performance. Calculate and trend database sizes; actively monitoring to ensure optimal performance Serve as a seasoned resource to work with application development teams in order to resolve database problems and to maintain development, test, and production environments. Participate in application development life cycle to enforce standards that represent best practices within database architecture and implementation. Assist senior members of the team with Review Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) processes for optimal access and data manipulation methods. Execute and monitor ETL jobs in production servers. Recommend improvements to enhance overall performance. Assist senior members of the team with the investigations and resolution of issues associated with replication timeouts, errors and latency. Assist senior members of the team with periodic security controls. Manage database users and their appropriate level of permissions. Qualifications (include knowledge, skills, abilities, and related work experience) Seasoned understanding of database development and architecture concepts SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS. Demonstrated advanced proficiency in programming skills for developing stored procedures, functions, triggers and views using T-SQL. Seasoned knowledge of tuning and optimization techniques including optimization of stored procedures, triggers, tables and indices. Seasoned understanding of backup/ restore options as well as business continuity processes. Experience with data modeling concepts and tools. Excellent understanding of database security concepts. Ability to manage own work time, with minimal supervision and contribute to the success of the team. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to solve complex problems. Excellent analytical and technical skills. Excellence in team environment requiring close collaboration and effective communication. Excellence in presenting to multiple internal and external audiences, at many levels. Advanced understanding of data warehousing concepts and processes. Advance knowledge of domain database technology. Database Certification is a plus. Basic proficiency in HTML and JavaScript. Understanding of development and deployment of dynamic Web sites. Takes pride in work and complete tasks with minimal instruction. Extremely well organized and feels comfortable supporting both routine and ad-hoc requests. Salary:INR 4,25,000 - 9,25,000 P.A. BEST IN THE Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SSAS SSRS SSIS Javascript T - SQL HTML Stored Procedures Programming Web Technologies Selection Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trigent Software Limited Trigent Software, a Microsoft Gold certified partner was established in 1995. We are a CMM Level 4 software Development Company headquartered in Boston (USA) with a development center in Bangalore. Ã‚Â· Top Ranked SharePoint Consulting Company in the US. Ã‚Â· Ranked one of the top 5 Outsourced Product development companies by Silicon India. Please visit http://www.trigent.com for more information. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details