TITLE: Core Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Role * This role is for a software developer for the OTC reporting team . * The role requires one to work with development/ BA teams spread across geographies to obtain requirements, define the scope of Development for various processes and develop components to add to the existing OTC reporting framework. * Participate in code reviews and development reviews .Adhere to development standards as laid out by the development practices of the organization. * Interact with various internal Developer/ Architect groups to ensure the development of high quality products. * The candidate should be having good technical skills on Java, Multithreading, SQL. Along with experience with frameworks like Spring Hibernate * Basic financial product knowledge/awareness in fixed income, currencies, foreign exchange, interest rates, credit, structured products, OTC derivatives. * Preferably working in a banking and financial captives or in BFSI domain of reputed service or product companies. * Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Required Skills: * Strong OOPs fundamentals * Strong Experience in (must) - Core Java (1.5 above) , multi-threading concepts , SQL * Working Knowledge in (must) - Spring , Hibernate, java design patterns * Scripting (Desirable): Groovy, shell * Framework (Desirable): GWT , Apache Camel ,WebServices / REST,MQ / JMS , any java script framework * Application Server (Desirable) : Web sphere , JBoss or Web logic * Tools (Desirable): Eclipse , SVN , Continous Integration , Java profiling tools, scalability test/improvement . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills corejava Multithreading Websphere Application Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iMindYourBusiness ABOUT US: With deep functional and industry expertise the team@iMind is passionate about taking on immense challenges that your Recruitment team is poised upon. We work with our clients as we do with our colleagues. We build their capabilities and leadership skills at every level and every opportunity. We do this to help build internal support, get to real issues, and reach practical recommendations. We bring out the capabilities of clients to fully participate in the process and lead the ongoing work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details