TITLE: Data Modeler/ Data Analyst - Erwin

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this They are looking for Data Modeler/Data Analyst and the position is based out of Bangalore, India. Requirements : - Extensive experience modeling complex databases using third party modelling tools such as ERWin. - Extensive experience in developing logical and physical data models in complex, multi-application environments. - Extensive experience in Oracle core and additional feature. - Strong knowledge, and experience with, Design Patterns, Universal and Reference data models (UML is plus). - Strong experience designing model with an eye toward high performance, scalability, and high availability. - Strong understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). - Strong experience of working collaboratively with other data modelers and applying Enterprise Architecture defined standards. - Good knowledge of standards and specifications such as XML and XSD. - Good knowledge of advanced SQL query techniques. - Ability to conduct and manage meetings facilitating requirements gathering and design reviews. - Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. - Hands-on experience in data management, data transformation (metadata is plus). - Good technical writing skills and ability to produce clear, concise and targeted documentation. Interested- Please reach out to us asap. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills XML XSD SQL Oracle UML Design Patterns Data Management Data Modeling Technical Writing Enterprise Architecture Data Modeler Data Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Talent Acceleration Corridor Our prestigious client, the largest independent pure-play technology consulting and outsourcing provider for the financial services industry is a $300-million firm based in New York. With 5,000+ professionals operating in 16 countries across the world, it has presence across US, Australia, Canada, UK, Japan, The Netherlands, Hong Kong, Singapore, UAE, Ireland, Germany, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Italy, France, and Development Centres in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details