TITLE: On Fire!! Unit Head - Finance with a Leading Hospital firm

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are hiring as Unit Head - Finance with a Leading Hospital Firm for Bangalore location. If interested please share your updated resume on abhishekk@selectsourceintl.com. Job Responsibilities: Hold accountability for timely and accurate reporting of profit and loss, expense budget forecasting, capital budgets, cash flows.Â Streamline Management Information systems, Payroll systems and ensure all MIS reports for management reporting are streamlined. Review the hospital accounting procedures and systems in a manner that will ensure the hospital meet all the statutory and regulatory requirements at all times. Manage all kinds of audit like Internal, Statutory, Cost & tax audit. Implementation of SOP's for annual and quarterly closing of books. Preparation of Yearly Budget & Rolling Forecast. Review and monitor the treasury operations and also ensure sufficient yet optimal availability of liquidity to finance CAPEX and working capital requirements. Manage the receivable and payable accounts of the hospital in an accurate manner which meets the overall financial requirements.Â Champion the cause of continuous improvements in internal controls and systems enhancements to ensure efficient control and recording of transactions. Prepare the necessary scheduled, financial reports and statements to the relevant stakeholders in a manner that will provide a reflective financial standing of the hospital. Ensure minimum differences between reported numbers based on MIS on a monthly basis with Audited Quarterly Financial Numbers. Ensure timely Returns & Payments of Statutory Dues like TDS, VAT, Service Tax & Provident Fund. Review and advise the hospital on the relevant contracts from a financial perspective which meets the needs and requirements of the hospital. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Finance/Budgeting Manager Keyskills Accounting TDS Taxation Finance Auditing Receivable Service Tax VAT Budgeting Management Reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Select Source International For a leading hospital firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details