TITLE: QA | Manual & Automation Testing (selenium) - 3.5 yrs To 5.5 yrs

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, !!!! Greeting From BLACK & WHITE BUSINESS SOLUTION !!!! Hope you are doing great. We have an opportunity for you with One of Our Product based Client. Summary of the Role The QA Engineer will work with a team of validation engineers and will be responsible for designing as well as executing the test cases. The ideal candidate will have experience in application testing, and have a solid track record of identifying various test scenarios and discover the defects hidden in the code. Hands on Automation experience on tools such as QTP or Selenium will be an added advantage. Main Responsibilities Contribute to the overall approach to functional testing Developing the scripts, planning, coordinating and executing the tests with the project teams. Creates test scripts that are well structured, data driven and well documented: developed on-time and address all key points of functionality and performance: and enable effective and efficient regression testing Involves in developing Detailed Test Plans that address all critical features and functions of a project. Test Plan should include purpose of testing, major activities and deliverables, and resource requirements. Detailed Test Case describes test steps. Coordinates the execution of test cases to verify and validate the correct functionality, usability, performance, and reliability of systems and applications. Reports testing status. Responsible for documenting defects and tracking them to resolution. Skills & Knowledge Technical / Functional and Managerial Hands on experience using Selenium Automation tool. Experience in Software Testing Life Cycle. Experience with all types of testing techniques and methodologies, must be good in Functional Testing. Plays an integral role in the success of the product development within the organization. Develop the Strategy for Functional Tests with test lead. Experience in using Selenium tool with core Java skillset Exposure to different test methodologies. Agile exposure is an added advantage. Basic SQL knowledge for executing queries on Microsoft SQL databases Education and Years of Experience Experience: 3.5 to 5.10 years Skill Set: Software QA experience with web based applications built with Java and Oracle/SQL Server Experience with system integration testing Experience testing APIs Ability to create and execute robust test cases that effectively test a systems GUI and integrated functionality, adherence to business rules and requirements, stability, and performance. Experience in Functional, System Integration Performance & Volume and UAT testing phases Proven track record in mastering functionalities in new domains Proven track record in ability to work independently with minimal supervision from lead/ manager 080-67610211 | prasanna@blackwhite.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Selenium Software QA MS SQL Software Testing Oracle SQL Regression Testing Test Cases Functional Testing Test Scripts QTP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Incorporated in 2006, Black and White Business solutions has gradually developed today into a leading provider of manpower for some of the fortune 500 companies for their junior/ middle / senior and executive requirements. At Black and White Business Solutions, our sole job is to find individuals who are driven to succeed, and match them with companies that know how to reward success.Considered one of the top recruitment firms in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details