TITLE: Systems Engineer III - Enterprise Tech Prod Assurance

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Purpose: CMEs ETPA (Enterprise Technology Production Assurance) team are an advanced and dedicated team staffed with people who have very strong Unix System Admin and troubleshooting skills. Their focus is on CME Group's mission critical applications as well as 3rd party applications. The primary purpose of this position is to focus on the support of all electronic trading and clearing distributed applications for the following environments (Production, Certification, New Release, and Disaster Recovery) . The engineer is responsible for performing application deployments and third level support of emerging problems that are escalated by our 3rd level Technology Operations Control Centre, correctly working the resolution of the problem, notifying the appropriate levels of management about the problem, and documenting the problem and actions and notifications taken during its resolution. He or she must also obtain the correct level of authorization for actions taken during problem resolution and follow through with problem troubleshooting until completion or proper handoff if required. Requirements: 3 years of HTML, JavaScript, WebLogic application servers and Tomcat 3 years of Linux/ Unix system administrator experience with root access in a production environment. 3 years experience with SQL and Relational databases (e. g. Oracle) 3 years of Unix shell/ perl/ etc scripting. Knowledge of 3rd party messaging applications like IBM MQM, Sonic MQ, Tibco RV In-depth understanding of Linux/ Unix operating systems and networking. Must understand TCP/ IP, routing, interfaces, resolvers, etc. in a Unix environment. Multicast experience a plus The successful individual will be/ have: Able to work in a fast paced environment. Multi-tasking and attention to detail are critical. Process oriented. Strong organization skills. Self-motivated and good under pressure. . Ability to prioritize effectively and handle shifting priorities professionally. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Qualifications Required: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or MIS or related field As the worlds leading and most diverse derivatives marketplace, CME Group ( www. cmegroup. com ) is where the world comes to manage risk. Based in Chicago, with offices in New York, London, Singapore, Calgary, Houston, So Paulo, Singapore, Tokyo and Washington D. C. , our team of more than 2, 500 employees has an impact on the global economy every day. We offer: The widest range of global benchmark futures and options available across all major asset classes; The most advanced trading technology; Industry-leading clearing and risk management capabilities; A relentless customer focus, serving leading investment and commercial banks, hedge funds, proprietary trading firms, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, asset managers, corporations and individual traders; and, A great place to work. With this strong foundation in place, we are looking to continue growing our business in both listed and over-the-counter markets. To support this growth, we are seeking highly motivated individuals to help foster our corporate culture and uphold our core values of leading with conviction and integrity, advancing the global economy, building lasting relationships and acting with ingenuity every day. We hope you will consider joining our world-class team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills mis networking troubleshooting sql html derivatives unix oracle risk management javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CME India Technology And Support Services Pvt Ltd CME India Technology And Support Services Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details