TITLE: Full Stack Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Anyone have good knowledge of Java, Python, Scala, Database(MySQL/NoSQL) and can build product from scratch can apply. Product Hacker - FullStack Web Developer We are looking for a FullStack Developer responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the various databases, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. A basic understanding of front-end technologies is therefore necessary as well. Responsibilities Design of the overall architecture of the web application. Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developers with server side logic. Implementation of a robust set of services and APIs to power the web application. Building reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability. Implementation of security and data protection. Design and implementation of data storage solutions The Backend developer is responsible for developing, enhancing, and deploying the company's flagship products. Building REST APIs, development infrastcure, writing algorithms and more Skills and Qualifications Solid understanding of object-oriented programming. Familiarity with concepts of JAVA/SCALA, Python, ORM, and RESTful, Push Notifications, API integrations, Payment, Cloud etc. Proficient knowledge of one or more back-end programming languages such as Java/ SCALA, Java, Hadoop etc. Basic understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3, PHP, MYSQL Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors, such as LESS and SASS, BootStrap, Angular Third Party APIs, Building Deployment System, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning (Advantage) Skills: MySQL, RESTful Services, Backbone.js, Scala, HTML/CSS/PHP/MYSQL, HTML5 & CSS3, Java J2EE, Twitter Bootstrap, Angular.JS, LESS, REST, SASS/LESS/Stylus, Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Scala/MLlib Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java NoSQL HTML MySQL Javascript PHP Rest Hadoop CSS J2Ee Full Stack Engineer SASS BootStrap Angular Building Deployment System Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: LiveOnGo LiveOnGo ia mobile application connected with IoT devices or other smart devices to understand more human life and predicts about future in all way and automate the complete lifestyle for human. LiveOnGo (Product of Artivatic) is a bootstrap startup building Artificial Intelligence solutions for consumers. Our system understand complete human activities, lifestyle, health, food, movie, entertainment, events, shopping, eating habits, meeting, communication and more in form of unstructured data like activities, communication, context, images and videos to glean real instant insights and make decisions using advanced Deep Learning and Machine Learning techniques in real time on the Go. These algorithms, modelled on the human brain, have many critical applications to improve consumer life.in daily activities focused on AI & ML. This is going to be 'Personal Lifestyle Guide' in your life. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details