TITLE: Php/magento Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Skills: 4+ years of working experience with Magento and PHP web application Development with MySQL Excellent understanding of Magento Environment. Solid understanding of Object Orientated development. Experienced in complex projects, which involve migration of large volumes of complex and sensitive data. Magento Certification will be an added advantage. Strong debugging skills, Code flow analysis and the ability to read and modify existing code. Good skills in XML & Web services (SOAP, REST). DBA experience with MySQL. Ability to translate business requirements into system design. Good understanding of eCommerce applications. Strong PHP Knowledge Real-world e-commerce experience with Magento development Writing standards-compliant complex, cross browser compatible CSS code. JavaScript knowledge is a must. Experience on integrating PHP based MVC framework Sound knowledge of Version control tools and web services development like GIT or Bit Bucket. Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Be able to demonstrate methodical approach to achieve core objectives of applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Magento PHP Javascript MySQL CSS MVC Framework GIT XML Rest SOAP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KaBloom KaBloom is a technology-driven global gifting company focused on delighting our customers with superior quality flowers, plants and gifts and the convenience of ordering from any of our retail KaBloom stores, online at KaBloom.com and via select third-party online platforms including Amazon.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details