TITLE: HANA Cloud Platform Senior Developer Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. HANA Cloud Platform Senior Developer at SAP DM< (Data Migration and Landscape Transformation) Purpose and Objective Changing business requirements often result in the realignment of a companys IT structure. To quickly align with these requirements, customer needs to create harmonize, consolidate, convert systems or create leaner development environments. The portfolio of the SAP DM< group perfectly supports the evolving needs of our customers in a challenging economic environment while minimizing technology driven business disruption as they move to S/ 4 HANA. The DM< development is building products and tools on HANA Cloud Platform (HCP) to leverage the latest technology and offering from SAP to serve our customers better, in their digital transformation. To facilitate this strategy, the DM< Development is looking for professionals with a solid functional or development background to drive the HCP portfolio and product roadmap, the business scenarios and application of innovative UX concepts and designs. . Job Expectations and Tasks As a Senior Developer for DM<, your main tasks will be: *Focus on design, coding, testing, quality assurance of complex product features in a development team *Drive initiatives & topics to resolution in a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency *Work closely together with others and share expertise to ensure product success *Constantly improve own work methods to gain state-of-the-art agile software engineering Skills *Enhance skills beyond own core functional focus and work on other tasks for the Benefit of the team *Modeling, design, implementation and tests based on SAPs programming model *Ensure high quality (create and execute test cases, reviews of specifications, design reviews, code reviews) *Be a part of an Agile (SCRUM) development team Education and Qualification / Skills and Competencies *Degree in Engineering / Master Degree in computer or equivalent subject *5-7 years experience in application development *Expert proficiency and Working experience in SAP HANA Cloud Platform (HCP), Core Java, J2EE, HTML5/ SAPUI5, HTML, CSS, JPA, Javascript, JQuery, JSON, XML, HCP DB Services, Web Services development (OData, REST APIs), HANA XS. *Expert proficiency in HCP services persistence services, connectivity services, Security service, GIT services, IDM (Cloud identity). *Working experience in different web development environments SAPUI5 Web IDE, Eclipse based IDE, SAP HANA Web IDE, NWDS. *Strong Knowledge on SAP Lumira, Multitenancy and subscriptions for cloud applications and also steps for using console client for subscribing and unsubscribing an application. *Experience in DevOps. *Having knowledge on ABAP is an added advantage. *Exposed to all aspects of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) as well as customer support experience. *Excellent analytical ability and communication skills with a strong sense of commitment and responsibility and an excellent team player. *Very good powers of comprehension, high quality commitment and self-motivating working style *Ability to quickly acquire thorough understanding in new areas, especially in new technologies *Constructive and open style of communication *Team spirit and ability to work with virtual and local teams *Result-driven combined with quality focus *knowledge of IT principles & Data Security *High affinity to development-related topics in IT industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer Engineer Web Design Software Engineer Cloud Technology Engineering Creative Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details