TITLE: Websphere Commerce Server /WCS Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Location - Bangalore Years - 3+ Yrs Job Description: Desired Candidate Profile: - Work closely with European Clients to understand their business requirements and the business value we can offer them - Involvement in Design & Development and various stages of agile software development process, in WCS ( IBM WCS, Java/J2EE, Apache SOLR, B2B, Customization for pricing, contracts, catalogue ) -Strong experience in webspher commerce server - Experienced in integration with ERP systems - Strong in Object Oriented Concepts - To analyze requirements and estimate for assigned work - Write clean code\Testing work done by self and others (peer testing) - To be able to communicate effectively Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2Ee Websphere Commerce Server WCS Solr Agile Apache Software Development Design Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prowareness Software Services Private Limited Prowareness (www.prowareness.com) is one of the fast growing European organization with offices in Netherlands, India, USA and Germany. Established in 1998, Prowareness is head quartered in the Netherlands (www.prowareness.nl). Prowareness helps International companies by providing high quality software solutions and believe in delivering happiness and success of the clients. We have our own agile software development lab in Bangalore, which deliver quality solutions to our clients. Our Clientele is based out of Europe and we plan to grow to America this year. We are the leading agile software development organization with very high quality talent in India. Prowareness Software Labs in India work only with the best Software professionals working on a series of challenging projects and problems. Our software professionals have core insights in their selected technologies i.e. Microsoft.NET and other Microsoft products, Java/J2EE, PHP and other open source technologies that help us in developing unmatched quality product with support. We offer solutions across varied business domains and give our development teams opportunities to solve challenging business and technical problems in the current and the future business areas. - We are the market leaders in Agile Software Development Process, Agile Consulting - 80% of the companies are moving to Agile Process, and we are helping in this process - We work with European and American clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details