TITLE: ETL Informatica and DB Applications Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase is a leading global financial services firm with assets of over $1. 1 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in Investment Banking, Financial Services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. Under the JPMorgan and Chase brands, the firm serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the worlds most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. Asset Management J. P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and individual investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. Clear focus on managing client assets and delivering strong risk-adjusted returns More than 650 investment professionals providing over 200 different strategies spanning the full spectrum of asset classes, including equity, fixed income, cash liquidity, currency, real estate, hedge funds and private equity. Leadership positions in America, U. K. , Continental Europe, Asia, and Japan About the Role and project Ops Workstation provides integrated toolsets that are necessary to identify, investigate, and resolve operational issues. The application allows the global operations teams to investigate issues in one system without having to logon to multiple applications simultaneously thus reducing manual work and operational risk. The Ops Workstation team is looking for Informatica developer capable of building, maintaining and enhancing the Ops Workstation batch in addition to working with other team members on providing the data foundation necessary for building the Ops Workstation toolset. Key Responsibilities: Work as part of the team to deliver on critical projects and work related items Utilize Agile methodology and adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation Design, develop, code, test, debug and document. Analyze and resolve Level 3 production issues Collaborate with team and come up with solutions for any identified problem by team Analyzing and documenting problems, recommending solutions, and initiating corrective action. Performing additional project tasks/ activities as required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills real estate operations financial services wealth management development consulting analytical windows investment banking assets Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications: Minimum 6 years of financial application development/ consulting experience Should be dependable, results oriented and possess solid communicational skills Hands on Informatica 8. 6/ 9. 5 development experience Deep understanding of ORACLE SQL and related development under ORACLE as well as familiarity with other databases Comfortable operating in UNIX/ Linux and Windows environments Scripting/ Perl/ Ksh, Java or similar language is highly recommended Should have experience with Control M from a design and monitoring perspective . Financial Services Domain Knowledge - Equity/ Fixed Income Product Knowledge, Securities Trade and Position Management, Reconciliation knowledge Person Specification: Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to clearly articulate to all project members and stakeholders Must be a team player who works well with technical and non-technical resources Must be able to see tasks through to completion without significant guidance Ability to deal with and navigate difficult situations through strong teamwork and a focus on resolution Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details