TITLE: SAP BPC Required with CMM Level 5 Company - Work Loc : Pune/bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this BPC Jr. Consultant : 1. Good understanding of EPM application 2. Must have good knowledge in the area of BPC - Security - Dimensions and models - Business Process Flow - Data Manager Package. - Reports & Input Forms 3. Good troubleshooting knowledge of BPC backend i.e. BI and working with Multiple BI cubes for BPC. 4. Should have good understanding in BPC planning and forecasting. 5. Having experience in BPC Allocation and excel macros will be added advantage. 6. Good communication skill. BPC Sr. Consultant : 1. Good understanding of EPM Application 2. Must have good knowledge in the area of BPC - Security - Dimensions and models - Business Process Flow - Working with Data Manager Package - Reports and Input forms - Should have sound understanding of BADIs - Good in Logic scripts 3. Deep understanding of Allocation process. 4. Good in Planning and Forecasting 5. Should able to understand Member Formula 6. Good understanding of process from SAP BW to BPC. Should have good troubleshooting skill. 7. Having experience in Visual Basic and macros will be added advantage. 8. Good client handling and communication skill. Should be capable to work with ownership on priority issues in SLA timelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Bi Excel SAP BW SAP BPC Business Process Process Flow Client Handling Data Management Visual Basic bpc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alike Thoughts Infosystems Alike Thoughts Infosystems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details