TITLE: SITE Reliability Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is what you get when you treat operations as if its a software problem. Our mission is to progress, protect, and provide for the software and systems - with an ever- watchful eye on their availability, latency, performance, and capacity. This is an unusual job, unlike others in the industry. Like traditional operations groups, we keep important, revenue-critical systems up and running despite hurricanes, bandwidth outages, and confguration problems.Unlike traditional operations groups, we also have full access to and authority to fix, extend, and scale the code to keep it working and harden it against all the vagaries of the Internet. We hire people from both systems and software backgrounds. Strong candidates will have experience with both. Just as what we do is unique, where we do it is unique too. At LiteLabs, we have the good fortune to be developing many interesting systems. In SRE, we flip between the fine-grained detail of disk driver I/O scheduling to the big picture of continental-level service capacity, across a range of systems and a user population measured in billions. We own those products in production. We drive reliability and performance across massive scale by mastering the full depth of the stack. We literally do learn something new every day - usually surprising things - that have the potential to transform the lives of billions of our users around the world. As a Software Engineer on the SRE team, you will have the opportunity to tackle the complex problems of scale which are unique to LiteLabs while using your expertise in coding, algorithms, complexity analysis and large-scale system design. Responsibilities Design, write and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of our services Solve problems relating to mission critical services and build automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale distributed systems. Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Conduct periodic on call duties using a follow-the-sun model. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer C C++ Java Python Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Minimum Qualifications BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in one or more of: C, C++, Java, Python, Go. Experience with algorithms, data structures, analysis and software design.Preferred Qualifications Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. Familiarity with running web services at scale; understanding of Unix systems internals and networking. Understanding of Unix/Linux systems from kernel to shell and beyond, taking in system libraries, file systems, and client-server protocols along the way. Networking: knowledge and understanding of network theory, such as different protocols (TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, etc), MAC addresses, IP packets, DNS, OSI layers, and load balancing). Systematic problem solving approach, coupled with a strong sense of ownership and drive. Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details