TITLE: Sr. Firmware Linux Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are seeking for a, Senior Firmware Engineer who will be responsible for firmware development of assigned modules within a larger system. Responsibilities include participation in firmware specification development, firmware architecture, design, code development, debugging, and participation in code reviews, documentation, unit/integration/system testing, and other assigned engineering tasks. Individual is would be responsible to deliver to objectives including meeting deadlines and schedule and would coach and mentor others in the team. Duties and responsibilities: Design, develop and debug new firmware for electronic products and systems Maintain and improve existing designs and source code to help attain goal of having a modular structure Work with a team to produce full documentation of design and unit test cases. Utilize systems approach tools such as functional block diagrams, flow diagrams, simulations, fault tree analysis, state-diagrams, and others as required in product developmentÂ Conduct Hardware & Firmware trade-offs to insure lowest overall cost, highest reliability and best performance in the intended application Perform design & code analysis utilizing appropriate tools Work with and support manufacturing & operations in Manufacturing test code development to support in-line functional testing Work with validation lab in supporting FW Engineering Validation Test code and Product validation code testing Work across multiple sites/teams domestically and internationally Ability to collaborate, negotiate and work within a team environment. Ability to relate to others, demonstrated resourcefulness and flexibility, active participation in decision making process. Contribute to multiple projects, involving single components or subsystems. Provide technical leadership on cross-functional teams. Lead customer presentations. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Highly proficient with shell scripting (Bash, Perl, Python)Â Highly proficient in C and C++ programming languages Ability to use programming tools including gdb, Eclipse, etc. Proficient with git, git gui, github version control system Experience with socket programming, networking protocols, security protocols (DHCP, Avahi/zeroconf, DNS, NTP, TLS, SSL, etc)Â Extensive experience with user space programmingÂ Extensive experience with Posix threads (pthreads) and multithreaded designÂ Knowledge of Device Drivers and kernel programming Awareness of open source licensing issues and adherence to company policies on use of open source modules Experience in working with embedded hardware, and familiar with 32-bit microprocessors including ARM and MIPS families and associated tools Self-motivated and self-directed with strong continuing aspirations to take on larger roles Above average and dynamic communicator (verbal and written) Ability to see big picture Must possess good verbal and written communication skills and have the ability and experience to manage tasks independently Maintain and improve existing designs and source code to help attain goal of having a modular structure Desired Skills Experience with Yocto & Open Embedded development a plus Experience with GNU Autotools development a plus Experience with FastCGI and REST development a plus Experience in Wireless firmware design and development compatible 802.15.4/802.11x radio systems, including Zigbee, Bluetooth, Z-wave and proprietary radios a plus Experience with X.509 public/private key cryptosystems development a plus Experience with stack integration of Bluetooth or Wi-Fi on embedded Linux platform a plus Experience in Device Drivers and kernel programming a plus Summary: We are seeking a highly motivated, Senior Firmware Engineer who will be responsible for firmware development of assigned modules within a larger system. Responsibilities include participation in firmware specification development, firmware architecture, design, code development, debugging, and participation in code reviews, documentation, unit/integration/system testing, and other assigned engineering tasks. Individual is would be responsible to deliver to objectives including meeting deadlines and schedule and would coach and mentor others in the team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C C++ Embedded Linux Kernel Programming ARM Socket Programming GDB GNU MIPS Firmware Development firmware design embedded development Shell Scripting Bash Scripting Perl python scripting yocto linux Linux Scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Delight HR Services Pvt Ltd. Client Delight HR is leading recruitment process outsourcing and consulting organization. The company is managed by an experienced team of professionals who have served leading organizations worldwide. Established in 2011, Delight HR has helped more than 100 clients in finding the right talent and helped more than 200 candidates to find their dream jobs since inception. Working across Industry Verticals and Functional Areas, we are trusted to deliver fast, efficient and caring service to clients and candidates alike. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details