TITLE: Senior Software Engineer - - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Anyone have good knowledge of Java, Scala, Database(MySQL) and can build product from scratch can apply. Product Hacker - Back-End Web Developer We are looking for a Back-End Web Developer responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the various databases, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. A basic understanding of front-end technologies is therefore necessary as well. Responsibilities Design of the overall architecture of the web application. Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developers with server side logic. Implementation of a robust set of services and APIs to power the web application. Building reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability. Implementation of security and data protection. Design and implementation of data storage solutions The Backend developer is responsible for developing, enhancing, and deploying the company's flagship products. Building REST APIs, development infrastcure, writing algorithms and more Skills and Qualifications Solid understanding of object-oriented programming. Familiarity with concepts of JAVA/SCALA, ORM, and RESTful, Push Notifications, API integrations, Payment, Cloud etc. Proficient knowledge of one or more back-end programming languages such as Java/ SCALA, Java, Hadoop etc. Basic understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors, such as LESS and SASS. Third Party APIs, Building Deployment System, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning (Advantage) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Javascript MySQL CSS Rest SCALA Web Development Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Software Engineering ORM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: ArtiVatic ArtiVatic builds a synaptic network of explicit and inferred connections to create an intelligence layer on top of chaotic, siloed enterprise data for real-time, context relevant recommendations and give the reasons behind them. Synaptic intelligence is the only solution to make context-sensitive adjustments to recommendations to help businesses make smarter decisions in real time. System understands complete human activities & lifestyle such as health, food, movie, entertainment, events, shopping, eating habits, meeting, communication and more in form of unstructured data like context, images and videos to glean real instant insights and make decisions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details