TITLE: Urgent Requirement with our Client for SAP Basis Admin with HANA A

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Currently we have an urgent requirement with one our client for SAP BASIS Admin with HANA Admin requirement Skill : for SAP BASIS Admin with working experience in HANA Admin Relevant Experience : 5+ years Work location : Bangalore Regarding Notice Period: 15- 20 Days (only immediate joiners are preferred) JD: Position requires a bachelor's degree in Information Technology or equivalent. Ideally candidate would possess 7 - 10 years of experience with a SAP environment; centered around maintaining SAP Netweaver Business Suite; including ERP 6.0, BI 7.31, CRM 7.03, SRM 7.03, SCM 7.03, Solution Manager 7.1, Hands on experience on SAP HANA Administration, PI 7.31,TREX 7.1, PLM 7.02. Experience on BOBJ Reporting/Dataservices would be added advantage. Concentration in SAP Monitoring, Administration and Maintenance, ChaRM change management, SAP Webs-services, SAP Basis systems reside in a primarily Unix server environment, with several modules in Windows and Linux. Databases are primarily Oracle 11.2.0.4.Experience or understanding of Performance management and systems management utilizing SAP supplied tools Knowledge of SAP interfaces, such as RFC, ALE, CIF, SAP Connect, PI, SAP Certificates, Single-Sign-on. SAP Netweaver concepts and hands-on working knowledge of SAP Java stack and ABAP stacks. Understanding or hands-on working knowledge of SAP Solution Manager components (CHaRM change management, MOPZ, LMDB, SMD Diagnostics/RCA, Monitoring, Projects, CCMS), System Landscape Directory, Process Integration (PI). Understanding or working knowledge of SAP Transport Management system (CTS & CTS+), TDMS, client copy, System Refresh activities, Print and spool management, tuning SAP in various environments, profile and parameter management, security management, file and storage management. Performing Installations, Upgrades, SPS/EHP Upgrades, backup/recovery, systems configuration and integration, and production support. Key Responsibilities: Perform activities/tasks as directed by team lead. Working in local/remote matrixed teamwork environment. Self-motivated and discipline to meet deadlines with speed, accuracy and professional attitude. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent analytical and trouble-shooting skills. Work well with and through others within and outside IT Able to trouble-shoot a variety of situations - network, SAP system, database, etc, especially from within the SAP system Strong skills in project planning, and develop/maintain documentation for processes and procedures. ITIL, Lean methodologies preferred. If interested, reply with your profile with the following mandatory details, Total Exp Relevant Exp. Current Company Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Offers if any Marlabs is a USA based award winning provider of innovative Information Technology and Knowledge Process Outsourcing services. Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Piscataway, New Jersey (USA), Marlabs with revenues of US $ 120 million has a culture of success balanced between consistent financial growth and excelling employees. Strong and dedicated human capital strength of over 2000, a network of delivery centers in USA, Canada, Mexico and India and a unique multishore model utilizing our Global Technology Centers of Excellence are at the core of Marlabs success over the years. Marlabs has assisted more than 100 customers across different verticals to achieve success through both business and operational excellence. Marlabs offers a wide range of Information Technology services and has deep domain expertise across a number of verticals including Healthcare, BFSI, Airline Services, Energy and Utilities & Education. Our Global Centers of Excellence (CoE) specialize in the areas of Cloud Computing, Mobile Technologies, Information Security /GRC, BI-Analytics, Open Source/ Java, Microsoft and ERP Technologies. In India, Marlabs has development centers in Bangalore, Mysore, Pune, Cochin and Trivandrum. With established long-term partnerships with Microsoft, HP, IBM, Oracle, Information Builders, Teradata, MicroStrategy, VMware, Quiterian and Amazon Web Services, Marlabs is well positioned to deliver innovative state-of-the-art solutions. Marlabs is committed to the preservation of environment and a strong proponent of the Go Green theme. Over the years, Marlabs has implemented numerous initiatives both within and outside the organization as a small step towards contributing to a greener planet. Marlabs has been recognized as one of the best places to work in New Jersey, ranked in the Fast 50 and Fast 500 by Deloitte & Touche and is also a Hall of Fame Inductee by Inc. 500. For more information, please visit www.marlabs.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAP Netweaver Oracle Unix Solution Management SAP Basis Administration Microstrategy Transport Management System Web Services Open Source Management Systems Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Marlabs Software Pvt. Ltd. This is an MNC based in India, USA, Australia, UK and Singapore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details