TITLE: Manager-business Development - Startup jobs

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should have long-term organizational strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions. Business development Managers work in a senior sales position within the company. Identifies new business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. Business Development Manager is to prospect for new clients by networking, advertising or other means of generating interest from potential clients. Develop a rapport with new clients, and set targets for sales and provide support that will continually improve the relationship. They are also required to grow and retain existing accounts by presenting new solutions and services to clients. Have to manage the activities of others responsible for developing business for the company. Strategic planning is a key part of this job description, since it is the business managers responsibility to develop the pipeline of new business coming in to the company. Study and gather competitors information on product and services Communicate to managers. Explore ways to increase revenue for the existing customers and profitability. Contribute as an individual and also responsible to build her team and scale. Negotiating multiple terms to close the best possible deals and ensuring continuous interaction with clients and maintenance team for improved service levels. Acquiring regular feedback on market conditions, competition and other factors influencing sales and maintaining the database of the Leads generated and make regular follow ups with them. Other Skills and Qualifications Networking, Persuasion, Prospecting, Public Speaking, Research, Writing, Closing Skills, Motivation for Sales, Prospecting Skills, Sales Planning, Identification of Customer Needs and Challenges, Territory Management, Market Knowledge, Meeting Sales Goals, Professionalism, CRM, and Microsoft Office, Communication, Pleasant Personality. Education: MBA,BBA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Planning Business Development Management Territory Management Strategic Planning Prospecting CRM Profitability New Business Strategy Advertising Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: FLORET Media FLORET Media is promoted by a group of online experienced and expert marketing consultants. The entire team has 40+ years of cumulative work experience in their respective fields. It is one of the most successful Online Marketing Company with its head office in Bangalore and branches in Tirupur, Coimbatore & Chennai. Ever since Floret was founded in 2011, it has grown to serve hundreds of customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details