TITLE: Sr. Software Engineer - Java/scala

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements : - Candidate should have all round experience in developing and delivering large-scale business applications in scale-up systems as well as scale-out distributed systems. - Identify the appropriate software technology / tools based on the requirements and design elements contained in a system specification - Should implement complex algorithms in a scalable fashion. - Work closely with product and Analytic managers, user interaction designers, and other software engineers to develop new product offerings and improve existing ones. Qualifications / Experience : - Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science or related field - 5 or more years of experience in core Java programming: JDK 1.7/JDK 1.8 - Familiarity with dependency injection, Concurrency, Guice/Spring - Familiarity with JDBC API / Databases like MySQL, Oracle, Hadoop - Knowledge of graph databases and traversal - Knowlede of SOLR/ElasticSearch, Cloud based deployment would be preferred - Familiarity with Big data systems like Hadoop and Spark is an added bonus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Core Java Solr Spring JDBC Hadoop Oracle JDK SCALA MySQL Algorithms Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Scienaptic Systems Pvt Ltd Scienaptic (www.scienaptic.com) is a new age technology and analytics company based in NY and Bangalore. Our mission is to infuse robust decision science into organizations. Our mantra to achieve our mission is to - reduce friction- among technology, processes and humans. We believe that good design thinking needs to permeate all aspects of our activities so that our customers get the best possible aesthetic and least frictious experience of our software and services. As a Software development Engineer you will be responsible for the development and augmentation of the software components which will be used to solve the analytics problems of large enterprises. These components are highly scalable, connect with multiple data sources and implement some of the complex algorithms We are funded by very senior and eminent business leaders in India and US. Our lead investor is Pramod Bhasin, who is known as a pioneer of ITES revolution. We have the working environment of a new age, cool startup. We are firm believers that the best talent grounds will be non-hierarchical in structure and spirit. We expect you to enjoy, thrive and empower others by progressing that culture. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details