TITLE: Lead iOS Developer-start up

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Lookup is looking out for a seasoned and experienced iOS Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. Job responsibilities Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform. To work independently and develop enterprise level applications. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Requirements Proven working experience in software development. Working experience in iOS development. Have published one or more iOS apps in the app store. A deep familiarity with Objective-C and Cocoa Touch. Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text. Knowledge on auto layout and size classes. Experience with third-party libraries and APIs. Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Experience with xmpp is a big plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Objective C Cocoa Touch IOS Mobile Development Mobile Applications Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Lookup Lookup is an ecosystem that creates an easy and active communication channel between the customers and local businesses by using the mode of local commerce. * From making appointments at spa's & salon's, booking tables at restaurants, enquiring about product availability & prices to even reaching out to the nearest police stations, it enables the customers to shoot a message directly to the local businesses without sharing their private information like phone numbers. * The local businesses have the app installed on their mobile devices and can respond instantly. * Our app provides them a scope for personal interaction with their clients and customers thereby bridging the gap. * The instantaneousness of the responses is effectuated by our customer support that fields the responses, calls the businesses and responds to the customer queries in real time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details