TITLE: Unit Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION: Unit/Territory ManagerÂ DEPARTMENT: Primary SalesÂ JOB TITLE Unit Manager/Territory/Area Manager GRADE ROLE Team ManagementÂ REPORTING TO Transaction Unit Head/Circle Head/SegmentÂ PURPOSE OF THIS POSITION This role works on an IMSOC Model: Inventory, Marketing & Customer acquisition, Sales, Revenue assurance & Collection and the candidate will be responsible for the Sales Function. It is a hard core B2C profile and would require candidate manage a team of Frontline for selling of real estate projects marketed by IndiaHomes . MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES To lead a team of sales professionals consisting of property specialists to sell Residential Properties. To ensure that the team achieves the agreed targets. To translate business strategy to the team in a clear and easy way and link it to specific objectives To update team members of regular developments in the real estate market in India To gather in-depth information about projects being sold To lead the team and prepare them for next level challenges Manage client query along with business associates. To develop and maintain relationships with customers To create and send the monthly reports with accuracy and in time to management To ensure punctuality and discipline of self and team To work with HR to ensure the departmental performance of staff is productive To ensure a sense of urgency in the team with respect to customers To ensure optimum utilization of resources and reduction in costs To ensure that the CRM systems are accurately updated and the required documentation is completed for all To adhere to company policies and procedures Trend analysis and market research - complete scan of commercial formats, competition analysis, upcoming & existing real estate developments, regulatory framework, local laws and commercial procedures To conduct regular sales meetings with the team To work closely with the marketing team to identify channel opportunities To offer team members coaching, counseling, advice, support, motivation or information they need in order to help them meet their sales objectives To assist the sales team in their meetings whenever required If required , Negotiate terms and close the deals for BA activations. Work closely with operations/co-closure team to ensure hassle free after sales service. Keep close watch on the real estate market trends & reports complete scan on commercial formats, competition analysis, existing & upcoming real estate developments, regulatory framework, local laws & commercial procedures Support ongoing communication with key business stakeholders via verbal & written updates and reports INTERFACES Inventory (for availability of projects/units) Marketing (for various project campaigns and call patch) Operations (for co-closure and after sales services) SKILLS/ EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Bachelor/Masters degree with 7-12 years of experience in B2B Sales/ Channel Sales/Agency Sales. i.e Insurance /Broking ,FMCG, Telecom background . Excellent Team Management Skills, must have managed a team of 5-10 Good communication skills with reasonably good English. Strong Relationship Skills Strong financial aptitudes Proficient in computer skills Strong negotiation and transactional skills Must be willing to travel locally DESIRED CHARACTERISTICS Ability to work under pressure Motivational and leadership ability, lead by example. Good communication & interpersonal Skills Strong analytical & quantitative skills Goal oriented Presentable and well groomed at all times Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Insurance Broking Real Estate sales real estate Direct Sales & Marketing team handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IndiaWorld Technologies Pvt. Ltd. IndiaWorld Technologies Pvt. Ltd. IndiaHomes, headquartered in Gurgaon backed by Helion Venture and Foundation Capital investor firms of International repute, is Indias No.1 Property Advisory Company, serving its customers through a network of eight offices located in top cities in the country. Based on high ethics, professional services and transparent dealings, we have created an indispensable space for ourselves and are reinventing the landscape for property advisory business in India. We maintain the highest level of management and financial integrity and our entire Management Team is committed to building a professional Company keeping with international best practices in the property services business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details