TITLE: US IT Recruiters - Bangalore / Hyderabad - Fast Growing MNC

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings form USM Systems, We are hiring US IT recruitersÂ Position: Sr. IT RecruiterÂ Company: USM Systems ( www.usmsystems.com) Location: Bangalore / Hyderabad Notice Period: Need to Join Immediately /15 days Job Responsibilities: JD: Recruiting top talent for our Direct Clients and will also work closely with VMS system. Manage and execute end to end recruitment process from resourcing, searching, screening, target hunting, negotiating and recruiting candidates for varied IT skills. Must have an expert eye for reviewing resumes and making sound recommendations to the hiring teams. Aggressively work through Portals and Social Networking sites to identify candidates. Recruiter needed to work on US Time with experience calling and speaking with US citizens. Familiar with US Tax terminology (W2, 1099, C2C). English written and verbal communication skills MUST be outstanding. Should be highly networked, target driven, proactive and a positive attitude team player About USM: USM Business Systems Inc. is a quickly developing worldwide System Integrator, Software and Product Development, IT Outsourcing and Technology assistance supplier headquartered in Chantilly, VA with off-shore delivery centers in India. We offer world-class ability in giving most astounding quality and administrations through industry best practices planned to convey remarkable worth to our customers. Utilizing our industry knowledge, administration service offering expertise and innovation abilities, we distinguish new business and innovation slants and create answers for help customers around the globe, giving top of the line solid and practical IT benefits which are cost effective services. Established in 1999, the organization has corner qualities in building and dealing with a Business Oriented IT environment with rich involvement in technology innovation, ERP and CRM counselling, Product Engineering, Business Intelligence, Data Management, SOA, BPM, Data Warehousing, SharePoint Consulting and IT Infrastructure. Our other offerings include modified solutions and administrations in ERP, CRM, Enterprise architecture, offshore advisory services and e-commerce. Interested, please forward updated resume along with following details to thimmarajug@usmsystems.com Salary:INR Best Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills W2 C2C 1099 IT Staffing Contract Staffing US IT Staffing US Recruiting Recruitment and Staffing Technical Recruitment Recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: USM Business Systems About USM: USM Business Systems Inc. is a quickly developing worldwide System Integrator, Software and Product Development, IT Outsourcing and Technology assistance supplier headquartered in Chantilly, VA with off-shore delivery centers in India. We offer world-class ability in giving most astounding quality and administrations through industry best practices planned to convey remarkable worth to our customers. Utilizing our industry knowledge, administration service offering expertise and innovation abilities, we distinguish new business and innovation slants and create answers for help customers around the globe, giving top of the line solid and practical IT benefits which are cost effective services. Established in 1999, the organization has corner qualities in building and dealing with a Business Oriented IT environment with rich involvement in technology innovation, ERP and CRM counselling, Product Engineering, Business Intelligence, Data Management, SOA, BPM, Data Warehousing, SharePoint Consulting and IT Infrastructure. Our other offerings include modified solutions and administrations in ERP, CRM, Enterprise architecture, offshore advisory services and e-commerce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details