TITLE: Business Analyst - Ecommerce Startup

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position is responsible for leading critical processes (analysis, reporting, budget, and forecasting) for our eCommerce businesses. - Responsible for gathering, analyzing and reporting financial and operational information to the Finance, Digital Marketing, Store Operations, Buying and Warehouse departments. - Individual will monitor the performance of actual results versus prior year and budget for areas such as Sales, Coupons, Advertising, Inventory and Payroll productivity. - Analyze cost associated with all digital marketing channels and advertising to understand productivity and ROI. - Develop business models and various sensitivity analysis to quantify impact of potential opportunities relative to the eCommerce business. - Forecast inventory levels and turn. Work with merchandising team to analyze historical data to predict overall inventory levels and develop an overall strategy with fulfillment team for warehousing. - Analyze weekly payroll results; manage weekly FTE projections and other metrics developed to compare results to prior year and budget. Individual will partner with warehousing - management team to develop monthly and weekly goals for each warehouse facility. - Utilize monthly sales projections to forecast sales by week and month based on trends and promotional events. - Prepare ad-hoc reporting to management defining and evaluating overall profitability and recommending solutions for improvement - Lead in the development of ad-hoc analytical and reporting projections, as requested by senior management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Project Sales Digital Marketing Advertising Promotional Events Strategy Business Modeling Business Forecasting Store Operations Senior Management Business Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.A - Economics PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Work Experience Required - 3 to 8 YearsQualification - Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting, or Economics preferred. Company Profile: Conjugate leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details