TITLE: Principal Engineer/ Technologist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Principal Engineer/Technologist Software (Train Performance) Essential Responsibilities The Principal Engineer/Technologist demonstrates accountability for functional, business and broad company objectives. In this role you will integrate and develop processes that meet business needs across the organization, manage complex issues within functional area(s) of expertise, be involved in long-term product and technology (MGPP) planning and contribute to the overall Digital strategy for GE Transportation. Deep domain knowledge of Locomotive Systems, Train handling, rail road operations to identify, develop, evaluate and introduce embedded software solutions to meet near term and long range business needs for railroads industry and operations. Provide technical & design guidance for large distributed systems architecture & design for both - new products & improvement in existing products. Provide technical consultation on product issues throughout the product life cycle - including development and field support. Manage obsolescence of products & come-up with solutions around the same. Lead and provide key technical direction to develop the generic software solutions as a product - which can be applied to all the global regions, all GE Locomotive platforms, non-GE Locomotives and Railroad operations. Contribute towards business growth strategy by gauging the industry trend & suggesting enhancements in existing product lines LOCOTROL, Trip Optimizer, OB-INC, RIM etc and proposing new NPI/NTI. Define & document an appropriate design review risk assessment & review process to facilitate Agile & preside over such formal design reviews to ensure that sound software processes and tools have been applied to the designs being reviewed. While working on active NPI or requisition, will have responsibility to meet Quality, Cost and Schedule target in addition to mitigating the technical risk. Develop & execute strategy for establishing contemporary, world class, software products using latest technology that may be deployed worldwide and acceptable to customer and industry. Collaborate with other GE businesses, work closely with internal & external customers to understand the expectations and requirements and suppliers as required Provide technical consultation to cross-functional teams and leadership throughout the business to improve or resolve software product issue or field issues. Effectively communicate and provide recommendations through the analysis, preparation and presentation of technical data to internal and external GE customers using reports, records and other documentations. Use knowledge and expertise to support preparation of winning proposals in anticipation of business product needs. Prepare invention disclosures to protect technology that gives the business a competitive advantage, as well as protecting the intellectual property rights of the company. Provide coaching, mentoring, direction and training to new and experienced software engineers, architects, specialists, technicians and co-ops. Requirements Bachelor/Masters degree in Electrical/ Electronics/ Instrumentation/ Computer Science & Engineering from a reputed Institution/ University. At least 15 years of experience in a software development environment with at least 5 years as Software Architect or equivalent. Strong knowledge of Embedded Software Product development (design & Architecture), experience with low level programming, device driver, RTOS and application development Strong fundamentals of object oriented design methodologies and experience with Object Oriented Programming languages such as C++, C#, .Net on Linux, RTOS & Windows platform Desired Characteristics Masters in Computer Science Deep hands-on experience software data structure, algorithms & design patterns for enterprise architecture systems. Knowledge of Apps development on mobile platform iOS, Android, Symbian. Experienced in Agile Software development methodology. Good understanding of best coding practices, unit testing, peer code reviews, continuous deployment, software life-cycle, etc. Demonstrated ability to document, plan, develop & build large distributed systems related technology and products that further the knowledge, understanding and capability of the business in related markets Demonstrated ability in problem analysis and resolution Demonstrated leadership in defining and advancing the state of the art software design & architecture along with the ability to teach and set standard practices within this field. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills C++ Android Linux Symbian .Net Algorithms RTOS C#.Net Languages Object Oriented Programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details