TITLE: Telecalling Executive / BDE - Bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Will be responsible to develop relationship with the existing as well as new customers through telecalling. 2. Will be responsible for follow up with sales team to close the lead. 3. Coordination with back office operation team for data updation. 4. Preparation of MIS report. 5. Coordination with HO. Job Location : BTM Layout Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills Tele - Marketing Tele - Sales Tele - Calling Business Development bde lead generation marketing sales client servicing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required - Good communication skills- Good client servicing skills- MS Office, Especially good in Excel.- Relevant Experience of tele calling preferably in Elevator / Escalator / Construction / Real Estate / Cement, etc- Candidate with Multi lingual skills will be preferred. Company Profile: Escon Elevators Pvt. Ltd. ESCON is an ISO 9001 - 2008 Certified Company for Design, Manufacturing of Quality products and safety standards as per IS 14665. We have Got NSIC CRISIL PERFORMANCE AND CREDIT RATING-SE1B which indicates Highest Performance Capability and moderate financial strength. ESCON has completed 25 years and continue integration of advanced technologies through innovation and service. ESCON Elevator is one of the fastest growing company and leading manufacturer of Elevators and Escalators. ESCON produces various kinds of elevators and escalators which integrates fullfledged Research and Development, Production, Manufacturing, Testing and Quality assurance, Installation, Modernisation, Maintenance and aftersales service are under one roof in a professional way. The sales network covers all large and medium cities in India. ESCON learned a lot of details in line of business which helped to develop a variety of products which could compete with the products offered by the indigenous and multinational companies. During this period, we installed many elevators at various locations including Government bodies as well as private enterprises in India and abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details