TITLE: Assistant Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description As one of the worlds leading consultancies operating in the built and natural environment, we offer unparalleled opportunities for talented individuals in search of a rewarding career both in India and around the world. Atkins India is committed to design excellence in the delivery of first class solutions which combine innovation, imagination and best practice. Our Water Networks team is one of the longest established specialist teams of its kind, providing consultancy and field support services to clients for the operation, performance and management of clean water networks in UK. Due to our continuing expansion we currently have an opportunity for assistant engineer for offshore executed projects from Bangalore, India. Working in a multidisciplinary team of technicians, designers and engineers providing a professional design service to our clients, this is an ideal opportunity for individuals looking to develop their international experience with a world renowned consultant. Requirements This position will suit an individual with broad technical capabilities and experience in water distribution and supply. Candidates should preferably be educated to Bachelor or Masters level in Civil Engineering or Science based subject. Experience should preferably include an understanding of the operation of water distribution and supply networks, including hydraulic analysis, hydraulic network modelling and leakage management practices. The candidate should have: M. Tech/ B. E in Civil Engineering. Minimum 3 years experience, preferably based on delivering projects to the UK Water Industry. Sufficient and appropriate experience of working within a technical environment (Water projects) Able to independently work on data processing and analysis to a high standard. The ability to develop innovative solutions to engineering problems. Working knowledge of software such as InfoWorks, Epanet, SynerGee, Aquis and MapInfo. Working knowledge of British Standards is desirable. Computer literacy e. g. Word, Excel and Outlook Excellent English spoken and written skills within a business environment Working to defined timescales and following an approved methodology will be key features of the role Responsibilities As a member of the Water Networks team, you will provide a range of technical support associated with water related projects. Hydraulic analysis of water supply networks. Data processing and analysis Preparation of technical reports & presentation of results, conclusions & recommendations Responding to client directions in a receptive and customer focused manner maintaining technical quality standards Have an aptitude to multi task and to be self starting in new business environments and service areas. The Individual Demonstrable track record of technical achievement and client satisfaction within the water industry Ability to apply technical knowledge in analysing problems and creating solutions Willingness to travel to the UK for short term assignments and training Ability to adapt to different cultures and working environments Ability to build rapport with customers and colleagues Well motivated and able to work as part of a team or on individual assignments when required Able to work and communicate effectively within multidisciplinary teams Flexible approach to work Ability to work on your own initiative Strong attention to detail and ability to make correct judgment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills service offshore civil engineering water supply maintaining technical support water hydraulic working english Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil PG:M.Tech - Civil Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atkins Global Atkins Global Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details