TITLE: Frontend Developer - Angularjs/ Bootstrap - Ecommerce

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a self-motivated front-end developer to be part of the Group Core Service Department. This department covers membership, points, checkout, payment, coupon, and Edy (E-Money). This position is part of the team in charge of improving user experience and design. This includes meeting with business employees, designers, and engineers. An ability to smoothly communicate with these three types of people will help you significantly at work. You will be involved in the planning and execution of our future web sites. This involves competitor research, self-improvement learning, and implementation of new ideas. Your typical responsibilities will include development, QA testing, and general web administration tasks. A strong work ethic, clear communication skills, creativity and a sense of pride in what you create will help you succeed in this position. Required Qualifications: 4+ years- experience as a front-end developer or related position, creating both websites and web applications Boot strap, Angular JS Complete knowledge and usability of HTML and CSS including responsive design Strong knowledge of jQuery and JavaScript Complete understanding of GIT and best practices for version history Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and their solutions Ability to gracefully degenerate in older versions of IE Ability to cross test between both desktop and devices Excellent English communication skills (speaking/listening) Preferable Skills: SASS Understanding of Corporate Design Professional experience with one or more of the following: AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, and/or EmberJS Experience using Eclipse Education Requirements: Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science or IT related field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML Javascript CSS JQuery Eclipse GIT Web Technologies Web Administration Usability User Experience Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Superior Talent India Leading client of Superior Talent India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details