TITLE: Territory Manager- Product Care: Packaging Industry/ Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should be able to achieve business objectives for the region. People management and development is a key result area. Customer service and relationship management. Existing and new customer development. Monthly stock requirement forecasting and building annual business plans. Distribution and vendor management. Ensuring administrative and financial requirements of the company are met from time to time. Maintain a comprehensive outlook of the region and future trends. B2B Sales experience. Act as a key contributor to the Strategy making team. Ensure timely provision of training to the team. Plan for retention of stable performers and improvement plans for weak performers. Identify opportunities to enhance visibility in the market i.e through participation in exhibitions, fairs, etc. Contribute new ideas for product development also test the idea. Give timely feed back about the product operation and working to the technical team. Act as a customized service provider to the key customers. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: Printing / Packaging Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills weighing Packaging Customer servicing Relationship Management Vendor Management B2B sales Packaging Solutions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Initiate new product development.To construct the regional budget, both top line and on costs.Receivables within norms, costs as per budgets.To identify, track and handle competitive moves and subsequent customer negotiations.To direct, motivate, guide the sales team in achieving the business results.Analysis of demand forecasting.Business knowledge of the industry, must be self-motivated, creative with a high-level of energy, customer focus, strong selling / negotiation skills, knowledge of product and its application, Current awareness, Basic knowledge of chemistry and formulation, Cost analysis, Good conceptual & problem solving skills essential, Must possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, Result oriented, CRM, key account management, leadership. Company Profile: Genuine Management Services Pvt. Limited Leading Client of Genuine Management Services Leading name in Packaging Industry Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details