TITLE: Consultant Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GENERAL SUMMARY Develops software solutions for external clients based on detailed specifications from technology/systems consultants. Responsible for the design, development, testing, documentation and analysis of modules or features of new or upgraded software systems and products. Develops and/or executes implementation according to project plans and priorities. SW Engineers may develop a range of products including device drivers, patches, operating system modifications, EDI routines, etc. Plans, designs, develops and tests software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Uses skills, abilities and experiences to drive industry competitive products to market through skillful interactions with senior executives. Designs system level architecture and is seen as a visionary, providing input to product direction and strategy. Uses independent judgment to accomplish goals and objectives. Actively seeks customer input, may take responsibility for customer situations, (internal and external customers). Acts as a prime consultant on critical projects that impact long term organizational goals and objectives. Sphere of influence likely to involve people outside of EMC. Has insight into industry trends and communicates vision to guide organizational and EMC strategy. Works on unusually complex problems and provides solutions, which are highly innovative. Contributes technical expertise to help determine requirements and functional specifications for entire system. Contributes to cost/delivery/quality targets. Works effectively with cross-functional and/or global teams, readily shares information with others . SKILLS Possesses strong product/technology/industry knowledge. Knowledge of appropriate development languages. Problem solving skills. General knowledge and application of engineering concepts. Communication skills. Ability to analyze information and draw accurate conclusions. Time management skills. Ability to work in a team environment. Knowledge of job associated database/software/documentation. Understanding of business environment. Project management skills. Ability to influence others to achieve results. Presentation skills. Mentoring/Coaching skills. Knowledge of the technical aspects of hardware/software subject matter. EMC Values: When you choose our company, you join a diverse world of innovative thought leaders. At our core is a commitment to workplace diversity, the sustainability of our planet, and community corporate involvement. We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities-all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development documentation emc coaching sustainability shares edi operating system skills benefits Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: EMC Data Storage Systems (India) Private Limited. Who we are: EMC Corporation is the world leader in products, services, and solutions for information storage and management. What we do We help customers of all sizes manage their growing information from the time of its creation to its archival and eventual disposal through information lifecycle management. EMC information infrastructure solutions are the foundation of this mission. An EMC information infrastructure unifies networked storage technologies, storage platforms, software, and services to help organizations better and more cost-effectively manage, protect, and share information. EMC's Vision EMC's vision is to create the ultimate information lifecycle management company and help customers in getting the maximum value from their information at the lowest total cost, at every point in the information lifecycle. With 2005 revenues of $9.66 billion, and approximately 26,500 employees worldwide, EMC is the world leader in products, services, and solutions for information storage and management. EMC Software Group (ESG) is among the 10 largest software companies in the world. EMC2. Where information lives. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details