TITLE: Consultant

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Opportunity: Consultants are subject-matter experts on the services and solutions that Gallup provides to clients. They draw from their deep understanding of Gallup's practice areas - strengths/selection development, employee engagement, marketplace practices, leadership development, and more - to help create solutions that optimize client business performance. Consultants are responsible for: Continuously growing their expertise in Gallup's core practice areas and consulting developments. Coordinating teams and establishing partnerships to provide integrated and coherent consulting processes. Partnering with business development teams throughout the design and implementation of client engagements. Demonstrating flexibility and creativity to design programs that meet specific client needs. Offering actionable advice and establishing credibility with VP-level and C-level executives. Creating organizational change and measuring implemented successes. Qualifications: An MBA or master's degree and 3 to 5 years of consulting experience is required. Consultants with experience in customer, attitude, and brand research and/or employee selection and development are strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in India in a full-time basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Project Management SPSS STATA Excel Analytics Statistics MS Office Research Analysis Communication Skills Verbal Communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gallup India Private Limited Gallup's forward-thinking research, analytics, and advice help leaders around the world solve their most pressing problems. Combining more than 75 years of experience with our global reach, we know more about the attitudes and behaviors of the world's constituents, employees, and customers than any other organization. Gallup helps private and public organizations boost organic growth through measurement tools, strategic advice, and education. Our 2,000 professionals deliver services at client organizations, through the Web, and in nearly 40 offices around the world. Gallup hires people who bring energy, enthusiasm, and the right talents to our unique workplace. Our associates are self-starters with a mission to achieve great things and to contribute to new ideas and fresh concepts that are rooted in profound research and refined intelligence. Through hard work and collaboration, Gallup associates strive to build great relationships with each other and in client organizations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details