TITLE: Senior Developer / Senior Quality Engineer Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. JOB POSTING TITLE Senior Developer / Senior Quality Engineer PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES START Tool is a revolutionary solution for test automation. It utilizes the capability of SAP test workbench and allows users/developers to automate the testing process. START tool can automate any application developed with FIORI or UI5 technology. It also supports SAP CRM WebUI. As a Developer in START Tool development team, you will be working in a team of talented and motivated colleagues, following agile methodologies and the industry's best practices. You will be responsible for development and support of START tool. While involving in development tasks you will also be able to learn test automation, selenium framework, SAP eCATT and various SAP UI technologies. RESPONSIBILITIES Quality engineering for all developments done for new features along with existing features. Create, maintain and execute continuous manual as well as automated tests for START tool. Innovate new ways to test the tool and support development activities. Organize and manage test executions and report test execution status. REQUIREMENTS Education BE / BTech. In Computer Science or related field with 65% aggregate through out education qualifcation. Required skills Experience with eCATT Experience with Selenium Knowledge of continuous integration tools like Jenkins Excellent Problem-solving and analytical skills Creative thinking, willingness and ability to quickly learn new concepts and technologies, as well as testing methodologies Excellent team player, with strong communication skills, passionate about his/her work, self-motivated. Fluency in English Additional desired skills Development/Quality Engineering experience with any test automation tool will be preferred Selenium Scripting (automating different web applications) Understanding of ABAP, Java, XML and HTML DOM. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Quality Engineer Developer ERP Engineer Engineering Technology Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 4-7 years of relevant experience in software development/maintenance/quality engineering/test automationCareerl Level : T2/T3SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.Additional Locations:No Selection Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details