TITLE: Proxy & Web Security Engineer Lead, Global Network Services

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Network Services (GNS) supports one of the world's largest enterprise networks - voice & data - spanning over 50 countries with over 1 million data network ports, 25, 000 network devices, 600 PBX systems, 800 voice mail systems, and 65 call center sites with over 26, 000 seats. Innovation is a key priority with an expanding portfolio of over 75, 000 VoIP end-points, 50 high definition video conferencing systems, and the ongoing expansion of service-provider-class ultra-long haul networks, global WAN networks and regional MPLS networks. This position is responsible for the engineering of the companys network security infrastructure with a focus on proxies and web security. The individual will manage our forward proxy and WAN acceleration infrastructure. This position will also manage a reverse proxy infrastructure fronting our external facing web infrastructure and be responsible for security controls. This position works on a team of senior engineers responsible for all Network Security Services within the firm including IDS/ IPS, perimeter protections, firewalls, load balancing, content forwarding, remote access, and wireless. The individual will be responsible for the analysis of the organizations business needs and then the related design, implementation, and maintenance of the network infrastructure to support those business needs. The individual must be able to create network plans, ensure technology interoperability, document existing and proposed network infrastructure, maintain relationships with technical solution providers, and provide fourth tier troubleshooting/ support. This includes recommending hardware and software to meet the organizations IT needs, as well as managing the rolling out of new equipment and systems, and ensuring that corrective and preventative measures are performed on existing equipment and systems. Lab evaluation of the selected platforms and design will require individual to develop a test strategy and tools. Strong interpersonal skills are important. Requires an understanding of the networking needs of the organization as a whole and be able to present technical solutions to senior management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills perl networking shell scripting python troubleshooting voip wan network security wireless service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The position requires a minimum of 5 years of practical, hands-on experience performing operational, implementation, or engineering functions in proxy and web applications. The individual should have expert level experience with web security and underlying network protocols. A very good understanding of available network operating systems and network equipment is essential. Must be experienced in large enterprise or service provider network architecture, analysis, and engineering design, in which they had an active role interfacing with business units. Other required skills: - Network certification (s) - 4 Year college degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical degree - 5 years of experience with Bluecoat Proxies - A good understanding and experience with web security and WAN acceleration. - Proficiency in Python / PERL is required. Knowledge of Shell Scripting and macros is desirable. - Good understanding of UNIX / Linux and Windows operating system is required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details