TITLE: Dell Boomi - Systems Integ Sr.advisor - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be responsible in owing and manage the technical enablement and training for Dell Boomis large global System Integrator (GSI) Partners. Act as the technical information conduit between the partner and Dell for Partners core technical teams. Defines and deliver training and enablement to ensure partners are technically capable. In this role you will be reporting to the Director, Solutions Engineering in United States. Role Responsibilities Act as the key technical enablement resource for Dell Boomi GSI partners and willing to travel as per business needs. Develop a trusted advisor relationship with Partner key stakeholders and executive sponsors to ensure partner develops excellent skills in the Dell Boomi AtomSphere platform Leverage comprehensive understanding of the Dell Boomi platform to provide relevant adoption and technical recommendations on solutions and enhancements customized to partners' business needs. Conduct workshops/ webinars with the partner teams to keep them updated on new releases and best practices and evangelize Dell Boomi within the partner community. Act as the primary training resource for GSI partners including delivering Dell Boomi technical training to partners Understand and articulate new platform requirements/ enhancements from the partner to Product Development and track progress. Effectively articulate complex information to a variety of technical and non-technical partners. Requirements Experience in one or more of the following: training, technical account management, project management or consulting -- ideally in Integration areas, SaaS experience desirable. Prior training delivery experience with curriculum development experience a plus Technical knowledge of integration technologies, capabilities, best use and how to deploy, including knowledge of one or more of Dell Boomi/ Mulesoft/ Informatica/ Tibco/ SoftwareAG Webmethods/ IBM Cast Iron Experience dealing with System Integrators with ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure Aptitude both for analyzing technical concepts and translating them into training needs / curriculum Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills account management travel consulting product development project management dealing mca dell informatica tibco Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required MCA/ BE/ B. Tech/ ME/ M. Tech Minimum of 6 years relevant work experience "LIIN" Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details