TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Skills & Experience: 1. Deep hands-on expertise in UI technologies including HTML5, Javascript and Angular based UI development in a TDD driven approach 2. Deep experience in developing cross platform UI for embedded/ mobile systems 3. Proven expertise in code review/optimization, analysis of issues and resolving technical issues 4. Bachelor's Degree / Masters in a Software Engineering discipline 5. 10+ years experience in software design and development, with at least 5 years experience in UI development using web technologies 6. Experience in working with Ux/Usability experts to create intuitive and contemporary user interfaces 7. Demonstrated ability to work in a team, especially in mentoring and guiding team members 8. Experience in product development and unit testing frameworks 9. Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills Company Description: As a division of GE Healthcare, GE Healthcare IT is uniquely positioned to deliver integrated care solutions and we are investing $2 billion in software to create and enable technology that improves the way healthcare is delivered to patients globally. GE can fuse its 130 year track record of revolutionizing healthcare with tomorrows technology to stay ahead of constantly evolving healthcare needs. We are one of the only global companies with a broad portfolio of medical devices, software, services, consulting, integration and financing capabilities that can be applied across new integrated care delivery models. Our vision is to deliver the next generation of IT performance breakthroughs for health systems caregivers and the patients they serve. Both patients and providers need more consistent, higher quality outcomes, and GE Healthcare IT is helping drive this transformation across the industry. We deliver the tools and solutions to help drive better outcomes. By accelerating workflows, streamlining processes, and improving analytics capabilities, we liberate and create new value from the data captured by software and technologygiving our customers the tools they need to help drive better outcomes and giving patients a more informed and proactive healthcare experience. Our mission is to be the market leader in integrated care solutions Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Javascript UI Development Design Development Angular UI Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GE Healthcare The Global Technologies Team Leader - India is responsible for driving excellence and technical leadership in India for hardware product development activities. The team lead is responsible for guiding activities in laboratory operations, part libraries, and development of platform technologies. As a member of the Global Technologies team, you will help deploy the global hardware development strategies to the local team. You will provide leadership and guidance to team members. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details