TITLE: Staff Nurse/1-3 Yrs/bangalore

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Staff Nurse Location: Bangalore Job Type: Permanent Exp: 1-3 years Gender : Female Interested candidates please send resumes to deepa,j@nhhospitals.org / +91 9538870999 Or candidates can directly walkin on Thursday (9 am-11pm) Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited, Narayana Institute of Cardiac Science (Hospital), HR Department, Basement (Cardiac block), #258/A,Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal Taluk, Hosur Road, Bangalore -99 Contact person: deepa Job Description : 1.Staff Nurse work directly with patients and their families. 2.They are the primary point of contact between the patients and the health care both at the bedside and in out - patients setting. 3.Staff Nurse perform frequent patient evaluations, including monitoring and tracking vital signs, performing procedures such as phlebotomy and administering medications because the staff nurse is in much more regular contact with patients than are physicians. 4.The staff nurses are the one who first notices the problems or raises concerns about patient's progress or problems. 5.Staff nurse develop the day to day nursing care plans both in hospital and for care on discharge. 6.Staff Nurse does the details patient and family teaching. 7. Staff Nurse follow all the policy and protocol of the hospital and is responsible for all the documentation of her patients care. Thanks and regards Deepa Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Nurse Keyskills Healthcare and Hospitals Nursing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Nursing PG:M.Sc - Nursing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Narayana Hrudayalaya Health City Narayana Health (www.narayanahealth.org), one of India's largest and World's most economical healthcare service providers is set to emerge as a global industry model for its ability to reconcile quality, affordability, scale, transparency, credibility and sustainable profitability. Narayana Health has grown to a 7500 beds healthcare conglomerate in 2014 with 29 hospitals present in 17 Cities within the country. The group has already established its presence in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Berhampore, Dharwad, Davangere, Durgapur, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Jamshedpur, Jodhpur, Kolar, Kolkata, Kuppam, Mysore, Mahuva, Raipur and Shimoga. Also we are present across India i.e in Cayman Island. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details