TITLE: Customer Acquisition Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Responsibilities: - Advises prospective customers by answering incoming calls and chats Influences customers to buy or retain service by following a prepared script to give product reference information. Documents transactions by completing forms and record logs. Maintains database by entering, verifying, and backing up data. Maintains operations by following policies and procedures. Maintains quality service by following organization standards. Maintains technical knowledge required to discharge responsibilities( training will be provided) Provide continous feedback to Marketing team to position the service. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing Executive Keyskills Customer Acquisition Marketing Operations Service Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Desired profile of the candidate - Ideally a fresher with excellent communication skills, willing to learn and grow with one of the fastest growing startups in Mental Health care.Skills and Qualifications:Persuasion, Telephone Sales, Customer Focus, Data Entry Skills, Selling to Customer Needs, Closing Skills, Telephone Skills, Organization, Energy Level, Persistence, Product Knowledge Company Profile: HealthEminds At HealthEminds, we are dedicated to helping you help yourself. A healthy mind is at the heart of living a healthy life. We believe in a holistic approach and provide various types of Online Psychiatry and Counselling services which are integrated with a secure and confidential video technology platform. In order to guarantee our client's privacy we work in compliance with HIPAA client anonymity and confidentiality policies to ensure that all personal and medical health information received is maintained and transmitted through a highly secure environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details