TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose The Software Engineer who has the responsibilities extending to the development of systems software in MICT, esp in the area of CT Scanner Domain in C++ application on Linux . Essential Responsibilities 1. Working closely with Tech leads in requirements gathering and software design on PET Recon and Acquisition. 2. Working closely with Systems team to understand the PET Recon algorithums and productizing them. 3. Designing and implementing the features on PET Recon and Acquisition features and platform , thus own them end-to-end. 4. Interacting with global teams to promote consistency and maximize synergies across common software platforms. 5. Development of applications and features in adhrence with Healthcare regulatory spec and in alliance with SDLC lifecycle. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C++ Software Engineering Platforms Linux Software Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements 1. Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or equivalent2. 5-7 years of experience in the technology field which mainly focused on C++ and Linux (desired).3. Software development cycle and automated testing experience4. Experience in object oriented design methodology and various programming languages esp in C/C++5. Working knowledge in configuration management tools such as ClearCase.Quality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position.2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines.3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required.Desired Characteristics Exposure to design and development of CT Scanner Image Processing. Awareness about SDLC lifecycle esp in Healthcare industry. Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details