TITLE: Senior Executive

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To provide prompt services to employees for a conducive working environment and making arrangements for various meetings/client visits at the assigned facility as per requirements. (1.) To organize and co-ordinate for visits of client delegation as per requests. (2.) To organize the internal and external meetings as per logistics requirements. (3.) To manage vendors and to raise vendor invoice and close them appropriately in the system. (4.) To resolve employee issues and escalations raised. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Industrial/Labour Relations Manager Keyskills Quality tech lead java SQL consultant software analyst technical Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details