TITLE: Business Process Senior Consultant Job

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES SAP is the global market leader for business software and thus contributes a considerable part of the world's economic power grid. At SAP you get your chance to put your ideas into action with maximum impact. SAP America, Inc. seeks a Business Processes Senior Consultant at our Newtown Square, PA, location or other major metropolitan area in the United States and various client sites nationwide to be responsible for delivering solution-based procurement consulting at customer projects. Core to these skill sets is emotional intelligence, great functional skills and experience, strong customer orientation, and a passion for delivering world-class consulting on a consistent basis. - The Aribas Sr. Consultant is charged with customer focused delivery and Ariba solution expertise. The Senior Consultant is responsible for delivering sound, high quality deliverables on time and within budget. - The Senior Consultants are focused on the rapid transformation of client organizations into world-class managers of spend, through innovative, high-quality, global, Spend Management Solutions that create sustainable bottom-line results. - As a member of the Software Implementation Team, the Field Senior Consultant serves as Ariba Solutions expert on application functionality and technical requirements. - He/ or she is responsible for effectively applying the Ariba deployment process to meet customer needs within the realm and scope of the Statement of Work (SOW) . - Senior Consultants can work on all aspects of the implementation process including participation in the sales process in developing scope of work and requirements gathering, managing the client relationship, project management, and coordinating technical resources. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Customer Focus - Uses knowledge of customers business and industry to assess findings and shape solutions. - Influences the opinions and decisions of clients using understanding of clients organizational processes and structure. - Speaks to a variety of customers from different departments, at different levels, and in large or small groups (e. g. client project manager, technical team) . - Knows customer problems and anticipates their needs. - Identifies client issues and approaches for determining potential solutions. - Recognizes the service needs associated with a client-focused business model. - Dedicated to delivering exceptional results. - Makes the client successful within the realm and scope of the Statement of Work (SOW) . - Leads customers through the lifecycle of an Ariba implementation. - Guides customers through the design process to make decisions with full visibility into Ariba Best Practices. - Assists customers in the development of processes and procedures which leverage Ariba solution functionality being deployed. - Authors Technical design documents. - Plans and manages project tasks and resources to ensure deliverables are on time, within budget, and meet quality standards to achieve high customer satisfaction. - Often will lead some portion of the customer deployment. - Can deploy Ariba solutions that they may not have previously deployed. - Shares expertise through training and communications with customers ensuring knowledge transfer and the desired level of self-sufficiency is achieved. Ariba Solution Expertise - Builds solution, customer, and industry knowledge by leveraging the appropriate resources (internally at Ariba and externally at the client) . - Synthesizes learnings into a logical story using quantitative/ qualitative data and/ or sound reasoning. - Communicates to effectively resolve problems or issues. - Applies a broad knowledge of Ariba applications/ solutions. - Establishes credibility as a conduit for solutions expertise with customers (e. g. , positive customer feedback) , and is viewed as trusted advisor to the customer - Quickly learns new Ariba solutions in order to present them credibly and confidently to clients and Ariba consultants. Teamwork - Executes with minimal guidance and shows strong initiative. - Works with project manager to determine what resources/ skills are needed (e. g. , other consultants, product management, engineering, Shared Services (former GSO) , technical support) and brings them in as necessary. - Maintains regular communication with team members (e. g. , face-to-face, via voicemails, emails) so everyone understands what the others are working on. - Proactively collaborates with teammates to anticipate and respond to issues that could impact solution delivery (e. g. , change in scope) . - Displays proactive communication (i. e. , face-to-face meetings and phone calls are more frequent than emails) . - Manages internal and external resources to optimize client impact. - Serves as liaison between customer and Ariba internal teams such as Product and Technical Support, Sales, Field Technology, Product Management, and Training. Practice Development - Assists to refine existing or assists in developing new intellectual property and methodology, frameworks and tools (e. g. , questionnaires, presentations, implementation methodology, and performance management) based on project experience, research, and analysis. - Actively contributes to knowledge capital. - Assists in developing and leading trainings on area of expertise. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Business, Technology, or related - Master's degree - Fluent English - Travel Required (50%) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Business Process ERP Consulting SAP Engineer Management Technology Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 6 years of experience required (Bachelor's degree) Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details