TITLE: Relationship Manager - Branch Banking

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Originates/ develops new and expands existing High Net Worth Customer relationships for liabilities, specifically and across the range of Kotak Mahindra product offering. Sources new bank customers through external individual efforts and acquisition channel. Develops data base for lead generation, identifies market segments, strategize with acquisition channel. Ensures high levels of customer service orientation and application of bank policy in external staff. Relationship Management follows up with client through telecalling, written correspondence and field visits to provide information of the banks products and services and seek customer deposits. Builds long term personal relationship with clients through relationship calling efforts and social interaction. Cross sells existing bank products to customers. Informs customers of new products or product enhancements to further expand the banking relationship. Plans and conducts special sales initiatives and events for prospective and existing clients. Coordinates with other group companies to provide Bank customers with seamless access to other group products. Records and responds to customers complaints, questions, problems. Ensures fast and quality turn-around time for responses. MIS generation, maintains records for all acquisition figures and account upgradations. Maintains complete relationship record for assigned customer accounts. Tracks customer complaints/queries and turnaround times to ensure high level of customer satisfaction and provide information for product and service enhancements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Sales Initiatives Selling Liabilities Relationship Management Branch Banking Customer Service Orientation Lead Generation Calling Product Service Customer Satisfaction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Graduate - 4 -6 years of experience AMFI / IRDAPost Graduate - 2 -6 years of experience AMFI / IRDA Company Profile: Ing Vysya Bank Ltd. Established in 1985, the Kotak Mahindra Group is one of India's leading financial services conglomerates. In February 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd. (KMFL), the Group's flagship company, received a banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With this, KMFL became the first non-banking finance company in India to become a bank - Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. The consolidated balance sheet of Kotak Mahindra Group is over 1 lakh crore and the consolidated net worth of the Group stands at 13,943 crore (approx US$ 2.6 billion) as on September 30, 2012. The Group offers a wide range of financial services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking, to stock broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across India, and international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.kotak.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details