TITLE: Lead Program Manager - Asia Platform

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Successful candidate will be responsible for driving and executing new NPI programs for Asia platform. This position will work closely with Product line, commercial sourcing, logistics and other engineering CoEs to drive successful completion of engineering programs. Responsibilities Lead Program Manager demonstrates leadership in communicating business goals & programs. In this role you will utilize your experience or expertise to solve problems, develop and execute objectives for self and others, and have the ability to effect short-term and some long-term business goals. -Program execution, budget, and schedule -Define marketing and technical features -Customer/IE interface -Manage system, subsystem, & comp DRs -Deliver the BOM and BOM accuracy - Certification - Field issues (PAC, RCA) - Product cost - Lead multi-disciplinary project team including coaching and technical direction to meet project deliverables - Work closely with other disciplines including Engineering ,Product line, Sourcing Requirements - Masters/ Bachelors degree in Engineering - Experience in program management in new products, Technology or Application/Requisition, cost/ certification. - At least 3 years of wind technology experience. Desired Characteristics - Demonstrated competency in using standard project management tools - Ability to apply advanced aspects of the engineering field and quality assurance concepts to - Solve practical business problems - Strong oral and written communication skills - Strong interpersonal and leadership skills - Ability to successfully lead a team in a highly matrixed environment Ability to coordinate several projects simultaneously Proven analytical and organizational ability Capable of developing and writing specifications in an engineering environment Strong quality mindset Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills Project Management Program Management NPI Schedule Quality Assurance Written Communication Leadership Skills Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details