TITLE: Cloud Manager - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Come join LiteLabs Cloud team. Imagine what you could do here. At LiteLabs, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The iCloud team is looking for a hands-on engineering manager with a passion for large scale, big data, internet applications that can keep up with the demands of 100M+ users. The successful candidate has demonstrated experience in building high-performing systems that are scalable and extensible. You will be collaborating with engineering teams throughout Apple to define and build the web service and storage platforms that power iCloud. This is a terrific opportunity for an engineering manager interested in developing the next generation of cloud support for iOS and OS X. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Cloud Manager iOS NoSQL databases Hadoop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Key Qualifications 5+ years as an engineering manager with hiring responsibilities History of successful product delivery Designing, implementing and supporting highly scalable applications and web services in Java or C/C++ Multithreaded and event-driven programming Common web services protocols (HTTP, SSL, REST) Ability to thrive in a cross-functional team on high profile, critical projectsAdditional RequirementsNetty, MINA or other Java event-driven programming, or knowledge of Apache internals Memcached NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Cassandra Hadoop and related technologies such as Cascading and Apache Pig LinuxEducation: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent. Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details