TITLE: sap abap

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1-1) SAP OO ABAP & Webdynpro Work Location: Electronic City, Bangalore Exp : 4-8 Years JD: Should have Implementation experience in Webdynpro Expert in SAP Object Oriented ABAP Good communication skills - interpersonal, verbal and written - is a must have skill, very important for the project. SAP Certification would be an added advantage. 2)SAP OO ABAP Workflow Developer Exp: 4 - 8 Years Work Location: Electronic city, Bangalore JD: Expert in SAP Object Oriented ABAP Should have Implementation experience in Workflow Good communication skills - interpersonal, verbal and written - is a must have skill, very important for the project. SAP Certification would be an added advantage. 3)SAP HANA Developers Work Location: Electronic city, Bangalore Exp: 5 -10 Years Job Description: Strong experience in ABAP Object oriented programming with good understanding of Data models Good knowledge in using joins for modelling Information models Working experience with Eclipse IDE and HANA studio Experience in writing Stored procedures with scripts Rich Data modelling experience in HANA studio - Attribute , Analytical , Calculation , Decision tables etc Experience in using SQL script debugger and analyzing SQL execution with plan visualizer Experience with ABAP Test Cockpit and performance analysis tools for developments on HANA Experience with new syntax based on Open SQL(SAP NetWeaver 7.4) , core data services, and ABAP-managed database procedures is a must Strong conceptual knowledge of PAL methods and Text search functionality Defining CDS Views using CDS editor and consumption of CDS Views in ABAP Programs Experience in creating object privileges , analytic privileges etc SAP OO ABAP & FI Developer Work Location: Electronic City, Bangalore Exp : 4-8 Years JD: Overall around 4 to 8 years of ABAP development experience Have worked extensively in OOP ABAP/4 and must have worked in design patterns. Should have worked on large ABAP development project Experience in FICO module is must Practical experience with implementation of SAP in a SOA based landscape Practical experience with implementation of SAP where SAP GUI is not the main user interface Experience with Agile/SCRUM projects Experience with Test Automation through ABAP Test Cockpit Interested candidates can share there profile to swathi.k@avanitechsolutions.com Salary:INR 60,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAP ABAP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Avani Tech Solutions Private Limited We build awesome software solutions. Period. Ever since our conception in 2008, Avani Technology Solutions has been enabling IT solutions for our clients across the globe. Specializing in software development and custom software solutions is only a part of what we do. We are also adept at providing skilled IT professionals in the fields of Mobility, Web applications and Enterprise computing. What started out as a vision, soon turned into a reality. Within a couple of years Avani was enjoying a rapid growth within the United States of America. And pretty soon we saw ourselves spreading out our operations to India. The fully equipped Research and Development office in India marked yet another feather in the cap for Avani. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details