TITLE: IOS Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description As a Software Engineer in this team, you will be responsible for the design and development of highly interactive Cocoa applications for both iOS and Mac OS X. This is a team that prides itself in delivering high quality applications in a timely manner. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative and start-up like environment. Developing and fostering partnerships with cross-functional teams is key to long-term success. The person filling this position must be a hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to succeed in a challenging environment. This is a high visibility role where you will be communicating extensively with the UX team, business analyst teams, support teams, infrastructure teams and various other engineering teams including Maps, iOS and CoreOS. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills IOS Cocoa Design Development Software Engineering Business Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Key Qualifications Objective-C development IOS SDK and OS X development User Interface Design Mobile and Desktop app development Familiarity with Networking Experience with Continuous integration, unit testing and test driven development Possess excellent software architecture, design, and problem solving skills Ability to work effectively with engineers, cross-functional teams and business partners to develop high-quality applications Excellent written and verbal communication skillsEducation: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science with at least 3 years of industry experience Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details