TITLE: Grab an Opportunity to work for Voice Process Salary upto 5.0

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Opening for a International Voice/Technical voice process customer service Quaifications - Any Graduates/ be/ b.tech/ Undergraduate Fresher/ Exp can apply Salary- 12,000-26,000 Shifts -5 Days working 2 Days off(/US/UK/DAY) shift available Job Discription - Solving customer queries over phone/ UK banking process/ USÂ banking inbound voice/ escalation/ UAE telecom/ VIRGIN MEDIA/ Non voice prcoss/ international chat support/ technical voice process/ seller support/ No Placement Charges Excellent work atmosphere and GROWTH OPPORTUNITY Employe BENIFITS: Free Pick and drop Services across Bangalore Location Attractive Incentives Get a Opportunity to work with an MNC Lucrative Incentives Face to Face Interviews If Interested apply on this job Posting OR Contact SANA @ 9036002096 NOTE: Would appreciate your Generous Nature if you may refer your Friends / Colleagues who are looking for a New Job / Job Change so that he / she can contact us (in-case they are interested for the mentioned profile :) Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Lucrative incentives Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills International BPO Voice support Inbound process voice process customer support call center Technical Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Yellow Box HR Services Pvt. Ltd. International BPO voice support Yellow Box HR Services Pvt. Ltd. http://ybconsultants.com/ Yellow Box, a service providing company where yellow denotes color for service and box defines the range of services we provide. To fuel the growth of industry we serve, by facilitating the careers of human talent is the objective we serve for. Our goal is to exceed the expectations of every Client by offering outstanding customer service, increased flexibility, and greater value, thus optimizing system functionality and improving operation efficiency. Our Consultants are distinguished by their functional expertise combined with their hands-on experience, thereby ensuring that our Clients receive the most effective and professional service. Our Strong culture and positive approach in our consultants has given us a competitive edge and helped us in business transformation with increased value and efficiency. Our Consultants are well networked across locations as a result of which we are able to attract the best of the talent pool with much value & alacrity. Over the years, our consultants have built strong expertise in their functional domain and have also been able to build up strong relationship with companies in India by identifying the best resources for them, conducting training & development programm, providing cost effective consulting solution to inspire industrial growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details