TITLE: CIB F&BM LEC SAP Program - Analyst - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this CIB F&BM LEC SAP Program - Analyst - Bangalore Analyst for EMEA Legal Entity Control Team that includes the following functions: Ledger migration from legacy platform into SAP general ledger FX Trade- out Monitoring the integrity of the local and US books and records of the legal entity, to be executed with reference to the Legal Entity Control Standards policy and other applicable global policies, escalating issues as appropriate. Perform detailed analysis of the balance sheet and P&L variances. Preparation of various US regulatory reporting Hyperion attestation of results and variance commentary Review monthly TB Corporate balances review Variance analysis, NII Analysis, Expenses review Review of reasonableness of expenses in London Branch which will be attributed to LLP in the following month. Provide analytical summary to LEC Flash & Business commentary, Follow up any queries raised by LEC Management of fast and appropriate response to queries. Preparation and delivery of MIS reports due to senior management Maintaining control sheets and high ticks for the month Passing PCA's in the GL including Equity Pick up's. LEC attestations Inter-entity break resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sap hyperion lotus notes gl investment banking ms access monitoring derivatives functions financial services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Chartered Accountant with 0-2 years experience preferably with financial services industry and experience of US GAAP Strong team player with good people management skills Excellent communication and organizational skills including good judgment and decision making abilities Excellent interpersonal skills necessary to work effectively with a variety of individuals, departments and organizations Strong control mindset Self starter with ability to take initiative and constantly challenge the process Ability to multi-task complex requirements under considerable time pressure, whilst maintaining a high degree of accuracy and quality Enthusiastic, with a positive can do attitude Strong PC skills including MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Lotus Notes. Investment Banking product knowledge including derivatives, equities and debt securities would be an advantage Knowledge of GL platforms used in J. P. Morgan Chase would be an advantage Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details