TITLE: iOS Developer Bangalore/mumbai for India's Largest Internet Televisio

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION SDE/SSDE/Director of Technology LOCATION Mumbai / Bangalore DEPARTMENT Product & Technology REPORTING TO Senior Vice President ABOUT THE ROLE: CONTEXT Hotstar is one of the leading video streaming services and the Hotstar iOS application is one of the most widely used mobile applications. We work hard to constantly improve the performance, features, and quality of the app. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Design and implement key components of the Hotstars iOS application. Collaborate closely with product and design teams to create innovative user interfaces and features, optimized for mobile platforms. Explore, investigate, and prototype leading-edge concepts. Continue improving the quality of experience on a large number of devices. Stay up-to-date on iOS platform and ecosystem developments. Help us push the boundaries of what is possible in a mobile UI. PERFORMANCE MEASURES Achievement of assigned responsibilities. QUALIFICATION BE, BSc or equivalent work experience. Minimum 2-8 year experience. Expert-level knowledge of iOS with at least 2 years of experience developing, shipping, and maintaining mobile applications. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Expert-level knowledge of iOS with at least 2 years of experience developing, shipping, and maintaining mobile applications. Knowledge of general software design patterns as well as iOS design patterns. Deep understanding of Android & iOS framework internals. Up-to-date on the latest framework changes, build tools, and libraries. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES Able to work independently and drive results. High on energy, assertive and the ability to deal with multiple stakeholders. Ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines. Should be driven and mature enough to handle senior level relationships. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills iOS XCode Objective C Cocoa Touch iPhone iPad Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Basil Advisors iOS Developer Bangalore/mumbai for India's largest Internet televisio Basil Advisors: Leading Consulting Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details