TITLE: Hiring for US Staffing for Bangalore Location

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: US Technical Recruiter/Lead Experience: 2-6 Years Qualification: Any Graduate Timings : US Shift Role & Responsibility: 1. Conduct End to end recruitment process. 2. Understand requirements of clients. 3. Work on deadlines to complete the vacancies. 4. Recruit candidates for client organization of all level. 5. Work on different job portals. Must be able to complete TAT & meeting given task. Desired Candidate Profile: 1. Responsible & Go-Getter attitude 2. Ability to put in smart work & meet the deadlines. 3. Excellent communication Skills. 4. Positive personality with Winner Attitude. 5. Convincing skills and explanation power Contact name: Deepak Email: deepak@testyantra.com Contact number: 9900033284 Please refer your friends, with Same Experience!!! About us: We @ Test Yantra provide outsourced software testing services to organizations worldwide. We understand the needs & agility requirements of businesses and empower them by efficiently implementing the tool of outsourcing to provide a competitive edge and a sustained value-addition. Test Yantra started off with a novel approach to deliver the best services to its customers and with a desire to give businesses a new dimension to be ahead in the competitive world. Being successful in our business, we now offer our enhanced IT services to the global clients. We partner with them to conceptualize and realize technology driven business transformation initiatives. We understand the client's needs; deliver our services at the pace they want, at right value with more focus on the quality. Test Yantra's range of IT Services addresses the needs of both technology and business requirements to help organizations leverage leading-edge technologies for business improvement. Website: http://www.testyantra.com/ 2007 Founded , 700 +Associates Worldwide,130 +Global Customer includes by players of fortune, 150 +Successfully Executed Projects, 3+2 Indian & Global Delivery Centres Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills US IT Recruitment US IT Staffing US Recruitment US Sales us staffing dice w2 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Test Yantra Private Limited est Yantra is an ISO 9001:2008 certified company, pioneered in providing outsourced software testing services to organizations worldwide. We understand the needs & agility requirements of businesses and empower them by efficiently implementing the tool of outsourcing to provide a competitive edge and a sustained value-addition. Test Yantra started off with a novel approach to deliver the best services to its customers and with a desire to give businesses a new dimension to be ahead in the competitive world. Being successful in our business, we now offer our enhanced IT services to the global clients. We partner with the businesses to conceptualize and realize technology driven business transformation initiatives. We understand the needs of our customer; deliver our services at the pace they want, at right value with more focus on the quality. Test Yantra's range of IT Services addresses the needs of both technology and business requirements to help organizations leverage leading-edge technologies for business improvement. An extensible automation framework called 'Yantrix' that can be implemented across a wide variety of tools like WinRunner, QTP, Silk, Test Partner, Test Complete, Seapine etc is also developed which speeds up the automation cycle time and results in significant cost reductions for test automation projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details