TITLE: Immediate Openingfor Account Receivable_ Product Based Company

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, we are looking for Account Receivables Collection Specialist for our internal project, Please find below the job description, Roles and Responsibilities: He will be following up with clients for payments. He should have some accounting background but not necessary. He should have payment collection experience in a large company with specific experience in calling small to large businesses for payment collection. Experience: 1- 2 Years. Location: Bangalore. Venue Details: IZMO LTD Post Box No. 7620, 177/2C Billekahalli Industrial Area, Bannerghatta Road Bangalore-560 076, India. If Interested please send your updated resume to rashmi.rajan@izmoltd.com or samarth.jv@izmoltd.com Company Profile: iZMO Ltd izmo ltd. is the world leader in interactive automotive solutions. The company offers hi-tech automotive e-retailing solutions in U.S.A, Mexico, Europe, and Asia. The company is listed on the BSE and NSE, and has 53% investment from FIIs and Mutual Funds. izmo is a pioneer in the automotive retail space, with a trail blazing legacy of innovative products that define standards in the market - from the izmoToolkit in 2002 to the izmo web platform. izmo offerings include full-featured interactive online stores, car animation and graphics, comprehensive online marketing programs, sales performance coaching, OEM certified CRM and ILM Solutions, and online service management solutions, among other products. izmo owns the world's largest collection of Automotive Images and Animation, namely izmoStudio. The izmoStudio visual tools and a comprehensive library of automotive content forms the platform on which izmoToolkit for Internet Sales is built on. izmo has a client base of hundreds, from Fortune 100 OEMs to some of the largest automotive retail groups in the world. izmo is a Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific company for three years in a row. The Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific program ranks the top 500 technology companies in the Asia Pacific according to their revenue performance over the last three years. The ranking is compiled by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, one of the largest professional services firms in the world. izmo is also present in the Enterprise Software space, with connectivity and security products from Open Text, etc. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Accounts Payable Payment Collection Accounts Receivable Accounts & Finance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IZMO LTD. izmo ltd. is the world leader in interactive automotive solutions. The company offers hi-tech automotive e-retailing solutions in U.S.A, Mexico, Europe, and Asia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details