TITLE: HR Recruiter - Non IT Industry (JP Nagar, Bangalore)

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Be part of the growth journey of the division Job Profile : Handling, Monitoring and Coordinating the end to end Recruitment Process Cycle. Partner with Hiring Managers to determine hiring needs, and develop/implement creative and effective strategies to fulfill these needs. *Sourcing Source candidates through various mechanisms (internet job sites, referrals, research, relationships, associates, head hunting etc.). Preparing Job Descriptions and Posting them on Job Portals and sharing with the Vendors Maintaining relationships and agreements with recruitment agencies and various sources for high-quality candidates. *Screening and Interview process Applicant screening, preliminary interviews, soft skill interviews, technical tests, co-ordination of subsequent interviews Co-ordinate between Hiring Manager / candidate from interview scheduling until the candidate joins the organization. Proactively communicate status to candidates and hiring manager Partner on candidate selection/offer, closing candidates Taking care of background verifications of the selected Candidates *Tracker maintenance & Reports Maintaining Tracking Sheets of all the Prospective Candidates. Developing & maintaining MIS reports and preparing daily/weekly reports. Preparing and distributing required reports and communications to hiring managers and designated members of management. *Pre-board and Post-board process Talking to the shortlisted candidates and negotiate the remuneration package Coordinating with the Management team and getting approval for candidate Mailing across the offer letter to the Candidate and tracking the Pre-board process Smooth transition post hire. Compensation - Commensurate with experience and capability Opening @JP Nagar Office, Bangalore Salary: Best in Industry Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills HR and Recruitment and IR End to End Recruitement Pre - Employment Screening Background Screening Salary Negotiation Background Verification Induction Employee Resource Planning Head Hunting Sourcing Recruitment Talent Acquistion Desired Candidate Profile Key Skills:Any graduate with MBA in HR, with 2- 3 years experience in recruitment Industry.Good understanding of technical skills.Must have excellent interpersonal & communication skills.Proficient in the use of Job Boards like Monster, Shine, Naukri, LinkedIn, Google etc. to source Candidates.Must have excellent Sourcing skills. Strong knowledge and understanding of Boolean Search is required.Ability to adhere to timelines and guided deadlinesCandidate must possess Good Listening Skills, Confidence, Multi-tasking Ability, Time Management Skills, Ability to work with team.Energetic, Self-driven and Go-getter Attitude, Self-Motivated to achieve extra-mile. Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Company Profile: Feedback Business Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Feedback Business Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Our services include Market Research, Strategic advice, Stakeholder Experience, Brand/ Image measurement, Market segmentation, Price benchmarking, Opportunity assessment, Market feasibility, etc. In addition we have proprietary offerings available off the shelf. Our tag line promises being 'Fog lights for your business'. Why fog lights one may wonder? Fog lights are optional items that play a great role if the 'driver' (the client) feels s/he could do with more 'visibility' given the 'misty' to 'foggy' conditions. This is often the case for most businesses regarding achieving their 'destination'. Fog lights help light up a path decisively. Feedback Consulting has been a dependable fog light and guide when required. A few specific reasons for considering Feedback Consulting: Unique. There is no comparable firm in India with our track record of over 3,000 research and consulting engagements across sectors for over 600 clients, many of whom are leaders in their domain. Tangible results. We have been associated with projects that have resulted in over US$ 6 billion investments in India. Expertise and wisdom. We have been around since 1985. Over 500 person years experience. The core team has been together for over a decade helping us leverage our body of knowledge. Talent Pool. Over 180 resources across 4 offices in India act as an extension arm for your firm. Overseas representations in US and Germany. Comprehensive service portfolio. Encompasses market research, business advisory and execution assistance. Customization. Services tailored for you based on your unique needs. Improved customer experience. Our measurement and improvement services for 'customer satisfaction' is used by 'best in class' global firms to bench mark and improve their practices. Cross pollination. Our experience across 36 diverse sectors is extremely useful in helping 'connect the dots', provide out of box insights and strategic road maps. 'Future Feedback' framework. Trend spotting by envisioning the market a decade from now for the area of interest and 'folding the future view in' to meet with the 'current state' of the market. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details