TITLE: Hardware Design Engineer - PCB Design

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position- Hardware Design Engineer. Experience - 2-7 yrs. Job Description - Hardware Design Engineer Desired Skills and Experience The candidate would be expected to work in high energy environment, on consumer products in predominantly technical role. The job encompasses following responsibilities: - Contribute to product development, with responsibility for electronic and electrical modules of the product, including requirements management, detailed circuitry design, prototyping, verification, and testing. - PCB design - Assist in firmware development for board bring up - Assist in fabrication and population of designed products - BoM Procurement and Vendor Management - Build Team, train colleagues/team members Requirements - 2-6 years experience with mapping requirements to electronic design, creating schematics, PCB layout and prototyping - Knowledge of Electronic CAD softwares: Altium, OrCad, Pads etc. - Experience with interfaces (UART, SPI, I2C, SDIO etc.) and commonly encountered design issues. - Aware of concepts of near real time hardware/software interfacing with small micro-controller based designs - Experience of working with ADC and DAC - Understanding of concepts of power management - Experience in quality/reliability testing as per any standards (consumer/industrial/defence) - Experience with complete cycle of hardware manufacturing/prototyping - Excellent design documentation skills - Experience in working with strict/tight size/power constraints - Understanding of mechanical engineering concepts including shock, waterproofing etc; ability to work with mechanical product design team and exchange requirements - B. Tech/Diploma in EE from recognized Institute/University - Preference to candidates with experience across analog, digital, mixed and RF designs - Experience with C, C++ (IDEs, toolchains etc.) a bonus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills C Microcontroller Altium Analog Hardware Design PADS I2C ORCAD SPI UART Hardware Design Engineer PCB Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Diploma - Electrical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Zyoin Web Pvt Ltd Leading client of Zyoin Web Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details