TITLE: Document Specialist, Location: Bangalore

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience: 0.6 Yrs to 3 Yrs of industry experience in Documentation. Educational Qualification: Â A Graduate, preferably in Science or Commerce/Diploma in Computer Application or equivalent qualification with good academic records. Job Description: Â As a Document Specialist, you will be responsible for: Proofing and Formatting the electronic/paper documents & forms as per the business requirements with 100% accuracy. Understand clearly the client specific requirements as well as instructions to proofread, merge and format documents in MS-Word or .PDF formats. Â Meeting the Business SLAs on Time with Quality. Peer Reviewing the Documents. Delivering high quality, accurate and reliable end-user documentation artifacts/templates/forms which satisfy the customer requirements. Â You must have:Â Excellent Interpersonal & Communication skills (both written & verbal). Strong analytical & critical thinking skills. An Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. An Ability to grasp and communicate technical and functional concepts concisely and effectively. An Ability to estimate time and effort for documentation projects. Ability to effectively multi-task, prioritize, schedule, and meet aggressive deadlines. A desire to effectively participate in reviews of authored content, and ensure timely response with corrections. Flexibility to work in rotational shifts based on business needs. A Strong work ethic & the ability to demonstrate working in a team environment. Strong word-processing skills & Proficiency in using documentation tools (Adobe Acrobat Professional, MS-Office Suite - Microsoft Word in particular, image capturing/editing tools like SnagIT), knowledge of templates & complex document formats. An average typing speed of at least 35 WPM. Â Key Skills:Â Pro-active, Organized, Result-oriented and Self-motivated. Open to working independently and in a team environment to deliver high quality documentation artifacts. Flexible and easily adapt to changing priorities, able to meet deadlines while maintaining a high standard in deliverables. Work closely with team members to share information and ensure technical and visual consistency across multiple document suites. Knowledge and usage of industry standard documentation tools and guidelines. Good understanding of US accent, culture, & business etiquette. Â Other Capabilities: Â Exposure to Insurance & Mortgage Domain would be an added advantage. Knowledge of any process compliance specific documentation. For any queries, you can reach out to me on 9986603628 Regards, Judy Email: judy_b@trigent.com Phone no: 9986603628 Salary:INR Best In Industry Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills MS Office Suite Documents Documentation Tools Adobe Acrobat Professional Communication Skills Process Compliance Interpersonal Communication Educational Qualification Quality Documentation writing non voice Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trigent Software Limited Trigent Software, a Microsoft Gold certified partner was established in 1995. We are a CMM Level 4 software Development Company headquartered in Boston (USA) with a development center in Bangalore. Ã‚Â· Top Ranked SharePoint Consulting Company in the US. Ã‚Â· Ranked one of the top 5 Outsourced Product development companies by Silicon India. Please visit http://www.trigent.com for more information. In the last 5 years we have deployed more than 2000 resources at our client location with at least 60% conversion depending on their individual performance & positions available. Trigent Software Limited Unit II No. 69, Second Floor, J.P. & Devi Jambukeshwar Arcade Miller's Road Bangalore 560 052 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details