TITLE: Web Engineer | 3-6 Years | Innovative Start-up | Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Explore career opportunity with an innovative company incorporated in Jan 2015 and is located at Bangalore. The company is in process of developing a product in the video interpretation and enhancement space and is currently manned by very senior Engineers who were earlier with companies such as Cisco, ITC Infotech, Qualcomm etc. company expect to hit the market with the Products sometime in the middle of the year. Promoters were earlier with Cisco and are spearheading the company. At present it is bootstrapped and we will reach out to investors much later. Company is looking for extremely resourceful competent good candidates who will quickly understand the technologies involved and participate in the process of building the product. Compensation will not be a limiting factor. Jump in if it excites you and take position to launch your career!! Designation : Web Engineer Years of Experience : 3 to 6 Years Work Location : Bangalore Education : B.E/B.Tech/M.Tech in Computer Science from a reputed university, with strong academic record. Key role and Responsibilities * 3+ Years of experience in the IT industry. * This is a position for a Full stack engineer who has worked with No-SQL,Javascript,(preferred Node.js , Angular.js,Bootstrap.js, HTML-5,CSS). * WE are OK to talk to folks who have worked in Core Java technologies too, provided they are interested in developing front-end UIs. * The candidate will be expected to develop a Mobile app on Android or IOS later on as the job evolves. * The ideal engineer for this profile would be an excellent programmer in Web applications using a NoSQL back-end. * He should be well versed in Full stack development. * Exposure to developing and testing responsive Web applications is a must ( those which work fine on PCs,mobiles and Tablets). * Exposure to developing in Node.js and Express.js would be a definite plus. * As the Web programming work completes,he should be open to possibly helping out with the Artificial Intelligence stuff being developed, particularly speech processing software coding in core Java if he is called upon. Mandatory Attributes : willingness to learn, ability to read and update one's skills constantly and willingness to solve problems ( of course after learning) in new areas . This is a job for a Web engineer , not a Web programmer. Since we will not have dedicated test engineers at this point of time, the candidate we choose should be well versed in writing good quality code, and should be willing to Unit test his code very thoroughly. The job requires excellent thinking skills and attitude to experiment, interact with customers and code at the same time. The candidate needs to be a self starter, and motivated individual. Share your updated CV in word format with the following information for prompt consideration : Current Company : Current Location : Key Skills : Relevant Years of Experience : Current CTC : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Reason for Change : Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills NO - SQL Javascript Node.js Angular.js Bootstrap.js HTML - 5 CSS Mobile Apps Artificial Intelligence Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PROWESS India Consulting Services Innovative Start Up in Machine Learning An innovative company incorporated in Jan 2015 and is located at Bangalore. The company is in process of developing a product in the video interpretation and enhancement space and is currently manned by very senior Engineers who were earlier with companies such as Cisco, ITC Infotech, Qualcomm etc. company expect to hit the market with the Products sometime in the middle of the year. Promoters were earlier with Cisco and are spearheading the company. At present it is bootstrapped and we will reach out to investors much later. Company is looking for extremely resourceful competent good candidates who will quickly understand the technologies involved and participate in the process of building the product. Compensation will not be a limiting factor. Jump in if it excites you and take position to launch your career!! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details