TITLE: Lead Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Define the needed technical environment configuration for the project using CI & development tools, the infrastructure needed; build automation scripts to automate different stages in the deployment, configuration and scaling process. * Work on large scale, high load web sites involving CI tools (Jenkins, Bamboo) * Work on new and existing applications along with enhancements to web applications and infrastructure; Perform hands-on coding, mentor junior resources and assists in architecting web content solutions; * Integrate configuration management process so that the team can benefit from his experience in operational systems. * Work on several projects together with development and operational teams. * Advise and add requirements for the production environment. Write and modify scripts (e.g.: PHP or Perl) for application deployments, and system monitoring Personal requirements: Should be passionate about web technologies, can build websites & frameworks, Basic command level in Linux system administration, scripting language experience. Likes to automate everything. Should have strong innovative, critical thinking and curiosity regarding latest tools and technologies in Build & Release management. Technical requirements: * Knowledge of Linux administration and Configuration Management activities. * Good knowledge in CI tools like Jenkins & Bamboo. * Knowledge of the web and application server technologies * Shell, Perl, Python scripting is a must. * Knowledge of web development technical constraints, and an ability to deal with them * Good Knowledge of SVN, GIT & Nexus. * Knowledge in code coverage tool. * Operating Systems: Linux, Solaris, Windows PRO: Scientific Professional Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Linux System Administration Windows Web Development PHP System Monitoring Web Technologies Web Application Operating Systems Web Content Application Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource 0E2201E 0A2 provides services focused on high value, knowledge-based functions principally related to real estate and mortgage portfolio management, asset recovery and customer relationship management. Utilizing integrated technology that includes decision models and behavioral-based scripting engines, we provide solutions that improve our clients' performance and maximize their returns. Altisource has three primary business segments: Mortgage Services - Mortgage portfolio management services that span the mortgage lifecycle (e.g. origination, valuation, closing and title services, default management services, asset management and component services) Technology Services - REALSuite of applications (residential and commercial loan servicing, loss mitigation, vendor management and electronic invoice presentment and payment software) as well as our IT infrastructure services Financial Services - Asset Recovery and Customer Relationship Management Altisource is developing a reputation as the preeminent technology enabled, knowledge based provider of its services. Our focus is on leveraging technology and a global service delivery model to provide highly efficient, accurate support of the industries we service. Unique intellectual property, such as behavioral-science principles, artificial intelligence driven scripting engines and risk decision models are used to reduce performance variability and improve compliance and overall performance for Altisource and its clients. Altisource's Marketplaces business unit is a new organization created from Altisource's corporate venturing model based on technology innovations and intellectual capital developed from within the company. The unit includes two of Altisource's most promising products - a patented automated order and vendor management solution that solves the complex problem of orchestrating multiple vendors, products and orders, and a patented, electronic invoicing and payment system that automates and streamlines the full cycle of invoice presentment and payment. It improves cash flow management and visibility, reduces costs and virtually eliminates the time spent by management reviewing and approving invoices. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details