TITLE: Technical Writer from Software Product or IT Services Industry

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Research, collect data, and interact with appropriate stakeholders to compose text for technical literature, which meets Greytip Software standards and procedures. Write clear, precise and unambiguous instructions in grammatically correct English and in an engaging and coherent style Refer diagrams, specifications, mockups, and product samples to integrate and delineate technology, operating procedure, and production sequence and detail. Capture screens, product tours, flow diagrams, charts etc to illustrate the material Develop content using a content management system. Track and fix content defects and improve it as per requirements. Create, edit, and maintain technical and allied publications that accurately and effectively support the product release requirements in various output formats (pdf, online help, mail, forum post etc.) Create documentation methodologies, frameworks, and workflow diagrams. Coordinate review of all assigned writing projects to ensure thorough documentation. Complete writing assignments on-time. Provide input on other technical writing projects by critiquing, editing, and proofreading manuscripts prepared by others.Successfully work with and communicate with product, development, delivery, support, sales and marketing teams. Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 7,50,000 P.A. Salary would be best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills Confluence WIKI Technical Writing Technical Documentation written english Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Greytip Software Pvt Ltd Greytip Software is India's largest cloud HR & Payroll software solutions company. With a customer base of over 3000+ we touch the lives of 600,000+ employees daily. Our mission is to improve people-centric practices and performance in SMEs (Small and Medium enterprises) through our cloud solution, greytHR. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details