TITLE: Recruitment Specialist

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job brief We are looking for a recruiter, with full cycle recruiting experience, to attract, screen, select and on board qualified and suitable personnel to fill our job openings. The goal is to attract top talent from our candidates pool, gain competitive advantage and fuel companys growth. Responsibilities Design and implement overall recruiting strategy Develop and update job descriptions and job specifications Review job description to understand the needs of the hiring manager. Understand technology, technical roles and technical skills for technical recruitment. Perform job and task analysis to document job requirements and objectives Prepare and post jobs to appropriate job board/newspapers/colleges etc Source and attract candidates by using databases, social media etc Screen candidates resumes and job applications Conduct interviews using various reliable personnel selection tools/methods to filter candidates within schedule Assess applicants relevant knowledge, skills, soft skills, experience and aptitudes Onboard new employees in order to become fully integrated Monitor and apply HR recruiting best practices Provide analytical and well documented reports to the management Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process Promote companys reputation as best place to work Qualification and Skills: Proven recruiting experience, 2 4 years Solid ability to conduct different types of interviews (structured, competency based, stress etc) Hands on experience with various selection processes (,phone interviewing, reference check etc) Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong decision making skills PGDM/MBA or equivalent in Human Resources Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Technical Recruitment HR Selection Process Interviewing Conducting Interviews Personnel HR and Recruitment Talent Acquisition End To End Recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lets Corp India Pvt Ltd Lets Corp is a revolutionary enterprise in architecting new frontiers of business and technology. Started in the year 2011 and promoted by leaders from Fortune100 companies, Lets Corp is head-quartered in Singapore and has presence in India, USA, Brunei and Sri Lanka. In India, Lets Corp has offices in Bangalore and Mumbai. Lets Corp helps clients in diverse industries enhance performance, reduce costs, leverage cutting-edge technology and stimulate growth across the Human Capital Value Chain. With a goal to inventorize and transform global talent, the company addresses career development using a holistic approach by applying science and leveraging technology. It partners with its clients and customers to deliver sustainable and measurable results. Lets Corp's flagship Career Transformation Solution, LetsCareerUp.com is the world's first Career Eco-system Portal that has been designed to deliver value for Students, Working Professionals, Academic & Training institutes and Employers. It is an IP led solution with over 21 patents awarded by the Government of Singapore. It has recently won the prestigious 'Innovations for Skills Challenge' by the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC). LetsCareerUp is at the heart of Employability and follows a patented metricated approach to map the demand and supply forces of talent, ushering in highly predictable engagement to harmonize the sources and application of human capital in an economy. Website: www.letscorp.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details