TITLE: Head - Inside Sales - B2B - Fmcg/retail

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities - Devising sales strategies and go- to- market plan for their products across markets. - He \ she will be responsible for making inroads and building relationships into B2B customer segments in the specified geographies and for across product lines. - Institutionalize the entire sales process from scratch (Identifying customers, funneling, right communication, collaterals, forecasting, deal closing etc.). - Ensure growth and oversee achievement of regional targets, profitability and continued viability. Execute annual business plans & budgets pertaining to the region. - Ensure a healthy pipeline of solid leads through various business development programs using multiple channels such as emails and outbound sales team. - Accountable in getting the team to perform regular and effective Business Development to identify prospective customers. - Contribute actively to product improvements through customer feedback and proactively anticipating market needs. - Develop, nurture and strengthen relationships with key functional and business leaders to identify new opportunities and grow the company. - Recruit, train, develop, manage and motivate a team of sales professionals, who will deliver high standards of sales services across all identified markets and service lines. EXPERIENCE AND KEY PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: - B2B Selling. Prior experience in handling customers overseas is a must. - Ability and willingness to be an individual contributor with demonstrated ability in hiring, managing and building high performing sales team - Hands on experience in managing both Offline and Online Sales - Consumer Insight - Ability to understand consumer mind-set across countries - Must have start up interest and start up company fit - comfort with fast pace, need to be hands on and comfort with ambiguity - Result orientation - Strong leadership and coaching skills - Team player - Strong analytical skills and business acumen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Business Development Inside Sales B2B Sales Online Sales Market Planning Selling Sales Strategy Sales Process Inside Sales Head B2B Selling Corporate Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Wenger & Watson Inc. Leading client of Wenger & Watson Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details