TITLE: Walk-in Interview at Muthoot Finance for Bangalore

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Muthoot Group,is the largest financial group of its kind in the country. Established in 1887,the group is today, a well diversified, value based corporate house with an unblemished track record spanning several decades. The Group has interests in 16 diverse businesses including Banking & Financing, Leasing & Hire Purchase, Money Transfer, Foreign Exchange, Insurance, Information Technology, Hotel & Hospitality, Education & Healthcare, Media, Power Generation, to name a few. The group is an equal opportunity employer and acknowledges excellent performance, loyalty and sincerity by way of fast track growth. Muthoot Finance Ltd. the flagship company of The Muthoot Group is on the lookout for dynamic, result oriented personnel for its branch operations at various locations. Job Profile Jr. Relationship Executive/Relationship Executive/Sr.Relationship ExecutiveÂ Â Effective lobby management i.e. Responsible to attending walk -in clients at Branches. Extending courteous support to all walk-in customers and educating them about the product & services company offers. Responsible for accepting & appraising gold jewellery as per company norms. Ensuring proper Verification & Valuation of Collateral Securities and Documents. Appraise availability of cash position at the Branch/Bank and inform the requirements to the Manager. Verification of daily cash balance, Fund management, bank account operations and bank reconciliation to be exclusively monitored by the Branch Manager. Effective handling of software i.e. CBS/ CRM and ensuring all KYC entries in the same. Responsible for processing/ documentations of Loans & other financial services. Responsible for cross selling of all products and achieving of individual & branch targets. Responsible for conducting field visits and meeting corporate customers for business development. Responsible for ATM monitoring & functioning if the same is attached to the branch. Ensuring following of all procedures & policies as per laid down by the organization. Ensuring TAT in handling emails, Co-ordination with Regional & Corporate Offices and all other day-to-day Administrative activities. Coordination with various Banks & preparation of BRS. Responsible for completion of all Accounts related works in the branch. Maintenance of Important formats & documents like Gold Loan/ Vault/Key Movement/ CIT/GIT Register/ Safe Custody / Bond Delivery/Packet Movement/Token Lost. Responsible for removing of audit objections and irregularities. Responsible for safe guarding Cash, Gold and other valuables in the branch Efficiency in conducting supervisory duties when and if required as per the Branch Managers guidelines. Responsible to maintain up-keep of the branch and ensure confidential in all dealings. Responsible for tele-calling customers for following up on interest collection regularly. Responsible for winning back old customers and ensuring that customer portfolio of the branch is maintained and enhanced. Interested MALE candidates can directly attend walk-in interview at. below mentioned address Â between 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM . Interview Venue:-Â Date : Â Â Â Â 21-Mar-2016 to 22-Mar-2016 Muthoot Finance Ltd,Â (Regional Learning Centre) Lingarajapuram,Â Hennur Main Road (Above SBM branch),Â BANGALORE,Â Karnataka - 560084, India JOB LOCATION : RT Â Nagar Kamanahalli Sanjayanagar Lingarajapuram KR Puram Yelahanka Kothanur Nagavara Sulthanpalaya Bagepalli Bhadrappa Layout Vayalikaval Salary:INR Fixed Salary + Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Keyskills Customer Service Customer Satisfaction Retail Banking Relationship Banking Accounts and Finance Customer Calling Business Development Sales & Marketing Sales and Business Development Core Banking Banking Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A - Management, Other Graduate, B.Com - Commerce PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Permanent resident of respective locationsGraduateAge upto 30 yearsPleasing personalityGood communicationSales OrientedMale CandidatesÂ Company Profile: Muthoot Finance Ltd Muthoot Finance Ltd http://muthootgroup.com The Muthoot Group,is the largest financial group of its kind in the country.Established in 1887,the group is today, a well diversified, value based corporate house with an unblemished track record spanning several decades. The Group has interests in 16 diverse businesses including Banking & Financing, Leasing & Hire Purchase, Money Transfer, Foreign Exchange, Insurance, Information Technology, Hotel & Hospitality, Education & Healthcare, Media, Power Generation, to name a few. The group is an equal opportunity employer and acknowledges excellent performance, loyalty and sincerity by way of fast track growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details