TITLE: Urgent Vacancy for Sr Relationship Manager - HNI Equity Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for candidates for our HNI sales Division Level : Manager/Sr. Manager Location : Chennai /Hyderabad /Bangalore KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES 1. Responsible for new client acquisition, building new relationships and increasing depth in existing relationships with High networth clients 2. Accountable for developing and implementing an integrated customer marketing plan, which addresses wealth creation, wealth preservation, wealth enhancement achieved through an in-depth analysis of the clients profile so as to identify opportunities and match these opportunities to products/ solutions provided by the organization 3. Will be responsible for primarily selling Equity based investment products. 4. Responsible for achieving targets as assigned by the organization on a monthly basis. 5. Understands clients risk profile and maximizes the risk vs. reward balance for individual clients by optimizing product mix. 6. Comply with KYC/SEBI rules, regulations, and legislation governing the financial services industry 7. Provide regular updates to the immediate superior as an when required SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE 1. Graduate / Post graduate with 1 to 7 yrs exp in direct selling 2. Should have good communication & presentation skills. 3. May have good existing client relationships in the market. 4. Should be a self-starter, proactive & target oriented. 5. Should possess strong networking & relationship building skills Salary:INR Plus KRA based Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Direct Selling Relationship Management New Client Acquisition Target Achievement HNI financial advisor wealth manager equity advisor pcg preferred rm Equity Sales Customer Relationship Management Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kotak Securities Limited Kotak Securities Limited Originally established in 1994, Kotak Securities is a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, which services more than 14 lakh customer accounts. The firm has a wide network of more than 1,255 branches, franchisees representative offices, and satellite offices across 386 cities in India and offices in New York, London, Dubai, Mauritius and Singapore. We process more than 400000 trades a day which is much higher than some of the renowned international brokers. The company is a corporate member of both The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). Our operations include stock broking services for trading in stock markets through branches & internet and distribution of various financial products including investments in IPOs, Mutual Funds and Currency Derivatives. Currently, Kotak Securities is one of the largest broking houses in India with substantial geographical reach to Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and America. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details