TITLE: Senior Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Software Developer Description Our team has a financially successful software platform deployed at 70 of the worlds leading telecommunications companies. Tens of thousands of Call Center Agents as well as tens of millions of subscribers use this software on a daily basis. We make it easy for these companies to integrate their backend systems into troubleshooting and diagnostic modules that we expose through self-help portals, customer service representative consoles, and SOAP/REST APIs. We service big customers whose changing needs constantly drive the evolution of the product, and we deliver features that are rock solid while meeting their high scalability demands. Recent customer growth means we need to expand our team, so we looking for a backend java developer with the experience to add value quickly. Requirements Must be a top tier java J2EE developer with extensive experience writing code from the database up to the web tier. You are expected to understand typical web deployment architecture components and how your features interact with them (DB/Web Server/Clustering/Networking). Must have experience and internal working knowledge of Spring 3.x+ (core, web, security, jmx) Must have a deep understanding of the libraries/APIs chosen for past products, and be able to explain your design choices. Must have demonstrated examples of identifying performance problems and providing solutions to them. Knowledge of the java memory model and diagnostic tools such as those provided by the JVM is required. Must be comfortable navigating a Linux command line to do basic file manipulation and maintenance tasks. Knowledge of bash scripting is a plus. Preference given to candidates with knowledge of JBoss 6.X+, Weblogic 12c+, Hibernate 3.x+, templating engines (Velocity/Freemarker), and Oracle database (custom PLSQL, database design/monitoring/query performance tuning). What you will be doing Work within an Agile team to design and develop features for the product Write automated unit and integration tests that ensure product quality Collaborate with other teams (Support, Customer Projects) to ensure customer issues are resolved promptly Work with the documentation team to ensure features are correctly documented and can be used by customers Troubleshoot and resolve performance issues Troubleshoot customer issues in the product Design and implement hotfixes and patches to resolve issues in the product. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java Spring Velocity Hibernate JMX J2Ee JBoss Rest Weblogic SOAP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nokia India Private Limited Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. Powered by the pioneering work of Bell Labs, our research and innovation division, and Nokia Technologies, we are at the forefront of creating and licensing the technologies that are increasingly at the heart of our connected lives. We combine global leadership in mobile and fixed network infrastructure, with the software, services, and advanced technologies to transform how smart devices and sensors tap the power of connectivity. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries across the world, Nokia is driving the transition to smart, virtual networks and seamless connectivity by creating one, single network for all services, converging mobile and fixed broadband, IP routing and optical networks, with the software and services to manage them seamlessly. With an R&D spend of EUR 4.7 billion in 2014, our 40,000 research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect: 5G, ultra broadband access, IP and software define networking, Cloud applications, IoT and security platforms, data analytics, as well as sensors and imaging. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details