TITLE: SAP MM Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for SAP MM functional consultant with minimum of 5 years experience. 1. Experience of requirement gathering and blueprinting 2. End to end implementations of MM with atleast 3 implementations on procurement cycle 3. Possess good business knowledge on purchasing process, vendor evaluation, invoice automation process (procure to pay cycle) 4. Possess good business knowledge on logistics scenarios 5. Able to guide technical team on identified gaps 6. Customer facing and excellent communication skills 7. Flexibility to travel is a must 8. Domain knowledge in procurement/purchasing will be preferable 9. Nice to have: Ariba integration process in SAP MM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Purchase Process Ariba Procurement SAP MM Logistics Vendor Evaluation Functional Consultancy Requirement Gathering Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PEOL Technologies At the outset we would like to take this opportunity to advise you that PEOL, a professional services IT firm in Strategy, Business Consulting, System Implementation and Integration in the area of SAP Services based out of Bengaluru, India. As a professional service firm, PEOL is focused on Banking, FINANCIAL Services, Insurance, Retail, Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas segments worldwide. PEOL strives to develop and deliver end-to-end solutions centred by delivering performance and profitability. Our skills, state of the art infrastructure, evolving business operating module, experience and by offering integrated business services and solutions our clients and partners benefits in enhanced operation efficiency, reduced operational costs for improved business performance, business agility and maximizing their return on investment. (www.peolsolutions.com). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details