TITLE: Immediate need of AS 400/ RPG Developer Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ***As400 Lansa iseries Application Development is mandatory.*** Understands the overall impact of any recommended modifications to AS400 environment and make alternative recommendations when the risks may pose an impact to our production environment. Maintains in-depth knowledge of the organization's technologies and architectures. Develops and maintains current documentation of all processes related to the administration of the AS400 environment. Effectively troubleshoots system issues and works with other departments to obtain a successful resolution within a short period of time. Works with management for system performance / tuning goals. Adheres to all organizational problem notification and escalation processes when there is a production impacting issue. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ISERIES AS400 Performance Tuning Application Development LANSA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAKSOFT Saksoft is a leading provider of Information Management (IM) solutions to successful organizations around the world. From strategic consultancy to analytics and to the delivery of niche technical services, to complete Information Management solution, Saksoft offers end-to-end solutions in IM, together with support and training. Saksoft offers Consulting, Solutions and Services in the field of Business Intelligence, Analytics, Data Warehousing, Application Development and Testing. Revenue: $40 million Number of Employees: 550+ Listed in the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) of India. Founded in 2000, Saksoft have served over 125 customers and executed 1000+ projects. Saksoft have 3 Global delivery and development centers at Chennai (India), Noida (India) and Manchester (UK). Saksoft also have exclusive sales offices located in the cities of London, New York, Chicago, Singapore and Mumbai. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details