TITLE: Structural Designer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Creating 3D model for Steel and Rebar Structures Creating 3D models for Architectural Buildings Modeling of mechanical systems such as HVAC, plumbing, water, drainage Produce 3D documentation for projects from Revit, AutoCAD, and Navisworks with limited supervision on a project basis. Coordination between MEP services. Collaborates and communicates with other disciplines regarding coordination issues and common model development tasks. In depth Knowledge of AISC and/or BS and/or Euro standards Professional Competencies: Graduate in Civil or Mechanical engineering. Experience in Revit Structures Extensive knowledge of BIM software specifically Autodesk Revit, Magicad and Navisworks. Experience in design and coordination of Mechanical HVAC and Plumbing for buildings. Experience in creating and updating projects in Building Information Modelling with Revit and updating model contents to support on-going designs. Experience in handling and solving clash detections using Navis works Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Design Engineer/Manager Keyskills AutoCAD REVIT MEP Navisworks Plumbing HVAC Structural Design Bim Architecture Aisc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Icad Engineering Company Profile: iCAD Engineering is a technology-driven engineering company which provides multi-disciplinary solutions in Connection design, 3D Modeling, Steel Detailing, Building design, Architectural design, Interior design and Project Management Consulting for clients across North America, Europe and Asia. iCAD has successfully delivered more than 300 projects in accordance with AISC, BIS and BS standards. iCAD's clients include EPC & design firms, General contractors, Equipment companies, Engineering companies, Owners, Architects and Fabricators. iCAD has the breadth and depth of expertise to respond to the most technically challenging and time critical projects. Building strong, long-term relationship with its clients is the key to success and growth of iCAD in the last 12 years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details