TITLE: Con / Mgr - IBM Case Study

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for candidates having experience in IBM case study. Location can be either Delhi or Bangalore. There is no tier college preference for this role but are looking at hiring post graduates. Please find here the skillset for IBM case : - Skillset: - IBM Case Manager Function consultant - Looking at a business consultant with implementation experience and NOT a tech guy background - Should be a post graduate - Excellent communication skills - Should have worked on long term projects and led at least one track IBM Case Manager: Case management that unites content, processes and people for better outcomes. IBM Case Manager can optimize case outcomes and increase customer satisfaction by empowering knowledge workers. It provides case workers access to structured and unstructured information from various types of applications or storage systems. IBM Case Manager, IBM's award-winning Advanced Case Management (ACM) offering, provides flexible process controls, access to powerful analytics and dashboards, and an array of industry-specific business partner solutions to enable rapid time to value. Case Manager: Gives knowledge workers the control and insight they need to resolve cases more effectively. Provides near real-time access to the documentation, structured data and analytics required to make complex decisions. Offers agile design capabilities to help reduce time to market and enable rapid application updates. Extends IBM Content Navigator to ACM applications, enabling access to and update of case files from virtually any location through mobile connectivity and cloud solutions. Supports a full Enterprise Content Management ( ECM ) suite, including records management, complex search and content analytics Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills Data Analytics Enterprise Content Management ECM Business Partnering Records Management IBM Case study IBM Case Manager Function consultant Advanced Case Management ACM ACM applications content analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pylon Management Consulting Pvt Ltd One of the leading client of Pylon Consulting One of the leading client of Pylon Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details