TITLE: Executive Purchase

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location-Bangalore-Â Sarjapur Main Road JOB PURPOSE To provide support to the Reporting Manager on all purchases with respect to timely delivery and cost effectiveness along with adherence to SLAs/Procurement Process/Procurement Policy Job Description 1. To adhere to end-to end purchase process for all indents including those related to infrastructure projects through adherence to strict timelines (SLAs), SOPs and company practices. 2. To collate, store and analyze data on past purchases such as indent processing time based on types of products and services, deliveries, discounts availed and time take for payments made to vendor, so as to identify areas, products and services where vendor development/price negotiation capability/process improvements are required. 3. Vendor Management. 4. Adherence to SLA as per procurement policy 5. Follow up on Vendor Bills and ensure payments are processed by due dates 6. Excellent negotiation skills to get best deal on Purchases 7. To generate relevant MIS reports on Weekly/Monthly basis to analyse and improve purchase performance If you are interested for the above requirements walk in at the venue mentioned below from 30th March to 1st April 2016 from 11am to 4pm MeritTrac Services Pvt. Ltd 4th Floor, No.12/5, Market Square Sarjapur Main Road, Kaikondarahalli Opposite Motherhood Hospital, Varthur Hobli Bengaluru 560035 Contact person- K. Pushpalatha Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills purchase executive purchase officer procurement executive vendor development vendor management SAP MM senior executive purchase senior officer purchase senior officer procurement Sourcing Procurement sourcing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & COMPETENCIESBeing Sensitive to Customer requirementNegotiation, Communication skills Interpersonal skillsComputer ProficiencyPreferably knowledge on SAP.Qualification and Experience:Minimum Graduation with Minimum 2+years experience in the field of Procurement Company Profile: MeritTrac Services Pvt. Ltd MeritTrac designs, develops and delivers standardized and customized tests across the country for educational institutions, government organizations, corporate entities, schools and vocational institutions. MeritTrac has a network of over 1,100 test centers in India spread across 350 cities. Experience of developing and delivering professional tests in India for over 13 years has helped MeritTrac introduce best-in-class processes and patented technologies to facilitate transformational practices in assessments. MeritTrac has expertise in developing tests for over 300 domains and has a proven process allowing it to generate scientific tests in any area of customer's choice. * Educational Institutions: End to end entrance and semester examinations, On Screen Marking * Government Institutions: Complete support for recruitment and promotion tests * Corporate Organizations: Scientific tests for hiring and employee assessments * Schools: Teachers' solution to manage Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluations An ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 27001 certified company, MeritTrac, in addition to Computer based and Paper based tests, offers examination services like Online Application Processing, On Screen Marking (OSM) and Biometric based candidate Authentication services. MeritTrac is a group company of the Manipal Global Education Services. For further information, you may visit www.merittrac.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details