TITLE: Marketing Executive and Sr. Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this LIPI MARKETING PVT LTD Company Name, Profile, Work Culture: LIPI MARKETING PVT LTD., is an enterprise managed by professionals, having rich experience in the business activity for almost 30 years, since 1981. Started as an Engraving Industry, crosses various levels and now becomes one of the leading distributors for inkjet technologies and covering various segments of business, achieved multi crore business. Website: http://www.lipimarketing.com/ Industry: Signage industries Functional Area: Sales & Marketing Point of Contact for CVs /Email ID: Swetha - swetha.k@multirecruit.com - 9108002981 Number of Vacancies: 2 Keywords: Marketing Executive, Sr. Marketing Executive, Marketing, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Head, Sales Officer, Freshers, Marketing Officer. Job Title / Designation: Marketing Executive and Sr. Marketing Executive Job Description: Prospect New Customers & Existing Customers in the market using appropriate methods. Finding the new customer through others channels Attend Sales calls and achieve sales Targets. Understanding current and potential customers, Updating the market trend to our head office. Preparation of daily client visit, lead generation, sales projection reports. Explaining complete information of the product, arrange technical meeting and demos to the customer. Regular follow up with customer for sales and payment. Convincing and motivate the customer to buy our product. Explain about variety range of the product available in the company. Understanding the requirement submitting quotation and finalizing the order. Target basis. Market surveys & collection of information from competitors. Coordinating with other sales team & company staff Managing the customer journey (customer relationship management). Developing the marketing strategy and plan. Note : Our Organization will provide training for all our product (Printing Machine/UPVC machine/Laser Machine/Router Machine) Full and full Field Work. Candidate ready to travel. Lead will be generating by backend team. All travel and Other expenses will be borne by our company. Key Functions & Roles of the Candidate: Marketing, sales, direct sales, Field work. Specific Skill Set: Good in communication, interested in sales & marketing. Minimum/Maximum/ Work Experience Required: 0 - 4 years Annual CTC: 1,80,000 P. A - 3,60,000 P. A Location(s) of Job: Bangalore, Belgaum Minimum Education Requirements: Any Degree No of rounds of Interviews: 3 rounds Work Timings: 9:30am - 6:00pm Travel & Allowance: By company Languages: Should speak English, Kannada and Hindi. Relocation & Reimbursement: N/A Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,75,000 P.A Industry: Printing / Packaging Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Marketing Executive Sr. Marketing Executive Marketing Sales Sales Executive Sales Head Sales Officer Freshers Marketing Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Multi Recruit LIPI Marketing PVT LTD LIPI MARKETING PVT LTD., is an enterprise managed by professionals, having rich experience in the business activity for almost 30 years, since 1981. Started as an Engraving Industry, crosses various levels and now becomes one of the leading distributors for inkjet technologies and covering various segments of business, achieved multi crore business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details