TITLE: Scrum Master

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What are my responsibilities Adherence to Scrum process as intended and Enforce the rules of Scrum for development and delivery of (a) software component(s) in projects. Overall 8- 9 years experience on S/W design and development using Microsoft ASP.NET-MVC technologies Experience of around 4+ years as a Scrum Master (with Certified Scrum Master certification) for a software development team to diligently apply Scrum principles and practices. Demonstrated solid understanding of agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures. Plan the Sprints, prioritize the sprint backlog, lead the teams, manage the development process, identify and eliminate obstacles that prevent the team from achieving their goals, prepare Burn down charts, and ensure effective communication within/across Project teams. Significant contribution to client- or R&D-projects for the whole project lifecycle (definition to successful delivery), explicitly during the definition and implementation phase. Good expertise on S/W design and development using C#, HTML-5 Good expertise in Unit Testing using mock frameworks Design experience using OOAD/UML Experience with Agile: SCRUM, Test Driven Development and Pair Programming will be added advantage Experience in AngularJS and JQuery will be added advantage, Experience with MS-SQL Generic knowledge on network, Web services and IT tools will be an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development jquery uml ms sql ooad microsoft unit testing procedures tools charts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Siemens Limited Working at Siemens is all about curiosity, open-mindedness and inventive talent. About wanting to know more about the world we live in and finding ways to provide the world with a sustainable future. Find out more about what Siemens offers you and how to contribute your ideas and abilities on our global Jobs & Careers website. Please express interested here for national and international job opportunities. To express interest for the vacancy that matches your profile, please create an account and submit the requested information. Please keep yourself up to date about new job challenges by using the job alert in the job management ion of your account. We are looking forward to receiving your information and thank you for your interest in joining our team! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details