TITLE: Assistant Accounts Manager Vacancy - Joining in May End/june Beginning

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this BOSS is an Australian based KPO. Our clients are Australian public practice (audit firms). The scope of work for Bangalore based accountants initially involves finalization of accounts and preparation of tax returns of various clients of public practice companies, partnership, trust, superannuation and individuals. Hence we are working in the area of KPO. Scope of work expands as the accountant familiarizes with the Australian taxation environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Audit Accounting Taxation Finalization of Accounts Bank Reconciliation Ledger Scrutiny Ledger Review General Ledger Review Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, M.Com - Commerce, Post Graduation Not Required, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills: Language fluency in written and spoken English. Computer competent in document management, MS Office as well as software packages like Tally. Project management capacity to independently manage your own clients account finalization, liaising with client and others and troubleshooting.Experience:Total Experience: Four years of work experience in accounting and taxation field.Relevant Experience: Minimum two years of work experience in audit, taxation and preparation of final accounts (India) at CA firm/companies in the field of Australian accounting.Qualities: Ability to learn fast Meticulous approach to work Willingness to take initiative Team player Organizational and time management skillsDesirable Criteria:Cultural flexibility willingness to learn about Australian business culture Company Profile: Back office shared services (India) Private Ltd Back Office Shared Services (BOSS) is an Australian based KPO providing accountancy services to Australian public practice clients. Our team of chartered and para accountants, based in Bangalore, work in a dynamic and high performance environment to provide compliance and other tax related services to their Australian clients. Working in a small, high performance team, our accountants are able to quickly develop facility with the Australian taxation environment (which is similar in many ways to Indian taxation law). BOSS provides great opportunities for developing professional expertise and gaining extensive management experience. BOSS is committed to being a fair employer and creating opportunities for professional and personal development for employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details