TITLE: Hyperion Fdmee Technical Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD given below: - The client wishes to perform a Hyperion upgrade to advance the applications to the latest version (11.1.2.4). This would ensure a stable and support Hyperion environment along with providing new product features and functionalities that are easy to use, easy to manage, and flexible. - Aims to provide a stable Hyperion environment for users, performance metrics meeting or exceeding current values and enhanced application functionality. - They have their own internal Hyperion technical support team who will do the upgrade, but they are looking for an FDMEE consultant who can help them through the FDM migration/upgrade, due to it's sensitivity and complexity. - Analyse the existing FDM scripts and functionality as they exist in the current environment - Assist in the writing of the Jython scripts - Assist in the testing of the Jython scripts - Assist with upgrading existing FDM applications to FDMEE - Thorough review of new Jython scripts with team for knowledge sharing and future development - Provide documentation and KT to the team Job Level Specific Duties : - Works on a large portfolio of applications. - Provides application design and documentation that spans multiple applications and/or functions. - Participates, and may lead, on complex projects with significant impact on IT and / or business. - Mentors less experienced team members. - Prioritizes own work regarding the development, coding, testing, and debugging of new software or enhancements to existing software. - Works with technical staff and business to understand problems with software and assist to resolve them. Skills : - Consistently applies fundamental knowledge of programming languages for design specifications. - Applied in-depth knowledge of one or more programming languages. - Substantive knowledge of coding, testing and debugging. - Proven ability to apply programming languages to develop solutions to business needs. - Competent to work in all phases of applications programming and design. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Keyskills Application Design Debugging Technical Support New Product Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Physical Requirements/ Working Conditions :- Ability to physically perform general office requirements.- Must be able to perform essential responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodations.- Significant travel including overnight domestic or international trips may be required.Note: Looking for immediate or 7-15 days notice periodNote: Interested candidates please share your updated profile along with the details mentioned below:NameDOBHighest QualificationCurrent CompanyNPCurrent CTCExp CTCCurrent LocationReason To Change Company Profile: Swift Tecnosol leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details