TITLE: Maps Infrastructure Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description LiteLabs is looking for experienced, self driven, Search Engineers to deliver the next generation of Local Search. This is an opportunity to be part of a team which is re-architecting search infrastructure from the ground up to deliver the best in class local search experience for our customers. This is an ideal role for someone who is passionate about search, cares about innovation, software craftsmanship, building high performance software products, always thinking about optimizing software for best utilization of resources and provide a high quality of customer experience by providing the best search results. As a member of the Maps Infrastructure team you will be working on various components of the Maps Infrastructure. As a member of the team you will be responsible for design, development and maintenance of core search components which serves millions of customers worldwide. You will be working closely with the data, search relevance and analytics teams to develop new features and ensuring our customers have the best search experience. You will be working on high performance and highly available search systems using Lucene, Java in Linux environments. You will participate in design and code reviews and work with engineers and QA to deliver high quality search experience to our customers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Engineer software development object - oriented design Hadoop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Key Qualifications Experience developing high quality, high performance Server Software in Java or C++ Experience building Information Retrieval systems Extensive experience with object-oriented design. Fluent in C++ or Java. Experience in Unix or Linux related software development Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills Extensive experience with high-performance HTTP server architecture.Additional Requirements Experience with analysis and improving efficiency, stability and scalability of Search Systems In-depth knowledge of at least one modern scripting language (python, ruby, JavaScript) High performance computing experience building large volume serving infrastructure, Experience with Hadoop/Map-Reduce/Yarn/Spark Algorithm development/design Experience with distributed systems. Experience with Lucene or any other Search Engine Experience with processing large volumes of data Good understanding of client-server protocols, algorithms and data structuresEducation: BS/MS in computer science or software engineering, or equivalent Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details