TITLE: Project Manager - Infrastructure

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Property sourcing :- Identification and acquisition of suitable premises, Arranging Necessary documents, due diligences from Local advocate lease execution and registration. Layout preparation as per requirement and Coordination and monitoring of Landlord scope, Verification of estimates and quotes from various vendors and recommending for releasing orders. Coordinate Interior Fitout Jobs and delivery and installation of equipment's as per project plan and schedule. Handling Lease registrations, renewals, Deposit recovery of existing and old branches. Renovation and relocation projects of existing branches in minimum time frame. Coordination with Stake holders like IT Administration and Marketing team to complete project in all respect for User. Bill verification, Payments, MIS. Government department Liaison for electricity connections etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills property sourcing leasing Government Liasioning Layout Designing Electrical Installation Vendor Management renovation Legal Compliance registration infra projects Project Management projects Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Ltd was promoted in the year 1994 by the premier housing finance company of the country, HDFC Ltd. The Bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995. Today the Bank has a nationwide network of over 2000 branches and 5624 ATMs spread over 996 towns and cities across India The Banks American Depository Shares (ADS) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) are listed on Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Bank has been bestowed with numerous awards and accolades from top national and international agencies & magazines. HDFC Bank comprises of a dynamic and enthusiastic team determined to accomplish the vision of becoming a World-class Indian bank. Our business philosophy is based on our four core values - Customer Focus, Operational Excellence, Product Leadership and People. We believe that the ultimate identity and success of our bank will reside in the exceptional quality of our people and their extraordinary efforts. We are committed to hiring, developing, motivating and retaining the best people in the industry The Bank's objective is to build sound business franchises across distinct businesses so as to be a preferred provider of banking services for target retail and wholesale customer segments. We are committed to healthy growth in profitability while ensuring the highest levels of ethical standards, professional integrity, corporate governance and regulatory compliance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details