TITLE: SAS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TechMinfy..! We are immediately hiring " SAS Developer " with 6yrs - 10yrs of Experience for Bangalore location. Job Description: Work Location Bangalore Notice Period : Immediate to 20 Days Mode of Interview : C2H Strong general SAS experience including the use of SAS macros - Develop Connectors using SAS API - Strong with Base SAS coding - Sound concepts of performance tuning in SAS ETL jobs as well as configuration and setup of SAS DI - Sound Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, terminology and Architecture. - Excellent ETL (Including XML) Design and development Experience - Ability to understand mapping document and translate the same to a SAS JOBs - Ability to create SCD, Fact load and complex mappings - Sound concepts of RDBMS - Experience in performance tuning of ETL / DB / SQL Queries - Good knowledge of UNIX - Ability to create Unix/Linux shell scripts to run ETL jobs and trap any failures. - Good knowledge of SDLC for projects using DW concepts and Client/Server technologies. Good to have: - Strong in SAS server setup and environment tuning - Pl/sql Programming Skills - ETL/Reporting Installation - Unix hands on - Olap Tools - Data Modeling - Hadoop If you're looking for job change and interested for this opening, Please revert with your updated resume & the following details: 1. Total Experience 1. Relevant experience 2. Notice period 3. Current CTC 4. Expected CTC 5. Reason for Job change 6. Any offer in hand (yes/No) 7. Highest Qualification 8. Year of Passout 9. Date of Birth 10. Relieving date in current company 11. Tentative date of joining Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Base SAS SQL Queries SAS Macros SAS DI Unix ETL DW OLAP Data Modeling PL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MINFY TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED, SAS Developer Minfy Technologies is IT consulting & software Development Company specializing in Cloud enablement, Mobile Consulting, App Development. An award winning company with accreditation from PC World for Technology adoption. Minfy is an AWS Consulting Partner founded in 1999, providing software services to fortune 500 clients with start of art software development centre head quartered in Hyderabad. Minfy technology competency includes Microsoft, Sun, Oracle and emerging technologies like Big data etc., Minfy has a dedicated team of 150+ Employees working on domains like Banking, Insurance, Retail, Education, Airlines etc., Listed in Bombay Stock Exchange, ISO Certified process. For more information about us: http://techminfy.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details