TITLE: SAP SRM Consultant - ABAP Module

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description for SRM ABAP Consultant (Preference is 5-6 years. If not possible, let us go for 6-8 years): Experience & General : 1. 5-8 years of full-time experience in SAP ABAP programming 2. Should have worked in at least 2 projects where SRM related ABAP developments are being done 3. Should be willing to work in shifts: 7:30 AM - 4:30 PM IST or from 12:30 PM to 9:30 PM IST 4. On need basis, should be flexible to support during weekend/holiday Job Description: Technical - SRM ABAP - Mandatory: Should have working knowledge of SRM ABAP. - Mandatory: Expertise in OO ABAP and ABAP WebDynpro. Secondary skills: Hands-on expertise in below areas of ABAP: a. Reports: Classical, Interactive and ALV (preferably ALV using OO Methodology) b. Interfaces: BAPI, BDC, Flat file Interfaces (handling files both on Application Server and Presentation Server) c. Enhancements: BADI, User Exits and Customer Exits. d. Proficiency in areas like Data Dictionary and Performance oriented coding. - Nice to have: Knowledge of Enhancement Spots.- Nice to have: EDI-IDoc / ALE-IDoc - Nice to have: FPM in ABAP WebDynpro Development Standards/Development Process - By using project Standards and Processes, to review the technical design document to ensure the development work is in compliance with the specifications. - Hands on expertise in determining and/or validating the development effort estimates. - Assisting functional teams when necessary in testing efforts and preparing test data. Business Process / Functional knowledge: - General business process and integration knowledge in SRM, SD and MM Modules. Soft-skills/ Analytical/ Leadership skills:- - Should be having good Analytical skills and very strong interpersonal and communication skills. Should be having enthusiasm and energy to handle issues/challenges pro-actively and independently. - Should be having working knowledge in Effort estimation of development work, planning and scheduling. - Very good awareness of entire SDLC and processes related to SDLC. Should also be good in visualizing and formulating process flow diagrams. - Should be a proactive driver and ensure that status reports and produced in time and all development work is tracked as per expectations. - Identifying and resolving issues by analyzing programs and determining solutions. Note: Looking for immediate or 7-15 days notice period . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Keyskills WebDynPro ABAP SAP ABAP OO ABAP Bapi Badi Alv Bdc Data Dictionary User Exits MM SAP ABAP programming ABAP development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Swift Tecnosol leading client of Swift Tecnosol Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details