TITLE: Excellent Oppurtunity for Equity Dealer @ 7204650020

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from HDFC Securities Ltd ! We are currently in an expansion mode & in the lookout for manpower. Designation : Relationship Manager Â - Equity Dealer Experience : 3 months - 5 Years Annual Salary of the Job: Open for Salary Job Location: Bangalore Job Responsibility Â ::: 1. Advising clients with regards to their Investment in Equity & Â Derivative Market, Place orders on their behalf. 2. Building relationships with the client & educating them about Â Â Investments. 3. Responsible for achieving brokerage. 4. Accelerating client base. 5. Executing Trades Orders. 6. Advising client based on Research report. Required Criterias: 1. Exp- Min 3 months in equities/derivatives/Share Market. 2. Graduation Must. 3. Candidates only upto 38 Years of age are eligible. 4. Freshers with 2-3 Months experience can also apply who has some knowledge of stock market. 5. Stock Market knowledge is mandatory. After selection can clear NISM - 8th Series - Equity / Derivative Market. We have Opening in our Bangalore locations. - Rajainagar, whitefield, sadasivanagar, BTM, Jayanagar. If you are interested so please email your resume on prathima.m@hdfcsec.com Regards Prathima Â HR Executive HDFC Securities Ltd Ph no: 7204650020 :: Tel : 08030923717 Salary:INR OPEN FOR Salary Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Investment Banking Role:Equity Manager Keyskills NCFM Equity NISM Derivatives Dealing Brokerage Relationship Management bolt odin RM Client Acquisition Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Securities Ltd HDFC Securities, a trusted financial service provider promoted by HDFC Bank and JP Morgan Partners and their associates, is a leading stock broking company in the country, serving a diverse customer base of institutional and retail investors. HDFCsec.com provides investors a robust platform to trade in Equities in NSE and BSE , and derivatives in NSE. Our website will support you with the highest standards of service, convenience and hassle-free trading tools.Our research team tracks the economy, industries and companies to provide you the latest information and analysis. Our content offers financial information, analysis, investment guidance, news & views, and is designed to meet the requirements of everyone from a beginner to a savvy and well-informed trader. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details