TITLE: Controlling Associate Job

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES The vision of the Enterprise Analytics organization is to revolutionize the creation and consumption of inspiring analytical insights. With breakthrough innovations this team is laying the foundation for Steering Excellence across SAP. With the combining of analytical functions across the company into one central organization the Enterprise Analytics team is empowered to leverage cross-functional skills, dedicated business expertise and innovation use- cases across all areas. By this the team maximizes the impact of a central collaboration model and of working as really ONE team. In addition the Enterprise Analytics function delivers pre-defined services with a clear customer focus best leveraging given economies of scale. As member of the Financials & People cluster, you will focus on operational excellence around analytical tools, coping with both business and technology. Your main focus areas will be to provide standard analytical assets for Field Controlling needs along the GCO steering model. You will act as business partner, representing an analytical demand scenario within Enterprise Analytics, understand the business need and be herewith responsible for delivering a fitting solution and providing a best-in class service to the Field Controlling organization. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS With the understanding of SAPs financial planning and analysis processes and related standards you will gain over time, you drive for operational excellence in your area of responsibility. You broaden your understanding of the business you are dealing with on a day to day basis and therefore you will be capable to jointly agree with related stakeholders of the Field Controlling organization on given and new requirements, to drive change as needed and to adapt those into your business. Based on your business related or technical background define, enhance and constantly improve the analytical assets and services you are responsible for and collaborate with your technical counterparts accordingly Adhere to the overall governance in your area and drive for standardization and effectiveness where possible To operate in a results-driven, agile and customer focused manner is one of your priorities Provide best-in class services to your business counterparts of the Field Controlling organization Fulfill a trusted advisor and consultancy role for your financial analysis aspects and by this become a true business partner Build a solid interface to the technical solution teams for all technical aspects you are connected to EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Degree in Business Informatics or Business Administration with emphasis on Controlling Profound Excel and Power Point knowledge SAP BW / Analytics for Office Team player Effectiveness in problem-solving, results oriented, but focused on quality, pragmatic and hands-on person Strong English language skills LOCATION Bangalore Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills ERP SAP Informatics Cloud Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details