TITLE: Front End Developer - Html/css/javascipt

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Notice period not more than 30 days. Links of work samples to be included in the CV. Must have worked ONLY on B2C apps. Will be looking for Bangalore candidates only, unless the CV is exceptionally good. Look only for IITian's, Experience range would be 0-2 years. Even more is welcome. Budget is open. Job Description : - Conceived by bike enthusiasts, Wheelstreet makes bike renting a hassle free and exciting experience for the riders.We know how difficult it is to search for the right vehicle, thus we simplify that process, providing you with a comfortable and joyful experience. - Overcoming the obstacles in the otherwise unorganized bike rental marketplace through technology, Wheelstreet is a transparent and trustworthy platform.It is one stop solution for your riding needs, whether you are looking at beating traffic, planning a romantic date or a trip with your friends. - Rather than following common standards we believe in being unique and setting new trends. Thus, we are looking for like-minded growth catalysts who can help us achieve the same.Hence, We need You! What we are looking for: - We need our UI Developers to create next-generation platforms that change how millions look at getting motor bikes on rent. We are looking for problem solvers who have a knack for challenges and take them right 'on the face' to solve it at any cost, come what may. Job Responsibilities - Build responsive and elegant web UI using the latest JavaScript standards and best practices. - Collaborating with the designers and backend developers to plan, design and develop applications. - Converting designs into semantically correct and web standards compliant HTML and writing scalable and maintainable stylesheets(CSS). - Ensure Responsiveness & Cross-Browser compatibility for all ui being developed. - Refactor HTML, CSS and JavaScript code so that the UI codebase is scal-able and maintainable. - Build reusable UI components. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML CSS Javascript Front End Web Technologies Technology Web UI Bootstrap Material Design jQuery AJAX AngularJS Design & Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills :- 2-5 years- Experience in a similar role- Expert level knowledge of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Material Design, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, AngularJS- Must have worked extensively on developing responsive/adaptive layouts for multiple browsers and platforms, including desktop, tablet, and mobile.- Experience working with startups and writing code from scratch .Skills :Must have : JavaScript AJAX HTML CSS BootstrapOptional : Angular JSQualifications : BtechTarget Industry : internet Internet/ Online/Start-UpsWorking Days : 6 Days a week( 11:00 AM to 8:00 PM )Job Nature : Full TimeGender : No Preference. Company Profile: Axcess Consultancy services leading client of Axcess Consultancy services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details