TITLE: Senior Developer- JAVA - NIT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES SAP Custom Development is a global organization dedicated to delivering innovative custom solutions to meet our customers unique business process needs. We deliver a full lifecycle of custom development services from strategic planning, risk assessment, development and quality assurance to maintenance. With development centers in US, Germany, India, China & Japan, we are able to leverage a global delivery model that utilizes the specific strengths of each location. To ensure excellence in execution, all development is delivered by following our solidly defined methodology. SAP Custom Development helps customers maximize the value of our customers' technology investments and can ultimately help to enhance their competitive advantage. The Global Execution team within SAP Custom Development is chartered with executing custom development projects and related services, where success is measured by effectively leveraging our ability to deliver those projects on-time, on-budget and with superior quality. As part of the Execution team, candidate will be responsible for carrying out developments focusing on design, coding, testing, quality assurance of complex product features in a development team. Resolves complex issues within own area of expertise and supports others in resolving issues in accordance to the SAP Custom Development methodology. EDUCATION B.Tech / M.Tech / MCA with an aggregate score of 70% or above from NIT/ any Premium Institute SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 4-6 years of Experience in core and enterprise JAVA development Expert in Object Oriented programming concepts and application development skills in JAVA 1.6 or above JDBC Data Structures and Collections of-the-art agile software engineering skills. Enhances skills beyond own core functional focus and works on other tasks for the benefit of the team. Has advanced overall product and technical knowledge and shares expertise within and across team and organization Has advanced knowledge of development processes and product standards. Jointly responsible for ensuring the quality of the solution along with the project manager Help the sales teams shape deals, through evaluations, estimations, and participation in the presales cycle for creating competitive positioning of Custom Development Be a multiplier of your skills by actively mentoring other technical resources on your team Spring 3.0 or above Object Relational Mapping, Hibernate (Optional) POJO Design Patterns Java and JEE patterns. UML Terminologies UI - HTML5, Java Scripts, CSS 3.0 Well versed with Android - Development Concepts Experience in following Testing and System integration tools GIT/ SVN/ CVS repository. Ant, Maven (Build tool for java). Jenkins or Hudson (For continuous integration). Tomcat(Mandatory)/ Netweaver J2EE server 7.4(Optional) (For deployment). Junit (For Java unit testing). - Optional FindBugs, PMD (As static code analyzer).- Optional CheckStyle (For java source code indentation and auto code cleaning)- Optional Eclipse (As Java development environment). Selenium for Performance testing.- Optional Good understanding of development methodologies and processes Experience of working in teams that are executing geographically distributed projects and working with culturally diverse work-groups Excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Flexibility when working with colleagues of different cultural background EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Carry out developments focusing on design, coding, testing, quality assurance of complex product features in a development team. Resolves complex issues within own area of expertise and supports others in resolving issues Shows initiative and drives topics to resolution in a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency. Works closely together with others and shares expertise to ensure product success. Constantly improves own work methods to gain state- Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Developer ERP Engineer SAP Technology Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers, Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details