TITLE: Teamcenter QA

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required skills: Prepare and Review System Test Plan and test case document. Execution of Tests. Prepare Test data & maintain it Suggesting UI changes where ever required, after discussion with the Product Manager Reports generation and documentation Provide complete UT functionality document with corresponding description to concerned developer Review Test Plan (and test cases along with the Dev) for adequacy for a given feature Preferably from Team center background & 1-3 years of exp. Education Qualification : B.E. /B.Tech. Experience : 1- 3 Yrs of expereince Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills documentation teamcenter ut test plan test data b tech test cases review team center product manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Geometric Limited Geometric is a specialist in the domain of engineering solutions, services and technologies. Its portfolio of Global Engineering services, Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions, Embedded System solutions, and Digital Technology solutions enables companies to formulate, implement, and execute global engineering and manufacturing strategies aimed at achieving greater efficiencies in the product realization lifecycle. Listed on the Bombay and National stock exchanges in India, the company recorded consolidated revenues of Rupees 10.95 billion (US Dollars 181.39 million) for the year ended March 2014. It employs about 4400 people across 12 global delivery locations in the US, France, Germany, Romania, India, and China. Geometric was assessed as CMMI 1.1 Level 5 for its software services and is ISO 9001:2008 certified for engineering operations. The companys operations are also ISO 27001:2005 certified. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details