TITLE: Recruiter - Bangalore

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Member Recruitment, People Function Job Purpose: To achieve recruitment objectives by evaluating and recruiting candidates, understanding the job market, advising the leaders and building adequate resource pools by engaging appropriate media and sourcing methods. This is an individual contributor role. The main job responsibilities for this position are as below: Establishes requirements by understanding Foundation people plans, objectives; meeting with Leaders to discuss/ rationalize needs Builds applicant sources by researching and contacting colleges, employment agencies, recruiters, social media, employee referrals and internet sites Provides organization information, opportunities, and benefits; making presentations; maintaining rapportÂ Attracts applicants by placing job advertisements; contacting recruiters, peers in the market, newsgroups and job sites Sources candidates as per the requirements through various sources such as social media, referrals, jobs portals, press advertisements, education resource pools etc. Determines applicant qualifications by interviewing applicants; analyzing responses; verifying references; comparing qualifications to job requirements. Shortlists potential candidates as per criteria and conducting telephonic and/or personal interview, if required. Arranges Expert and Leader interviews by coordinating schedules; arranging travel, lodging and ensuring demonstration/ panel level rounds are conducted as per requirement. Generates, updates and manages Candidate database on day-to-day basis. Generates recruitment reports on a timely basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Recruitment Interviewing Social Media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualification and Experience:MBA in Human Resource (Full time)/ MHRM/ PG Diploma in HR.4 -8 years (minimum 4 yrs of recruitment experience)Skills and Attributes:Ability to educate potential candidates/ institutions about the philosophy and vision of the foundationAbility to conduct different types of interviews (structured, competency based, panel review, stress etc)Should be effective in oral and written communication skills.Should be proficient in MS Office (MS Excel Intermediate / Advanced Level, MS Word, MS PowerPoint)Excellent interpersonal skills, fostering team work and a collaborative work cultureOut of Box thinker, able to suggest alternatives & discuss with the Functional Leaders will be an advantagePrevious experience in using PeopleSoft ERP is desirableJob Reports to:Recruitment Leader Company Profile: Azim Premji Foundation Azim Premji Foundation is a not-for profit organization that has been working for more than a decade now towards making deep, large scale and institutionalized impact on the quality and equity of education in India, along with related development areas. Any large scale educational change requires significant and sustained effort over many decades and can only be achieved through working at multiple levels as well as on several areas simultaneously. The Foundation today works in 8 states and has institutes that are located at Karnataka (Bangalore, Yadgir, Mandya and Gulbarga), Rajasthan (Jaipur, Sirohi, Tonk, Barmer and Rajsamand), Uttarakhand (Dehradun, Uttarkashi, Udham Singh Nagar and Almora), Bihar (Patna), Chhattisgarh (Raipur and Dhamtari), Madhya Pradesh (Bhopal) and Puducherry. At many of the District Institutes, schools have been established for the specific purpose of demonstration. These schools provide quality free education to the local community, at costs and constraints similar to that of rural government schools. Over the next few years, the Foundation plans to have about 50 District Institutes, 30 schools and over 4000 employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details