TITLE: Android Developer with Payment Gateway for a Product Based Start up co

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A Sr. Developer Android will be working on cutting edge mobile payment and billing platform. He will participate in all the stages of product life cycle. Design , Develop and maintain Android applications for consumers and Merchants. * Help with analysis and define new product features to enhance product * Design and develop attractive, innovative, and intuitive mobile user interfaces. * Design/architect mobile solutions in partnership with other mobility platforms * R & D on new requirements, use cutting edge features like fingerprinting, iBeacon to generate user delight. * Help create and maintain product documentation. * Mentor and provide regular feedback/updates both up and down the chain. * Be aware and plan for potential performance related pitfalls, solve production/ customer issues quickly, and help road-map a feature-rich solution. * Partner with server team to define web service API to support new features. Mobile Application Design, PAYMENT GATEWAYS , Mobile Application Development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Mobile Application Development Android Web Technologies API Payment Gateway Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iMindYourBusiness ABOUT US: With deep functional and industry expertise the team@iMind is passionate about taking on immense challenges that your Recruitment team is poised upon. We work with our clients as we do with our colleagues. We build their capabilities and leadership skills at every level and every opportunity. We do this to help build internal support, get to real issues, and reach practical recommendations. We bring out the capabilities of clients to fully participate in the process and lead the ongoing work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details