TITLE: Network Managment & Instrumentation Engineer Lead - Vice President

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Network Management & Instrumentation Engineer Lead Vice President Description JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Global Network Services (GNS) delivers the data network infrastructure upon which the bank's systems are built. This position will be accountable for the delivery of projects in the Network Management space and the BAU support for the systems in this portfolio. The position is global in nature, regardless of individual geographic location. The successful candidate for this position will have considerable experience in designing, deploying and supporting Network Instrumentation for Data Networks. They will have demonstrated a track record of analyzing business requirements and designing / deploying integrated and automated solutions which improve efficiency of the operational and engineering teams. They will contribute to our overall success by upholding established global mission statements and objectives. The person must possess strong foundational technical expertise as well as have good organizational and communications skills. They must be able to work well under pressure and make sound rational decision that balance technical risk against business benefits and financial implications. Responsibilities Designing network management solutions to support the global network, in line with strategic product selection rationale and global bank standards. Working with internal operations and engineering teams as well as external LoBto analyze business requirements and develop scalable, strategic and cost-effective solutions to meet specific business challenges. This may be a combination of custom developed web applications, vendor solutions and scripting with a focus on instrumentation. Identifying additional automation opportunities to streamline the interaction of tools and maximize efficiency of processes and operational / engineering resources. Work as a team to analyze current product set, tool integrations and operational effectiveness to help set a forward looking global strategy for network management. Developing internal and external processes to streamline the operational use network management applications and minimize the administrative overhead of network management tool maintenance Performing evaluations of new product sets to augment existing tool capabilities. Providing global BAU support for all Network Management applications, including out-of-hours support when required. Support the overall vision, mission, and objectives of the Global Network Management Team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java sql php xml perl windows solaris project management ip automation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications In order to be considered for this position, the applicant should be able to demonstrate: A Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Telecommunications, or related discipline, Experience with network instrumentation deployments including design, implementation and troubleshooting, using packet analysis tools, aggregation switches, IP-SLA and NetFlow technologies, Ability to decode packet captures and identify network and application issues, Understanding and experience of management models (FCAPS, OSS, TM-FORUM, etc), Strong understanding of IP Networking technologies and protocols, ideally to CCNP standard Strong understanding of network management and instrumentation protocols (i.e. SNMP, RMON, NetFlow, IP-SLA, etc.), Strong scripting / web development skills (i.e. Shell, Python, Perl, TCL/TK, PHP, SQL, xml, Java), Strong understand of Cisco Strong customer facing communication and inter-personal skills, Solaris UNIX / Linux / Windows skills to the administrator level, Exceptional problem determination, troubleshooting, and resolution skills, Pro-active attitude and ability to work with minimal supervision, Ability to work to tight deadlines under pressure, Previous project management experience, Previous experience in a operational network environment preferred but not essential Product Specific Skills Key Skills Strong understanding of network instrumentation technologies, including but not limited to Endace, Corvil, Wireshark, Riverbed, APCON, cPacket and abstraction layer technologies i.e. Taps/SPAN. Desirable Skills SevOne HP Network Automation SPLUNK Smartbit and Ixia traffic generators Professional certifications a plus (e.g. CCDA, CCDP, CCNA, CCVP, Wireshark, and RHCSA/RHCE) Experience within the Financial Services industry advantageous Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details