TITLE: Data Scientist - Bangalore

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidates, We have an urgent requirement for a Data Scientist Role at Wipro BPS Bangalore. Please go through the Job Description below and in case you are interested then please share your resume at Rahul.kedia@Wipro.com Work Location: Wipro BPS, Sarjapur Office, Bangalore ShiftÂ Timings: 11:00 AM - 8:30 PM (Fixed), Monday - Friday Transport : Only one way to be provided The Position: The Data Scientist will be a team member reporting to client directly. The candidate will be a subject matter expert in the area of Big Data management and will establish and maintain relationship with the Process Owner and the Team. The successful candidate must have good data analytic and problem solving skills. Should be a visionary in the field of data science and enjoy working with data operation to provide the best services to the business groups. The candidate will be managing data and insights that will drive our continued team success.Â PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBLITIES Candidates will be responsible for : Deriving insights from Big Data. Introducing innovative data management concepts. Perform detailed data exploration and validation to identify data issue in multiple environments. Develop insights and analyses that influence decisions and help Execution lead or Capability lead to manage operational excellence and business continuity. Handle end-to-end management and deliverables of a project/multiple projects. Handle correspondence to and from internal and external customers in a professional and efficient manner. Provide support, guidance and domain knowledge to colleagues and execution teams of all levels ensuring understanding. Ensuring that all tasks carried out are compliant to Client's and Wipro's standards, regulations, procedures and audit requirements. CRITICAL SKILLS REQUIRED Â Â Â Â Bachelors Degree in any streamÂ with 4+ years of work experience in data management (computer science, mathematics, statistics or related background preferred) Must have demonstrated experience in large-scale data mining, clustering or predictive modeling in industry Knowledge and experience in text mining & analytics; Experience in Mining unstructured data . Strong programming skills in at least one language such as C#, Python or R. Ability to work with SQL and relational databases. Effective verbal and written English communication skills with technical and non-technical audiences Ability to review, analyze data and information from multiple sources Fast understanding and capacitance of complex systems and their construction Work experience using Microsoft Office Suite : Excel, Power Point, Word, Outlook Salary:INR 5,50,000 - 7,50,000 P.A. Shift Allowance Extra Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Data Analytics Data Management Data Analysis Data Mining Data Scientist Big Data C# Python R SQL Microsoft Office Suite Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Maths, Statistics PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Wipro BPS (A division of Wipro Limited) Wipro BPS is among top 3 ITES companies in India and in the Top 10 Best Places to Work Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details