TITLE: Manager, Asst. Manager - Project Sales (building Materials Industry)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Build and manage a sales force. Market mapping and Scouting for projects. To keep abreast with project progress in their regions. To ensure specification of our brand by architects. To ensure brand presence and visibility in their locations. Will be responsible for overall sales and related activity. Competitor activity / market development related reporting. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills building materials paints tiles ceramics glass plywood mdf laminate veneer bath fittings electrical fittings sanitary ware ACP Carpets Fabrics modular interior products Putty architects project sales contractors builders Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Educational Qualification- Graduate with MBA strongly preferred; must be computer literate. HQ - Â Bangalore Â - Bangalore and to cover entire KarnatakaÂ Â Â Â Â Â Kolkata - Kolkata and entire West Bengal and North EastÂ Â Â Â Â Â Chennai - Entire Chennai & Suburbs Experience-1. For Manager - Â 5 - 12 years and Min 1 year as Assistant Manager.2. For Assistant Manager- 5+ yrs exp. Â Min 2 years as a Sr. Sales Officer. Preferably from the Building Materials Industry (Bath/Electrical fittings, Paints, Tiles, Sanitary ware, Glass, ACP(Aluminium Composite Panel), Interior products like Carpets, Fabric etc..). Government Departments (Central & State) exposure is big plus point. Age- Between 28 to 38 years. Languages Known- English and local language with ability to converse fluently. Hindi knowledge will be an added advantage. Must have experience crafting and presenting effective proposals. Good contacts and strong rapport / relationship with Architects and builders. Shouldve been interacting with them in their current jobs. The CTC per annum will range between Rs.3 Lakhs Rs.7 Lakhs and final compensation package will be based only on the merits of the candidate. Must possess a passion for sales with strong direct sales skills. Must be comfortable dealing with senior levels. Responsible and resourceful manager who operates effectively and systematically with little or no supervision. Strong negotiating skills and ability to close. Must be Pro Active and willing to take initiative. Should have handled / executed at least a couple of sizeable projects. Company Profile: Sunsearch Consultants Reputed Building Material Products Group One of India's biggest building material products group having PAN INDIA Operations with wide network across the country. They have three state of the art manufacturing facilities and the products are well known among customers. The Group is also into exports to various countries across the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details