TITLE: Senior Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ICC Backup Management Responsibilities Ensure the smooth running of Back-up operations to meet all Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for Data Centre Operations. oResponsible for getting the failed logs. oResponsible to check the tape waiting Alerts, appendable tape/ recyclable tape in the library and to label the recyclable tape and mount it to the drive and escalate when required oResponsible for Restore files/ folders/ User profiles/ drives based on user request. oResponsible to contact the respective local support teams and 3rd party vendor for loading the tapes as per the file/ folder request from user oResponsible for System state Restore and server restore when requested Desired Candidate Profile Graduate and min of 2-3 year experience in Data Center environment and Batch Jobs Management With experience in TWS Maestro, BMC Control-M, Batch Scheduler and Veritas Netbackup Knowledge in Sun Solaris, HP-UX, MS Windows and MS Office Skills in SAP environm (1.) To put together data and slides from different sources for the whole function review with senior management (2.) To update information and run validation to keep it current| e.g. PMS (3.) To understand the requirements of the customer from the process & application (HCL employees| managers| HR). (4.) To contribute research and data gathering as and when| e.g. opening an operations in new geos (5.) To analyze and prepare the data cuts as per review requirements (6.) Contributes to special assignments to increase the maturity of the CoE| e.g. budgeting tool desig Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills Quality tech lead java specialist consultant software technical SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details