TITLE: Pre Primary Coordinator (montessori)

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Montessori - Academic Coordinator ( Immediate Position) with 3 years of experiencing in Coordinating Montessori, should be able to handle a team of 20 teachers. Should be able to design the curriculum.Â 1. Conducting Curriculum workshop and cell meetings 2. Mapping the curriculum and Tracking it. 3. Training Teachers - Material and Curriculum. 4. Inspecting Diaries, Note books, etc. 5. Taking classes whenever required. 6. Supervising the daily activities like clay modelling, blue day, onam, environment day, etc. 7. Conducting PTM. 8. Organising programmes like - Orientation, Annual Day, Graduation Day, etc. 9. Making Worksheets. 10. Students discipline. 11. Substitution for teachers. 12. Material stock and requisition. 13. Maintaining documents and registers. 14. Tracking the performance of students. 15. Teacher Observation. Salary:INR 2,75,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Class Teacher / Classroom coordinator Keyskills Teaching Cbse School Written Communication Education and Teaching Teaching and Training Education and Teaching and Training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, B.Ed - Education, B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.A Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidates should be Graduate or Post Graduate with B.Ed and Nursery Teachers Training or Montessori Teachers Training. They should have good communication skill in English and Posses good leadership Quality. Those who have worked as Pre Â Primary Â Coordinator (Montessori) in Â reputed school Â for 2 to 3 years are preferred. Candidate should be Computer Literate. Candidate should reside in and around K R Puram Bangalore. Company Profile: Diya Academy of Learning Diya Academy of Learning is run by August Foundation with strong intent of imparting high quality education for all sections of society. Diya Academy is located at KR PURAM, Bangalore in a 5 acre campus. For the last 12 years Diya is imparting education with values and bringing up future leaders with . dedicated teaching staff, caring members of Diya family it has brought high quality education at reasonable and affordable reach. It is recognized by CBSE. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details