TITLE: Robotics Trainer for Schools in Bangalore

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate must possess flair for teaching and in depth knowledge of Robotics. Candidates must be thorough with STEMS ( Science , Technology , Engineering & Mathematics) principles and concepts. Should be innovative and be able to develop & design training methods & procedures. Should have awareness of the various competitions held for students at national and international level in Robotics domain. Should be able to build a dynamic class environment. Excellent presentation and communication skills are mandatory Looking for qualified and experienced faculty and trainers with professional competence, high energy and social commitment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Keyskills Teaching Science Communication Skills Robotics Robotics Trainer Engineer B.E B.Tech Robotics Instructor LEGO STEM Trainer Robot Programming Desired Candidate Profile Superior written and verbal communication skills in English is mandatory.Candidates must have pleasing personality.Demonstrated testimonial for efficacy in curriculum delivery.Should be able to engage students effectively in class for the topics in discussion.Deliver courses to students using smart class concept.Should have good computer skills to prepare and present contents.Be flexible and adaptive, able to prioritize across a variety of demands.Enthusiastic individual with discipline and professional approach with high level of work ethics.Must be a team player with good interpersonal skills. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: RoboWizards Education LLP RoboWizards simplifies robotics through its different modules of curriculum and after-school programmes across various schools in India. It teaches concepts ranging from distance and proportion to physics, programming and many more. It helps them learn S.T.E.M. topics in new and innovative ways using Robotics Kits in a fun and play manner. RoboWizards has been recognized as "Best Robotics Education & Activity Institute" at Asia Education Summit 2015. www.robowizards.edu.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details