TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this LimeTray is a product-start-up helping restaurants market, engage and sell to more customers online. 6 out of 10 restaurants shut down in less than a year of starting up & this is not because they serve bad food or are expensive but because they fail to reach out to enough customers to cover costs. With its data driven products and services, LimeTray makes it easier for such restaurants to tap the customer base that now lives online. LimeTray has been one of the fastest growing start-ups in India, and is present Pan India in cities like Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Jaipur and other cities; in the period of only 2 years and 6 months; with around 250+ employees all over India. Our founding team consists of ISB, NSIT alumni with strong-domain knowledge having built one of the largest online food ordering portal before and we count very successful internet entrepreneurs as our angel investors & advisors. We are also backed by Matrix Partners, one of the top 5 VC firms in India. When you work with us, you work with a peer group that comprises of people who have previously worked at companies like McKinsey & Company, JP Morgan, Bain & Company, Zomato, FoodPanda and Rocket Internet We manage a 1200+ clientele which includes Big Brands like Burger King, Subway, Brekkie, MK Dabbawala, Krispe Kreme, Tummy Kart, Leopold Cafe, Kaati Zone, Rolls on Wheels, Bhukkad, Beijing Bites, The Chocolate Room, Calvins, Khan Saheb, Night Panda, Tikki TIkki, and many more. We at LimeTray believe in the power of Hustle, Hunger and Ambition. We are excited to face new challenges to further explore our potential and think beyond. Everyone in the team hence has a very high sense of ownership & is given a lot of responsibilities. So, now we are looking for energetic, self motivated and passionate people who can join us quick and get the magic started Responsibilities - Personally contact and secure new business accounts/orders through a relationship-based approach. - Demonstrate products and services to existing and potential customers and assist them in selecting those best suited to their needs. - Achieve maximum sales profitability, growth and account penetration within an assigned Territory and/or market segment by effectively selling the company's products and services. Skill Set - We're looking for people who enjoy selling - Courageous, competitive and hungry folk who like to go out, meet people & are able to strike conversations easily - Confidence, diligence and the ability to persevere are key skills - Excellent Communication skills What we offer - Competitive Compensation package - Challenging career path with huge growth opportunities across functions and geographies for high performers - A workplace where you can create a huge impact Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Selling Profitability New Business Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium LimeTray is a product-startup helping restaurants market, engage and sell to more customers online. 6 out of 10 restaurants shut down in less than an year of starting up & this is not because they serve bad food or are expensive but because they fail to reach out to enough customers to cover costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details