TITLE: iOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Plash is looking for an iOS developer who is passionate about solving challenges of News and Content Discovery on Mobile to join its team. Youll be a critical member of app development team working directly under VP (Engineering). You will: Build the next generation of iOS mobile apps for News Reading. Conceptualize and design Mobile applications Participate in software design (architecture) Test the application on the Simulator and on the actual iPhone and iPad. Upload the application to the App Stores. Troubleshoot and debug software to determine causes of errors and deciding what to do about them. Benefits Options of ESOPs Competitive salaries Paid time off Medical insurance Life insurance and disability benefits Company sponsored tech talks Amazing Workspace Bar on Terrace with Happy hours. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner Much more... Technical Skill set: Strong object-oriented programming skills Expertise in Xcode and Interface Builder In-depth knowledge of Objective C 2.0, Cocoa Framework, Apple Script, Core Graphics, Core Animation Expertise in the iPhone SDK, Cocoa Touch Framework, Open GL ES 2.0, Core Graphics, Core Animation, Store Kit frameworks and CFNetwork programming Expertise in JSON, XML-RPC and WebKit Knowledge of Quartz2D Experience with Instruments such as Leaks, Object Allocation, and CPU Sampler Working knowledge of HTML5 & CSS Pre-requisites: Minimum 3 years relevant experience Must be an active coder. No exceptions. Bachelor's degree (BS or equivalent) in a quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science) Have an eye for User Interface design as engineers on the teams are expected to code both front and back-end deliverables. Excellent ability to communicate with multiple stake holders on both technical and non-technical topics. Experience with version control systems such as Git or Subversion Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Objective C Interface Builder IPad Cocoa Touch Cocoa Framework IPhone SDK IOS XCode CSS JSON iOS Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Plash Plash entered the media industry through the discovery platform with a news aggregator app in Dec. 2013 for Android and Windows. Rapidly moving ahead, we leveraged our technology to enable other publishers to distribute their content digitally, with our mobile app as a service platform, TruNext. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details