TITLE: Software Engineer- Full Stack

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION . Full responsibility of designing and building core modules on both server and client sides. . Solve challenging architectural and design problems. . Get your hands dirty with clustering, replication, databases, build systems and infrastructure automation etc. . Build slick UI interfaces to provide the best user experience. . Build and contribute to open-source libraries and components. Our Dream Engineer . Penchant for learning and building with new technologies and frameworks. . Knack for writing the most performance optimized code along with it being modular and scalable. . No challenge is too big to solve; love thinking product and excited to ideate & build shit all by yourself. Requirements . Being legendary We like . Strong CS fundamentals, good working knowledge of classic algorithms and data structures. . Experience in UI technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery, Angular etc. . Experience developing server-side technologies using core Java or other languages. . Experience working with Spring, Relational Databases, Concurrent Programming, AWS. . Experience designing scalable, fault-tolerant systems and databases. . Solid understanding of how the web works and it's underlying communication protocols. . Experience with mobile development SDKs for iOS & Android. . Good UI design sense. . People who will give up anything to squeeze in that last bit-level performance. . People who code even better after drinking. . Anything else than can surprise us. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript Core Java JQuery Spring User Interface Designing Android Web Technologies Data Structures Mobile Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Headout Headout is an on-demand mobile marketplace that helps travelers discover & book the most incredible tours, activities, events & local experiences in town for the next 24 hours at incredible prices. All it takes is 3 taps and 60 seconds. We combine the convenience of mobile, curated tours, best prices and paperless ticketing to deliver a delightful experience to our users. No more tour brochures, walk-ins, crappy guides or cumbersome payments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details