TITLE: Sr. Consultant- Executive Search: Shift- 04:00 PM to 01:00 AM

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Prepare prospect research/account mapping and strong ability to map talent for niche positions Use primary and secondary data from databases and reports from Hoovers, Data.com, OneSource, Datamonitor, Gartner, Forrester, McKinsey, etc End to end support for various lead generation programs especially for Financial Services. Should be abreast of the synopsis of Industry and Technology trends, major client deals etc. Strong ability to find intelligence and come up with reports on various types of resource needs Interest and ability to work on mapping contacts and name generation independently without a team Required Skills Ideal candidate will be between 7-9 years of experience with strong executive search background and helped in the hiring of Sr Exec and CXO level positions with a consistent record of generating names, leads and contacts during their searches. Candidates should have superior networking and communication skills on the phone. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Executive Search talent mapping executive headhunting industry research global markets equities market CXO headhunting company mapping market mapping Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arctern Arctern Ã‚Â· Founded: 1950 Ã‚Â· Ownership: Public Ã‚Â· Revenue: $2.48+ billion Ã‚Â· Offices: More than 200 locations, nationally and globally. Employees in every U.S. state, plus locations in Canada, Europe, South America and Asia Ã‚Â· Employees: 3,500 internal and 28,000 contract employees on average Ã‚Â· Clients: More than 10,000 clients of all sizes; 60 percent of Fortune 100, and 50 percent of Fortune 500 Recognitions Ã‚Â· iSix Sigma Best Places to Work Ã‚Â· #4 U.S. IT Staffing Firm Ã‚Â· #3 U.S. Engineering/Design Firm Ã‚Â· #7 U.S. Finance & Accounting Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details