TITLE: Tripwire Enterprise Professional - Information/cyber Security

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a Tripwire consultant with 4 to 5 years of experience in implementation for a leading IT MNC . Candidate must have a proven track record of experience in implementing and configuring a Tripwire solution. The candidate will also need to have experience in a variety of technologies including networking devices, security devices, operating systems, and databases. The candidate will manage the implementation, configuration, customization, and optimization of the tool. He/she must have a deep understanding of information technology in general and capable of assisting other technical staff in addressing security monitoring. Responsibilities: - Customization, implementation of best practices, determination of specific use cases, and fully integrate the solution into the environment. - Practical experience administering and configuring information systems. - Advanced knowledge of Windows, Linux, networking, firewalls and vulnerabilities. - Ability to develop and report enterprise level metrics for vulnerabilities and remediation progress. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Customization implementation Tripwire Information security Cyber Security Windows Linux networking firewalls installation configuration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Technical skills:- Tripwire installation, configuration, and customization.- Creating content filters, rules, dashboards, and reports.- Extensive experience with logging systems.- Understanding of Linux systems.- Understanding of Windows systems. Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details