TITLE: Sales Manager- Fullstack Training Solutions -bangalore-4+yrs

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are recruiting for the position of Key account Manager -Techno commercial role --Stack Route--for a top Corporate training company offering Managed training solutions to enterprise segment. The comprehensive suite of Managed Training Services includes custom Curriculum Design and Content Development, Learning Administration, Learning Delivery, Strategic Sourcing, Learning Technology and Advisory Services. Please find below the details of the position. Important Note: min 5 years sales experience CXO level interactions Full stack knowledge Technical understanding Targets/Revenues/Closures Looking for candidates who have worked as a developer/programmer in initial career profile and currently into sales. Key Account Manager-Stack Route Location: Bangalore Reporting: Individual Contributor Will be reporting to the National Head Key Account based at Gurgaon. Experience: 6-10 years . About StackRoute: An audacious new venture to produce the worlds best full-stack programmers. An initiative, StackRoute has seen us partner with some of the leading minds from the industry to design an intensive boot camp model to train people who are passionate about programming. The result? ..A stunning transformation of novice programmers into top-class, full stack programmer. These are the kind of people who can build complete applications and who are steeped in real product engineering discipline. General overview of the role: The role will be responsible for developing the market for the new offering from StackRoute Job responsibilities and duties Drive the business for the StackRoute across India. Customer Strategy and Account Planning Customer Commercial Management Customer Assessment and Feedback Management Customer Relationship Management Customer Marketing and Sales Support Experience The role is responsible for achieving the revenue targets for StackRoute across India Regularly interface with the client and take account of any changes in customer needs. The role is responsible for practicing effective relationship management, resulting in increased wallet share from the existing key accounts . A techno commercial role, requiring basic experience in software programming and current experience in Technology sales Minium of 4-6 year of successful sales experience and a proven track record of selling Technology solutions across India. Proven experience in managing and negotiating large, complex business development initiatives from start to finish Ability to determine strategy and tactical plans that deliver tangible value to the marketplace Driving the implementation of sales and marketing campaigns Effective communication & interpersonal skills, including teaming skills Ability to self manage and prioritize workload Customer Satisfaction measurement and management interested candidates please revert asap with your updated ms word resume to rashmi.bv@peoplestrategists.com rgds Rashmi 9008354778 Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills enterprise sales Corporate Sales Techno Commercial cxo interaction cxo customer learning&development fullstack technology sales technical sales sales engineer technical business development technical bdm programming development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: People Strategist It is a top Corporate Training Company offering Managed Training Services to Enterprises all over the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details