TITLE: Technology Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The individual will need to be product trained and will be subsequently mentored by the onsite LSC on day to day activities/deliverables. The individual will need to have enough knowledge about the product, service or solution to be able to scope a deal and create SOW or recommend Packaged Service or SMS. 1.Platform LSC a.Vertica b.IDOL c.Big Data Technologies 2.Information Governance LSC a.Records Manager b.Control Point c.Storage Optimizer 3.Information Management LSC a.Data Protection [3-5 years of BUR experience is essential] Duties and Responsibilities will include: -Serves as the definitive source of knowledge, technique, or expertise in respective subject area [product expertise] -Functions as the HPE Software and Professional Services organizational Subject Matter Expert (SME) for his knowledge area, and he applies his expertise to support the sale and implementation of software solutions -Understands, articulates and implements best practices for the products related to his area of expertise and portfolio. -Translate customer business requirements into functional and technical approaches to meet those needs. -Generates task lists and estimate level of effort required to implement a customer solution in the form of Rough Order of Magnitude (ROMs) and Statement of Works (SOWs), and SWIPER. -Cultivates and maintains effective working relationships with onshore LSC's, Client Principals, and delivery teams. -Provides subject matter and best practices expertise to the CP when participating in customer meetings -Articulates and communicates information effectively to diverse audiences. -Translates subject matter terminology into business terms, and recommends alternatives to the sales team and potential customers. -Assists Sales Engineers and Solution Architects during product demonstrations in a variety of settings, including internal meetings, customer meetings, and trade shows. Qualifications BE/MCA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Keyskills Subject Matter Expertise Product Service Technology Consulting Software Solutions Technology Consultant Big Data Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Â Company Profile: Hewlett Packard Enterprise At HP we believe technology can create new possibilities for people around the world??from high school students and soccer moms to budding entrepreneurs, government officials, and business executives. We??re the largest IT company on the planet, with 304,000 employees working in approximately 170 countries around the world. And we are able to leverage our size and scope to deliver real value in the products and services we offer. Our healthcare solutions are helping hospitals reduce errors and insurers bring down costs. Our TouchSmart products are helping individuals with autism communicate for the very first time. Our digital printing solutions are revolutionizing the publishing industry by allowing publishers to print individual books on demand. And that??s just the beginning. Where others see challenges, we see opportunities. So we never stop exploring. We never stop at impossible. And we can??t wait to show you what we think of next. HP in India: Established in 1988, India is one of the largest and most diverse sites for HP outside of the US. Based on revenue, HP in India is the country??s Number One domestic company and is also the Number One multinational company [Source: Data Quest 2009*]. Based on revenue, HP is the country??s number one domestic company as well as the top multinational company in the IT industry. It is one of the nation??s largest employers, with businesses spanning customer support to R&D and systems engineering. HP is ranked among the top 10 Best Companies to work for by Business Today, a leading Indian publication, and it is recognized as a Hewitt Best Employer (2009). We are also the leading brand across many product and services categories and have won critical acclaim at the NASSCOM Foundation Social Innovation Honors?? (2009). HP??s participation in national climate change consortiums provides a valuable opportunity to lead and drive the country??s transformation to a low-carbon economy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details