TITLE: Build and Release Engineer - Automotive Domain

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - A thorough understanding of the entire configuration management, build and release cycle and processes including continuous integration (CI). - Knowledge of recent trends in software engineering related to configuration management, build and release management and CI. Build Automation: - Hands on experience in (but not limited to) Perl, Python, Batch programming and ANT. A strong ability to quickly identify and eliminate manual, repetitive tasks through automation. Experience of having significantly reduced and/or optimized build and release activities. - Experience of having implemented CI using industry standard tools like Jenkins - Make systems: Hands on experience in writing make files preferably gnu make. - Experience in integrating automated unit tests with build frameworks. Source Control Management Tools: - Excellent skills on ClearCase & Subversion. Git/Gerrit desirable. Change Management Tools: - Good knowledge on JIRA. Knowledge of other change management systems such as TeamForge/Jazz is desirable. Build Framework Tools: - Good knowledge of Jenkins or Cruise Control/Electric Commander/Build Forge. Packaging: - Knowledge of packaging tools such as Install Shield, Inno Setup is desirable. - Knowledge of agile environment a huge plus! Responsibilities: - Responsible for designing, implementing, managing and optimizing builds and their releases for automotive & industrial LLDs. - Manage and deliver error-free and testable nightly, daily, and milestone release builds. - Administer and manage all the CM and build environments including source management tools, and build machines. - Constantly look to automate manual and repetitive tasks while reducing or optimizing build/release times. - Engage with multiple teams and manage their daily build/automation requirements. Soft Skills: - Must be proactive and self-driven, capable of working with minimal supervision. - Good oral and written communication skills. - Ability to handle and prioritize multiple release demands from various projects every day. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Release Manager Keyskills Release Engineering Build Perl Cruise Control GNU Make Clearcase Python GIT Batch programming ANT Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Leading Client of Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details