TITLE: Research Scientist

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose As a Research Scientist, you will conduct research on the processing of advanced ceramic materials for high-temperature applications. You will involve in the synthesis of ceramic materials with optical, magnetic or/ and magnetic properties, net shaping of ceramics and developing ceramic coatings. You will develop processing- microstructure- property relationships. You will also develop new powder particle processing methods Essential Responsibilities Conduct industrial research to develop structural and functional ceramic materials and coating solutions for GE products for application in Aviation, healthcare, oil and gas, energy, lighting, transportation, and water markets Conduct industrial research to develop processing and net-shaping methods for ceramic, composite, and functional materials Develop processes to make coatings for environmental, thermal, or other barrier applications Use experimental methods to understand processing-microstructure- property relationships and how these apply to the structural ceramics coatings Work closely with global research teams to build strong collaborations Develop and/or use advanced ceramic synthesis and processing techniques to deliver on needs with deep technical rigor Work independently and in cross-functional teams to apply ceramic expertise in developing new technology solutions for GE Invent and patent when appropriate Deliver effective presentations, reports, publications to GE Global Research, GE businesses and professional societies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills Research Scientist Scientist Ceramic processing Thermal analysis chemical Engineering Research methodologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D - Chemical, Ceramics Qualifications/Requirements Doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering, Ceramics or chemical Engineering with at least 2+ years research experience in ceramic processing Deep understanding and working knowledge of ceramic synthesis, ceramic processing, solid-state reactions, sintering, coatings and phase equilibria. Experience or strong interest in processing-structure-property correlation Good publication and/or patent record Should be able to quote clear past examples for the following1. innovative thinking and implementation of ideas2. application of rigorous research methodologies3. challenging scientific theory and pushing the envelope of understanding Passion for science and technology especially materials used in advanced engineering systems Good teaming skills and ability to work with wide range of technical teams and projects Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently and in multi-disciplinary teams.Desired Characteristics Doctorate with at least 2 years industrial experience in ceramic processing. Working knowledge and hands on experience with characterization tools, such as optical and scanning electron microscopes, X-ray diffraction and thermal analysis methods Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details