TITLE: Senior Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must have overall 12+ years of IT Experience, Minimum 5 years or more in Mobility. Must have minimum 3-5 years of experience in architecting/implementing complex Mobility Solutions in highly virtualized environments Must have handled at-least 2 large programs in Mobility Development & Deployment as an Enterprise System Architect involving various mobile/Cloud and integration technologies. Should have experience in defining architecture for mobility applications. Must have a strong understanding of mobile smart phone, tablet and such devices (including large screen platforms and devices) development platforms, including iPhone, iPad, Android, and Windows Mobile. Proficiency preferably in iOS and Android or both. Strong hands-on experiences in designing and coding (Java, C++/ C# ) and scripting languages, HTML5, CSS Experience with Cross-platform development frameworks would be plus. Good understanding and experience working with wireless carriers, cable operators, and/or media companies. Strong understanding of the mobility technology market, players, their offerings and trade-offs Must be proficient in authoring System/Product/Solution requirements from the stakeholders requirements. Must have experience in converting System Requirements to Architecture/Design concepts. Must be well versed with Architecture styles and patterns and trade off analysis using standard methodologies. Must have working experience in design for scalability, performance for mobility Services/Solutions. Must have worked in global/multi Location product development environment. Must have experience with mobile automation and unit testing frameworks, development eco systems for Development & Operations (DevOps). Strong background working in an Agile environment. Must have experience in Cyber Security needs/mitigation for Mobile Application Needs. Proficient in written and verbal communication. Strong analytical and conceptual skills Excellent team building, mentoring people. Must be a self-starter, proactive and willing to learn and grow with the business. Must demonstrate a hands-on approach, attention to detail and results orientation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills C++ Android IPad Java Windows Mobile C# IOS Architecting IPhone Languages Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D Qualifications BE/ ME /M Tech/ PhD with at-least 12+ years of experience.Any certifications in Mobility would be a plus. Company Profile: Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab Pvt Ltd Honeywell Technology Solutions (HTS) is an integral arm of Honeywell, one of the world's premier global and progressive companies. As Honeywell 0E2 s key regional arm of excellence, HTS provides technology, product and business solutions meeting global standards of quality, innovation and lifetime performance. With over 6000 employees, HTS has operations in Bangalore, Madurai & Hyderabad, India; Shanghai & Beijing, China and Brno, Czech Republic. Honeywell International (www.honeywell.com) is a Fortune 100 diversified technology and manufacturing leader, serving customers worldwide with aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes and industry; automotive products; turbochargers; and specialty materials. Based in Morris Township, N.J, Honeywell Inc, the technology leader has 120000 employees and across 100 countries world wide. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details