TITLE: Design Engineer - J36246

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this B. E / B. Tech in Civil Engineering from a recognized University. ME/ M. Tech desirable 5 to 12 years experience in design of water supply, sewerage and drainage system. Sound technical knowledge and experience in preliminary and detailed design of large dia pipeline, water retaining structures, pumping station, water/ wastewater treatment work and associated services. Experience in preparation of technical specifications and producing material take offs, review of vendor design and drawings Preference will be given to candidates with familiarity with international codes, standards and practices related to US, UK, Middle East, Australia water industry A strong, self-motivated and assertive person capable of working under pressure. Well-developed interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Willing to travel and work at different locations within India / abroad Flexible to adopt new work / challenge work as per business requirement. Exposure to Civil 3D design, Water CAD/ Sewer Cad, EPANET is highly desirable Principal Duties & Key Responsibilities Working independently as well as with team on various projects in line with client requirement Supervising the design team and ensure project is delivered with high quality within program and budget Liaison with lead business to demonstrate understanding of scope, knowledge and experience to provide innovative design solution as per best engineering practices. Working in collaboration with other design disciplines to ensure the integrity of the overall design Building a profile in the industry and keeping up-to-date with innovations and developments Compliance of Hyder business management system Health & Safety Management Coaching & Mentoring of junior staff Performing other duties and responsibilities as required from time to time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Experience Should Be : 5 To 10 Candidate Degree Should Be : BE-Comp/ IT Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our Client is an Design Applying our deep market sector insights and collective design, consultancy, engineering, project and management services, we work in partnership with our clients to create exceptional and sustainable outcomes throughout the lifecycle of their natural and built assets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details