TITLE: Senior Software Engineer (spark/scala & Hadoop)

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for Rockstar with experience in Scala, Spark with a proficiency in Linux / Unix environments. As "Senior Software Engineer" s/he should do hands-on coding and proactively mentor developers. S/he will be responsible for developing new products and features on our big data platform leveraging the power of Scala both for batch and real time capabilities Main responsibility: 1. Design, and develop (hands-on) large-scale, complex infrastructure systems. 2. Use your technical influence to drive deliveries, innovation and engineering standards/best practices across Engineering. Skills & Knowledge: BTech or MTech in Computer Science or related technical discipline (or equivalent). 3-8 years of relevant work experience in big data technology, with 1 year experience in Spark including large systems software design and development, with programming experience in Scala, python and/or Java. Strong design and coding skills At least 1 year hands on experience in Scala and be the advocate of Functional programming at least 2years experience in distributed processing framework like spark, hadoop Other important skills: A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design. Prior experience in working with Agile software methodologies (XP, Scrum) Salary:INR 9,50,000 - 19,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Linux Unix Hadoop Spark Scala Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Amadeus Software Labs India Pvt Ltd Amadeus - A global travel technology leader Amadeus is a $ 3.84 Billion leading provider of advanced technology solutions for the global travel industry; from initial search to booking, from pricing to ticketing, from reservations to check-in and even departure processes. We are a 25-year plus old solutions company with a strong presence across the globe with 73 Commercial Centres, 3 Regional Centres and 16 R&D Centres. Amadeus Labs, Bangalore - A centre of innovation Amadeus Labs, Bangalore was setup in 2008 with an external partnership. Amadeus Labs, Bangalore constantly works towards extending our global research and development activities and in 2012, it became a fully Amadeus-owned global software development centre. We are an innovation-driven, research lab with over 900 of the brightest minds, coming together to shape the future of travel. Where next? We are always on the look out for great people to join us. Our commitment to shaping the future of travel drives everything we do and provides a passionate, engaging and challenging environment in which you can shape your career. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details