TITLE: Manager - Customer Lifecycle Management (clcm)

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position for Customer Care Head is for the online business for SPAR, the job responsibilities include the following - 1. Define strategy for contact center operations (in-house vs. outsource) & define processes (inbound/ outbound/ SMS/ Chat/ E-mails).Â 2. Build a team & manage the resources including partners, team etc. Â 3. Develop & define process & policy for customer Â query/complaint resolution/refund/return etc. Â 4. Manage Budgets for the customer support team Â 5. Training needs of the customer support team etc. Â 6.Â Manage audits & improvements in processes to bring down issuesÂ Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Inbound Outbound Customer Care Customer Support Contact Center Team Management Training Needs Team Training developing strategy designing policy Customer Lifecycle management CLCM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. Prefer candidates from Online Grocery background / Hospitality industry (not from operations)Â 2. Candidates who have experience inÂ Customer Lifecycle managementÂ 3. Ability to summarize, communicate and effectively engage different stakeholders across business Company Profile: Max Hypermarket India Pvt. Ltd (SPAR) SPAR is the world's largest food store chain with over 12000 stores in 38 countries across 4 continents and meets the needs of over 10 million consumers every day. SPAR Hypermarkets and supermarkets in India is the result of a license agreement between the Dubai based Landmark Group's Max Hypermarkets India Pvt. Ltd. and SPAR International. Max Hypermarket India Pvt. Ltd. currently operates 16 stores in 9 locations. These cities are Bangalore, Mangalore, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Delhi, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon, Chennai and Pune. The average hypermarket size is 50,000 sft. Max Hypermarket India Pvt Ltd exhibits Landmark group's core values in its approach to employees and business. 1. Passion for excellence 2. Integrity in everything we do 3. Empowering people to strive and deliver 4. Adapting to changing market and consumer needs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details