TITLE: Developer/ Sr. Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "Job Profile Sterling Commerce Experts Understand requirements, build codes, support testing and fix defects with the objective of developing high standard and stable codes within the limits of the Cognizant processes, standards and guidelines. Candidate Profile Hands on experience needed in design and coding of the below mentioned modules:- 1. Order Capture 2. Item Set Up. 3. Inventory Management. 4. Payment Processing Authorization and Charge. 5. Sourcing and Scheduling Supply , Demand, ATP rules. 6. Order Release. 7. Order Modification like customer appeasement, Rebate, Coupons etc. 8. Invoicing. 9. Payment Settlement. 10. Returns and Exchange. 11. Alerts and Exceptions. 12. Front end applications (COM, SIM and SOM)- RCP Platform." Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Coding Sterling Commerce Front End Payment Processing Inventory Management Developer Front end applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cognizant Technology Solutions India Ltd Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 100 development and delivery centers worldwide and approximately 221,700 employees as of December 31, 2015, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: Cognizant. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details