TITLE: Data Scientist - Telecom Domain

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary : We are looking for data scientists with proven record of applying data science to solve problems at an industrial scale. Candidates will be required to interact with TELCO'S to understand their problems, gather relevant data, build models by applying advanced analytics and generate insights to solve the identified problems. They will to work with, guide and mentor data analyst teams of size 3-10 members. Qualification/Experience : - Overall 7 - 10 years of experience - 4+ years of demonstrated ability for industrial scale modeling using advanced analytics is a must - Strong proficiency in machine learning techniques like Bayesian, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, etc. - Strong proficiency in advanced statistical methods including multi-variate statistical methods, discrete choice modelling, etc. - Exposure to optimization solutions like constraint based optimization, game theory, etc. is an added bonus - Working proficiency in atleast one programming language (C++, Java, R, Python, etc.) and SQL - Strong proficiency in atleast one data mining tool/platform (SAS, SPSS, R, RapidMiner, etc.) - Prior experience with Big Data platforms/tools (Hadoop, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) and exposure to telecom domain will be added advantages - Proven ability to deliver analytics projects - Graduates with majors in statistics/mathematics will have an additional advantage - Good communication skills - Open to travel frequently to worldwide locations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Java SQL Python SAS SPSS Machine Learning Neural Networks Statistics Programming Analytics Data Scientist Scientist C++ R Programming language Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Talacquai Consulting Our Client is a leading global provider of Business and Operations Support Systems (B/OSS) that empowers communications service providers (CSPs) to achieve competitive advantage through Business and Capex Optimization - thereby enabling them to improve their operational efficiency to deliver enhanced service experiences to subscribers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details