TITLE: Technology Head - It/digital Marketing Startup

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently assisting a niche Digital Marketing / online commerce company associated with a well renowned and established Marketing Company based in Bengaluru for the position of Operations Head. Role will be based in Bengaluru and offers the incumbent a great opportunity to be part of an exciting & adventurous journey. About This Job : "Let's invent tomorrow instead of worrying about what happened yesterday- Steve Jobs The technology head works to bridge the space between strategic vision, business practice, and software implementation. His role is to assure the successful execution of the company's business mission through development and deployment of the company's technology presence. This requires envisioning how the software is structured by the brand's service offerings as a web-based business, planning how the software is built as well as, leading implementation of web based applications, and planning for risk and growth. It's an important job considering you become the face of the company's technology platform; an evangelist to developers, customers and employees with a focus on building awesome technology. Key Accountabilities : The Technology Head needs to wear a lot of hats especially in the early days: from systems architect to code monkey to development manager to project manager then finally to technology head as the business scales over time. He or she would have built web applications in C++, Java, PHP, Python and Ruby frameworks (at least Java, PHP and Python). The specific skills can be broken into the below mentioned five parts : Seeing the big picture : - The tech head should know everything technology can and can't do in their head. That means knowing what's written and what's not, what the architecture can and can't support, and how long it would take to build something new and scale it. Being able to see the macro and micro simultaneously is a hallmark of all of the really great technologists. Platform selection and technical design : - With multiple people working on the same project and platform, you will have to be a lot crisper in your definitions. Is the fact that we were primarily using Magento essential, or could we add new frameworks written in other languages- Is it an important fact that most of our web code is procedural and what if someone wanted to write his or her module in OOP style- When projects are getting off the ground, the team checks with you to make sure their plans are viable. Provide options : - You never say, "that's impossible" Instead you find options and communicate them to everyone in the company. If the business head wants to change the product in order to serve a new customer segment, you need to digest the needs of the new (proposed) business, and lay out the costs of each possible approach. Find the 80/20 : - Sometimes, the tech head is in a meeting where someone wants to build a new feature. And in their mind, they've got it all spec- d out. "It slices, it dices, and probably washes your onions too". In your mind, you would find a way to get 80% of the benefit for 20% of the cost. "Would you be able to learn what you need to learn if that feature just sliced, but not diced- Because if we don't have to add a dicing module, we can reduce 80% costs" You will know how often features are added on a whim! Own the development methodology : - Usually the VP Engineering would be responsible for the engineers writing adequate specs, interfacing well with QA, and also running the scheduling "trains" for releases. But in our lean startup, the development methodology is too important and has enormous impact on what the architecture must look like and therefore the technology head has to be responsible for this. Grow technical leaders : - You will formalize this responsibility by eventually designating some developers as "Technical Leads" and delegating more and more projects. This is the only way to scale. By delegating and training, you create a chain of leaders who could step in to provide Tech head-like services on demand. Despite the title, you are still hands on - not merely the management who gets wheeled in for meetings. It means knowing how good architecture or interface design is built, what makes things tick, doing incredible debugging when the team is stuck or need help. It's about trust. It's about inspiration Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology (IT)/CTO Keyskills Magento PHP Digital Marketing Online Marketing Java C++ Operations Project Management Business Planning Operational Head Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: KayZen Group Leading client of KayZen Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details