TITLE: Business Head - Startup

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently assisting a niche Digital Marketing / online commerce company associated with a well renowned and established Marketing Company based in Bengaluru for the position of Business Head. Role will be based in Bengaluru and offers the incumbent a great opportunity to be part of an exciting & adventurous journey. About the Job : "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee The Business Head is often described as someone at the intersection between product, creative, marketing, technology and operations with a laser like focus on getting sales. A good business head must be a master salesman but passionate and conversant with practitioners in all. Product : - If it weren't for the product, there would not be any business to do. The business head would need to understand the product to the point where he can evangelize it to anyone who is willing to listen. Sales : - The task is to understand the current market, the brand's potential and the client's expectations and marry them into a business plan that gets everyone on board. Thereafter, is just a game of making sure jobs are done, metrics are reached and targets are met. Creative : - While a business head doesn't need to sit and create banners in photo shop but understanding what works for the customer (and what doesn't), having a good sense of aesthetic and most importantly understanding every aspect of the user experience is crucial to making the right decision's. Technology : - There's no point in building something that nobody (or very few people) use. The business head's job is to optimize the web assets to achieve the business goals while maximizing return on investment, which requires an understanding of the technology, stacks and the level of effort involved in crucial tasks. Marketing : - Working closely with the marketing team, the business head charts constant growth hacks for adding new customers exponentially, increasing the existing one's life time value constantly and maximizing return on marketing investment. Operations: - You must be working in liaison with the ops team to create systems that deliver those wow moments time and again. This means, you need to be out there testing the product, talking to customers and getting that feedback first hand Role Of Business Head : - Setting a vision for the brand, which requires you to research your market, your customer, the products being sold and the problem they have that they're trying to solve. - You have to assimilate huge amounts of information feedback from clients, quantitative data from your web analytics, research reports, market trends and statistics - You need to know everything about your market and your customer, and then mix all that information with a healthy dose of creativity to define a vision for your brand - Have a vision, & spread the word in your business. Your success, and that of your product, relies on every team member from developer to creative to call center understanding that vision and being passionate about it as well - Work day in, day out with the development team as a product owner - Defining and iterating the product as you go, finding better solutions for the customers, solving problems as they pop up and closely managing scope as well as client expectations so you can get the product out on time - Looking at sales, how customers use the product, going out and talking to them about the product and generally eating, sleeping and breathing the site to see if the business plan you built is being fulfilled - You continue doing this till the time you see revenues grow and hit the landmarks you set Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Sales Digital Marketing Online Marketing Web Analytics User Experience Business Planning Technology Operations Call Center Web Technologies Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: KayZen Group Leading client of KayZen Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details