TITLE: Oracle Database Administrator, 5-10 Yrs Exp, IBM, L3 - L4 Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have URGENT openings for Oracle Database Administrators with 5-10 years experience in IBM. Salry is open and negotiable Immediate joiner required. If interested, please share your profile to pradip@vixi.in, 09581904904 Primary Skill: Oracle Database Administration Exp: 5-10 Yrs Interview Location: PAN India Job Location: Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad Job Type: Contract Role - * You have to perform the proficient role, that requires Database Administration, maintenance and troubleshooting on the databases with Oracle releases 10g/ 11g and willing for 24x7 rotational shift support. * Responsible for Database Administration on production databases with Oracle releases 10g/ 11g * This position requires proficiency in Backup and Recovery, Database Administration. * Proficiency with UNIX is required. * To install and maintain Database Server as demanded by the business needs * To extend the required technical support for all issues related to production Database(s) and also during the product development, testing and release phases. * Expert in database backup and recovery (RMAN) best practices. Preferred Technical and Professional Experience * Review and improve the SQL queries as required by the business * Define the required Oracle patch level (based on Oracle support and our Company requirement) * DB Partitioning and Implementation. * Operating system knowledge: Windows, IBM AIX, Solaris and Red Hat Linux * Preferably an Oracle Certified (OCP) Database Administrator * Proven leadership skills and ability to lead on critical technical issue and achieve the desired results * An independent and should have ability to work with a team with willingness to mentor and guide the team * Proven analytical/problem solving skills. * Ability to manage and meet deadlines. * Must have demonstrated interpersonal and communication skills. * Ready to work in 24 X 7 Production Support, on rotation basis Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A. Based on Previous CTC, Years of Experience, and your availability Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills Oracle DBA Oracle Database Administrator oracle database administration oracle database admin certified oracle dba certified oracle database administrator rman dataguard oracle 10g sr oracle dba oracle dba l3 support oracle dba l4 support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5+ Exp on Oracle Database AdministrationPlease go through the JD Immediate joiners requiredSalary is open and negotiablePrimary work location is Bangalore Company Profile: ViXi IT Solutions IBM Global Services India Private Limited Recruitment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details