TITLE: Front End Developer - Mobile Applications - Javascript/ Jquery

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: - Experience with JavaScript libraries and frameworks like jQuery, jQuery UI. - Experience with JavaScript, AJAX, CSS, CSS3, LESS, HTML, DOM, json, jQuery, bootstrap, jQuery UI. - Expert level understanding of the HTML and underlying event model. - Strong analytical and problem solving skills. - Ability to effectively learn and use new programming concepts, tools and methodology to support the needs of the business. Skills Required: Candidate should possess these skills: - 2+ Yrs of experience with object oriented JavaScript, DHTML, HTML5, CSS, java/C++ a plus. - Experience with JavaScript libraries (JQuery, RequiresJS, Bootstrap, AngularJS and Backbone a plus). - Experience extending existing frameworks desired. - Experience with Spring Framework, and Spring MVC desired. - Able to work on a distributed team using agile methodologies. Responsibilities: - Ability to develop and implement high-quality code in a timely manner is essential. - Effective verbal and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences. - Ability to thrive in a dynamic, collaborative and fast paced environment. - Strong interpersonal skills as well as strong problem-solving and analytical skills and attention to detail. - Elegantly implement page designs in standards-compliant cross browser JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. - Work closely with back-end developers to find ways to push the limits of existing Web technology in service of creating the best possible user experience. Revert ASAP with your updated Resume with following details: - Exp. in JavaScript (Exp. In Yrs) Exp. in JQuery Exp. in AJAX, CSS, CSS3, LESS, HTML, DOM, json Exp. in RequiresJS, Bootstrap, AngularJS and Backbone Exp. in Spring Framework Current Company Current Location Ready to Relocate Noida Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML Javascript Java JSON Ajax JQuery CSS DHTML DOM Spring Mvc Front End Developer Mobile Applications RequiresJS Bootstrap AngularJS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Planman HR Pvt. Ltd Leading client of Planman HR Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details