TITLE: C++ Java Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this C++ Java Senior Software Engineer, CAST - Software Vendor CAST has the world largest R&D Lab focusing on software quality analysis and measurement through application source code analysis. Wipro, HCL, CapGemini and IBM GBS are all leveraging our technology. To sustain its constant growth and expand the R&D team split between Paris and Bangalore, CAST is looking for strong C++ Java Senior software engineers with 4-6 years of experience in a software company.Â Job definition Working at CAST R&D means being an important part of a highly-talented, fast-paced, multi-cultural and Agile team based in Paris (France) and Bangalore (India). The team builds a sophisticated source code analysis platform leveraging parsing, control flow, data flow and others mechanisms to fully understand the inner structure of the complex IT Systems developed and used by the Fortune 500 companies. You, working as individual contributor as part of team, will contribute to the core part of our platform: the source code analyzer. You will contribute to the evolution of our technology to support the latest evolution of Java and related frameworks. You will have the opportunity to work on the different parts of the analysis chain from parsing to developing new quality rules notably the ones related to the emerging CISQ standard. C++ will be your main language of use but you will also have the opportunity to leverage your Java experience. You will be integrated in one of the SCRUM teams working on the core parts of the CAST platform. Your teammates will be located in India as well as in France. Profile The candidate should have a passion for technology and a flexible, creative approach to problem solving. Must have at least 4-6 years of experience in a software company Expertise and passion in C++, C++ libraries like STL/boost, complex algorithms At least 2 years of concrete experience in Java and related technologies. Hands on TDD addict Need to have practiced successfully one of the Agile methods like Scrum, XP, Crystal, Lean Excellent written, oral and telephone communication skills in English. Desired but not mandatory knowledge of the Application Maintenance & Development landscape, preferably through past experiences inside a top Indian SI Compensation and Evolution: Commensurate with the seniority of the role, a competitive salary package with benefits will be paid. The level will be determined by the successful candidates experience as well as their home base. The variable portion of the compensation will include a quarter MBO elements. CAST has great ambitions for India, and expects huge success that could lead to outstanding opportunities for chosen candidate About CAST CAST is a $50M, rapidly growing global enterprise Software Company, publicly listed on Euronext and with a strong presence in Europe and United States. As the market leader in Software analysis & Measurement, CAST counts F-500 organizations like AT&T, American Express, Airbus, and Global System Integrators like IBM, Capgemini, ATOS, Steria, HCL, Wipro, and TCS amongst others as its customers. CASTs unique technology results from more than $100+ million in R&D investment in its ability to detect system-level flaws, across end-to-end business critical applications containing multiple technology combinations including 4GLs, frameworks, databases and legacy technologies to provide a context-based comprehensive intelligence into application risks and costs for ADM Management. CAST Application Intelligence Platform (AIP) is the only solution in the market that analyzes and measures applications against the emerging CISQ (Consortium for IT Software Quality www.it-cisq.org) standards that encapsulate system-level coding and architecture best practices for security, reliability, performance efficiency and maintainability. CAST is listed on Compartment C - Eurolist by Euronext Paris. Created in 1990, CAST serves Fortune 500 customers with a network of 11 fully-staffed offices in the US and Europe. CAST is a recognized leader by all major IT analysts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C++ Java STL Boost Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CAST Software India Pvt Ltd CAST is a $50M, rapidly growing global enterprise Software Company, publicly listed on Euronext and with a strong presence in Europe and United States. As the market leader in Software analysis & Measurement, CAST counts F-500 organizations like AT&T, American Express, Airbus, and Global System Integrators like IBM, Capgemini, ATOS, Steria, HCL, Wipro, and TCS amongst others as its customers. CAST's unique technology results from more than $100+ million in R&D investment in its ability to "detect system-level flaws", across end-to-end business critical applications containing multiple technology combinations including 4GLs, frameworks, databases and legacy technologies to provide a "context-based" comprehensive intelligence into application risks and costs for ADM Management. CAST Application Intelligence Platform (AIP) is the only solution in the market that analyzes and measures applications against the emerging CISQ (Consortium for IT Software Quality - www.it-cisq.org) standards that encapsulate system-level coding and architecture best practices for security, reliability, performance efficiency and maintainability. CAST is listed on Compartment C - Eurolist by Euronext Paris. Created in 1990, CAST serves Fortune 500 customers with a network of 11 fully-staffed offices in the US and Europe. CAST is a recognized leader by all major IT analysts. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details