TITLE: Software Dev Analyst- Itorg

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The software developer will contribute to the design and delivery of customer facing applications which are highly scalable, performant, secure and ready for global deployment. This role has high visibility in DELLs IT organization with strong career potential. Â Accountable to the Development Manager for designing and developing documented, high quality code that meets the requirements within the agreed timescales. Â Integrated Services Platform (ISP) is a strategic program in Services & Consumer IT space which defines Dell's CRM foot print to deliver solutions to customers. This program has 3 primary objectives viz to enable future business growth and strategic direction, to drive significant operational savings & to enable Support services Strategy. This global application would be used both inside Dell and directly by customers and Dell partners around the world In terms of the scale, this global application would be approximately used by 30,000 customer care & technical support agents. Â Â The Role Design and implementation of Siebel Integration Objects to the agreed schedule and in accordance with architectural, quality and process standards. Work with other Developers, Architects, Development Managers, Systems Analysts to ensure timely delivery of a high quality overall solution that meets business requirements. Provide assistance with design prototyping and walk-throughs, as required. Provide technical leadership within a geographically dispersed team that designs, develops, tests, installs and supports high quality software applications. Ensure audit & quality standards maintained across all technical areas. Contribute to standards and processes to be followed during the software development lifecycle Â Challenges Understanding and developing in the very technical, cutting edge environment . Adherence to a Quality System and Dell project life cycle and CMM compliance. Keeping up-to-date with the latest developments in a number of complex technologies ensuring that these are utilised where appropriate. Coordinating with other developers, development teams, users and business on a global scale. Availability and willingness to travel to other DELL locations worldwide Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle crm software development siebel technical support http cmm modeling audit isp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 2 years as developer using Siebel Integration Objects Hands-on experience with and working knowledge of the following: - EAI Siebel Adaptor, Integration Workflows, EAI HTTP Transport EBC, VBC (mandatory) Experience in database modeling and design on Oracle is an advantage Proven experience of delivering quality solutions in a fast-moving business environment. Experience working with multi-cultural & multi-national software development teams. Â Â Qualifications Higher Education Degree/ Diploma in computing or a related numerate subject Siebel Certification would be an advantage Demonstrated proficiency in interpersonal and communication skills including oral and written English Company Profile: Dell For more than 26 years, Dell has empowered countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether theyre at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details