TITLE: Manager Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "The Analytics Manager will lead a group of Cross SBG Procurement and Commodity Analysts that matrix report into Commodity managers / Directors / CST / other Functional Leaders . Will lead initiatives across 1. Payment optimization strategies 2. T&L auctions and reporting 3. Review & approve scorecards & dashboards designed by the Analysts for the Procurement Leadership. 4. Lead & provide direction to the Analyst handling the Buy Honeywell program. 5. Review the HGCLP North America process periodically. 6. Scorecards, metrics & dashboards for the Operating Supplies CST. 7. Commodity specific reporting and Analytics requirements across SBGs Responsible for leading the analytics horizontal and ensuring the larger annual business goals are met and savings achieved. Support the various CST's on annual AOP planning while providing accurate data. Helping formulate annual goals as a breakdown of the larger Corp goals and aligning them with GPS's annual growth & business strategies. Develop and establish business relationships with key internal customers and ensure all Analysts are consistently moving up the value chain from a Customer/Business perspective. Develop key talent and high potential for bigger roles within and out of GPS. Robust Training and efficient back up plans on internal movements. Liaison with all CST Leaders to ensure team is meeting expected standards on performance and is constantly challenging the existing goals, while ensuring process improvements are continuous. Primary responsibility is to manage commodity and procurement analysts and support with different business analysis in terms of delivery of high quality analytical reports on time and under budget. Ensure that the hiring process is completed by working very closely with the HR Recruitment focal for new additions. Ensure that Monthly Incentive System for team members are conducted on time in an objective and unbiased manner Primary Appraiser for the Assistant Managers and secondary appraiser for Team Leaders within that unit. Participate in HPD and GCP process as per role. Ensure quality HPD process and continuous feedback. GCP reinforcing pay for performance. Attrition management & EWS tracking and ensure actions plans are in place for high risk employees. Career development and grooming of Extended Leadership potential in the team aligned to MRR plans, Coaching and Mentoring as part of role. IDP and Training plan completion of team. Enable year on year competency maturity tracked through competency profiling. Train on process, behaviors as per requirement. Conduct Rewards and Recognition adhering to rewards criteria and impacting employee motivation. Conduct & ensure effectiveness of monthly 1:1, Skips, Leadership GEMBA, Tier meetings within the team. Review of people practices in team to enable common standard and resolution of issues. Review of MRR, HPD,GCP, R&R with PS Director & HR. Drive Code of Conduct adherence within team and role model leadership behaviors for a positive work environment." "Ensure that the VOC are rolled out for each of the processes within XSBU and do a root cause analysis for the customers who provide a score of <8. Interact with business Clients at least monthly, to identify operational issues and take corrective actions. Build strong relationships with the clients / stakeholders . Build and adhere to a MOS structure with clients . Regular Operations Performance Reviews and corrective actions Understand Client Business key priorities / STRAP / AOP and align to them. Build strong Business Acumen / understanding of the Client business Escalation management PVI and corrective actions to address any concerns Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills Business Analysis Analytics Analytics Manager Supply Chain Management Procurement Operations ERPs Oracle SAP HR Recruitment Six Sigma Project Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, M.Com - Commerce, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required A Degree / PG in Engineering or Commerce with a minimum of 8-10 years of experience in any industry with specialization in Supply Chain & Procurement Services Domain. An MBA will be an added advantage.Experience in handling Supply Chain Management work will be an added advantage. Should have prior experience in Procurement Operations.Should have had a minimum of 2+ years experience of leading a team with excellent People Management SkillsExperience in dealing with multiple ERPs as this role will involve extensive use of Oracle / SAP. Experience in dealing with web based tools and should be comfortable with working on various reporting tools which are web based. Excellent communication skills, as role will be required to liaise with Customers / Partners.Ability to think strategically with excellent quantitative skills which will be very relevant from a functional perspective to support a variety of strategies and help his team to achieve the same.Ability to work independently with limited supervision and seek direction on larger business goals.The Analytics Manager will assist Indirect purchasing strategies, planning, supplier interface and negotiations.Ability to formulate high-level presentations, present them at a Global level and in a variety of forums that may be requiredStrong consensus-building, teamwork, and creativity and the ability to motivate a larger team to meet their goalsProgram management experience and project management experience a definite plus.Assist the GCSC Leadership team on AOP data and strategy when required on an annual basis.Good team player on 'Go To' person for his immediate team.Strong skills on all Microsoft Products like Excel, Word, Power Point and MS Access. This job may also require using various applications (Microsoft or others). Hence, a strong inclination towards automation will be an added advantage.Exposure to Six Sigma / Project Management is also desirable Company Profile: Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab Pvt Ltd Honeywell Technology Solutions (HTS) is an integral arm of Honeywell, one of the world's premier global and progressive companies. As Honeywell 0E2 s key regional arm of excellence, HTS provides technology, product and business solutions meeting global standards of quality, innovation and lifetime performance. With over 6000 employees, HTS has operations in Bangalore, Madurai & Hyderabad, India; Shanghai & Beijing, China and Brno, Czech Republic. Honeywell International (www.honeywell.com) is a Fortune 100 diversified technology and manufacturing leader, serving customers worldwide with aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes and industry; automotive products; turbochargers; and specialty materials. Based in Morris Township, N.J, Honeywell Inc, the technology leader has 120000 employees and across 100 countries world wide. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details