TITLE: Linux Expert - Mainline

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills: - 9-12 years of experience in OSS and Linux domain. (Candidate with more experience can also be considered) Significant contribution to the OSS/Linux community. - Must have working experience on Linux main line kernel/ Subsystem Worked on Kernal.org and mainline kernel code. - In-depth knowledge and working experience of Linux kernel internals (like memory management, power management, process, scheduling etc) and RT kernel. - Working exposure of RTOS and android is a plus. MS in Electronics/Computer Science from reputed institute, PhD is desirable. - Preference will be given to candidates who have worked in foreign countries. - Experience with Development on ARM/MIPS/Atmel/PPC/Xtensa based platform is desirable. QMS Application: - Exposure to creation of high quality Design Document, Test Plan and System Test Case documents Should have good knowledge of firmware project development life cycles. - Desirable Functions: Working knowledge of any of the following technologies: Porting of Linux on embedded platforms, application of kernel patches to Linux kernel. - Strong knowledge and experience in using debuggers, emulators. Role & Responsibilities: - Design, implementation, Testing, Bug fixing and debugging Bug raising, Bug closure and following-up Configuration Control - Good communication skill Interaction with other team (FW/HW) Team Industry Background - Experience in embedded firmware development, real time OS, Middleware technologies Understanding of architecture definition - Must have done analysis, design, coding and white box testing in previous assignments - Exposure to code coverage and optimization techniques - Exposure to Open Source Software Development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ARM Linux Kernel RTOS MIPS Firmware Development Memory Management Open Source Power Management White Box Testing System Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Client of Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details