TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IBM has been present in India since 1992. IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services, healthcare, government, automotive, telecommunications and education, among others. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. Â About BU- "Mission: To continue building out the leading Enterprise Mobility Management solution in the global market. Mission: Drive Security innovations and client impact for IBM and ISA. Vision: Expand portfolio with new product introductions, enhance current offerings to meet large enterprise needs, and integration with various security portfolio products. Vision: To be the premier lab for IAM and Data Security thought leadership and product strategy for IBM Security. 2016 Priorities: *Market leading enterprise gateway launch and top notch Secure Productivity Suite releases *Continued zero day support for iOS9, Windows 10, Android" Â Roles and Responsibilities: Â * Â Â Â Â Â Â Carry out exploratory testing within an Agile software delivery environment. * Â Â Â Â Â Â Collaborate closely with developers, product managers and support engineers to correctly identify, prioritize and resolve issues. * Â Â Â Â Â Â Develop test & automation frameworks to help scale and manage testing scope and environments * Â Â Â Â Â Â Improve the quality of developer output via training, coaching and process changes. * Â Â Â Â Â Â Be a part of ideation and innovation in the QA domain. 50+ ideas conceptualized and delivered by test engineers till date Â Required Skills: 2-6yrs of experience. * Â Â Â Â Â Â Knowledge of software development/life cycle process * Â Â Â Â Â Â Proven product development/quality assurance techniques and process skills * Â Â Â Â Â Â Mid to proven database skills are highly desirable * Â Â Â Â Â Â Mid to strong UNIX skills are highly desirable * Â Â Â Â Â Â Passion for usability, simplicity and consistency in software testing * Â Â Â Â Â Â Additional qualifications ("nice to have") include: * Â Â Â Â Â Â Experience with developing Mobile Device Management (MDM) solution on any platform. * Â Â Â Â Â Â Knowledge of major mobile platforms (iOS, Android, WP8, etc.) Qualification: BE/B tech/ME/M tech/MCA/BCA and/or relevant industry experience. Â Skill-keywordsÂ Mobile App Testing experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Exploratory Testing QA Software Testing Automation Testing Android Software Development Life Cycle Quality Assurance Software Engineering Product Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Â Company Profile: IBM India Pvt. Limited IBM has been present in India since 1992. IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services, healthcare, government, automotive, telecommunications and education, among others. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. IBM has been expanding its footprint in India - and has a presence in over 200 cities and towns across the country - either directly or through its strong business partner network. IBM India has clearly established itself as one of the leaders in the Indian Information Technology (IT) Industry - and continues to transform itself to align with global markets and geographies to grow this leadership position. Widely recognised as an employer of choice, IBM holds numerous awards for its industry-leading employment practices and policies. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. To know more about business units at IBM India, click on the "About Us" link above. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details