TITLE: Software Dev Sr.advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PL/SQL and Informatica Architect- Bangalore, BNG As PL/SQL and Informatica Architect, you will design for PL/SQL and Informatica projects and also may get involved in writing Technical design documents and mentor team for architecture and Industry standards.. Role Responsibilities Proficient in working on Oracle 11g SQL and PLSQL. Handling Oracle features such as Oracle AQs, Oracle Types, User defined data types,Arrays and collections. Knowledge of Packages, procedures, functions and Triggers. Good at performance tuning of SQLs. Strong knowledge of Informatica tool. Strong knowledge of reporting tools like SSRS, Business Objects, OBIEE, OBIA.. Develops prototypes and/or functional/technical specifications to meet business needs. Codes and tests software in accordance with department, System, and industry accepted standards. Develops test plans and scripts for unit and integration testing. Good debugging and troubleshooting skills. Good at designing data models, should be able to design small schemas and relations table structures. Good communication skills. Requirements Minimum 10-12 years of total IT industry experience. Candidate should have a good at least 4-5 experience as Lead in PL/SQL with Informatica Projects.. Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project timelines in a fast-paced environment Must be organized, have an eye for detail, and be able to represent teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle informatica mca pl sql business objects ssrs performance tuning debugging triggers functions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers, Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Qualification:Graduate with B.Tech/BE/MCA DegreeHaving 10-12 Years of Experience in PL/SQL and Datawarehousing Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details