TITLE: Manager - Outbound Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Responsible for generating new opportunities: key business function is prospecting new accounts and also to manage and execute research activities as required to compile successful campaign target lists. - Responsible for segmenting and identifying qualified outbound leads via various communication channels through in-depth understanding of their use case. - He/she will assist in expanding the company's database of prospects. - He/she will be responsible for re-targeting of outbound leads and launching various client-nurturing campaigns and account management including up-sell and cross sell. - He/she will be responsible for arranging various outbound campaigns for increasing brand awareness and revenue. - Establish annual, quarterly, monthly, or weekly sales and collection plans and prioritize and schedule own activities so these targets are met. - Responsible for responding to RFPs and other queries from outbound leads. - Advising customers on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions. - Understand PromptCloud's technology well enough. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Outbound Sales Account Management Promotions Prospecting Brand Awareness Cross Selling Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required - Should be an MBA with a tech background.- 2 - 4 years of experience in a similar role.- Experience of software sales/ business development.- Should be a Techno functional who can map Technology to Business Processes.- Excellent written skills and ability to communicate well with clients from various geographies.- Should have experience in handling customer queries.- Excellent listening skills.- Ability to understand customer's industry and core business processes, and then identify the problems they are facing.- Ability to understand and describe how solutions and features can address the business issues that customers are facing.- Target focused individual contributor.- This is an independent role with minimal guidance / interference so give us a shout only if you can ideate as well as execute end to end. Company Profile: PromptCloud PromptCloud is looking for a growth strategist to take over responsibilities in developing and executing strategic marketing programs to meet growth objectives, develop market awareness and communicate client results. The strategist works with the Inbound Marketing Manager and sales leadership in supporting sales tools to attract, win and retain clients. Essentially, this profile touches all aspects of marketing and business development, thus evolving into being a successful growth-in-charge for the organization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details