TITLE: QA Engineer & Senior QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This person will be responsible for testing of security/networking software for BotSink solutions. Primary focus would be to test the BotSink hardware appliance including its virtualized form factor appliance. Has to work in close collaboration with developers to ensure quality of the delivered solutions. Qualifications & Skills: - BE/ME (Computer Science) with 3 to 8 years of experience. - Hands on Testing experience (writing, maintaining and executing test cases) for networking/security software. - Excellent Knowledge of QA testing processes, methodologies and tools. - Hands-on knowledge of virtualization technology: VmWare, AWS or KVM. - Strong TCP/IP and Application Protocols (SNMP, HTTP, FTP, DNS, SSH, SMTP) knowledge. - Working exposure to Active Directory - Working exposure to exploit testing tools like Metasploit, Nessus, Burp Suite, Kali Linux, etc - Experience in testing Firewall, VPN, IPS and other security appliances is preferable. - Exposure to SQL Database concepts is preferable. - Experience in Test Automation using Python is preferable. - Good written and verbal communication skills. - The confidence to ask the tough questions necessary to ensure continuous product improvement - A passion for quality and technology. Strong team player with a willingness to proactively interact with the team and achieve results in a dynamic, fast growing environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Networking QA Testing IPS Automation Testing Quality Assurance Engineering Linux VPN Test Cases Network Security Test Case Execution Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Interview - Telephonic Domain - Telecom & Have worked on any telecom projects Mandatory - have worked on any one of the testing tools ( Nessus, Metasploit, Burp Suite, Kali Linux) Company Profile: Suventure Suventure is led by a group of highly experienced technology and business professionals with global experience in IT and related industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details