TITLE: Product Engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Product Engineering team, below are the indicative Job Responsibilities associated with this role: Design, Coding, Testing, Documentation in the areas of Development and Maintenance Ownership of assigned software and non-software deliverables Liaison with Business Analysts and/or internal to ensure that requirements are understood Production of accurate, unambiguous technical design specifications to the required level of detail in the timescales as defined by the PM Preparation and execution of unit test plans Production of efficient and fully documented code. Production of supporting technical and installation documentation for internal and external publication Achievement of agreed productivity targets in order to ensure development projects are delivered within budget, to schedule and to defined quality standards Completion of all necessary software and non-software components in the timescales as defined by the Project Manager Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Quality Standards Product Engineering Project Management Technical Design Schedule Execution Maintenance Project Development Unit Testing C C++ Systems Programming Object Oriented Programming XML Scripting Web Services Tomcat OOPS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Pre-Requisites:Experience and Expertise in C/ C++, Object Oriented Programming and DesignExperience with XML, Scripting, Webservice and servers such as Tomcat,Good knowledge in OOPS concepts and MVC frameworkGood SQL query skillsPreferably with experience in leading or mentoring a development teamExperience with Agile, Syndication Lending are ideal Company Profile: Edgeverve Systems Limited EdgeVerve Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys, develops innovative software products and offers them on-premise or as cloud-hosted business platforms. Our products help businesses develop deeper connections with stakeholders, power continuous innovation and accelerate growth in the digital world. We power our clients' growth in rapidly evolving areas like banking, digital marketing, interactive commerce, distributive trade, credit servicing, customer service and enterprise buying. Today EdgeVerve products and platforms are used by global corporations across industries such as financial services, insurance, retail and CPG, life sciences, manufacturing, and telecom. Our edge suite includes - AssistEdge, CreditFinanceEdge, TradeEdge, and ProcureEdge. The solutions focus on realizing business outcomes for clients by driving revenue growth, cost effectiveness and profitability. AssistEdge is an enterprise class customer service product that delivers an integrated, cross-channel experience and reduces service intensity by enhancing operational productivity. BrandEdge addresses digital marketing needs of global organizations - from building digital assets and launching marketing campaigns to listening, analyzing and acting on customer insights. CreditFinanceEdge is an integrated credit servicing and asset management platform that manages multiple credit types and asset classes - from on-boarding to resolution to closure. InteractEdge is an interactive and open commerce platform that enhances consumer experience for brands and enterprises across all digital touch points. ProcureEdge helps global enterprises realize rapid and sustainable savings in indirect-spend while providing significant business benefits across the Source-to-Pay (S2P) life cycle. TradeEdge helps global companies, in emerging markets, reach billions of new consumers and increase revenues while reducing non-productive inventory. Finacle, our universal banking solution, is the choice of financial institutions across 84 countries and serves over 547 million customers - nearly 16.5 percent of the world's adult banked population. The solution is consistently rated as a leader in the market by top industry analysts and is proven to be the most scalable banking platform globally. An independent assessment of the top 1000 world banks revealed that banks powered by Finacle enjoy 50 percent higher returns on assets, 30 percent higher returns on capital, and 8.1 percent points lesser costs to income than others. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details