TITLE: HFT Quant/c++ Role - Quant Firm - Iit/bits/nit

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location - Mumbai / Bangalore / Delhi / Chicago / Singapore / Hong Kong. (multiple locations) Role : - To develop high frequency systematic / automated strategies in multiple exchanges across the globe. - Strong quantitative skills and academic achievement (Bachelors, Masters or Ph. D in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Computer Science). ONLY from IIT with CGPA above 8.0 is mandatory. - Create and develop high performance, algorithmic trading models using maths and statistics - Analyze the performance of trading, algorithmic models using maths and statistics - Use qualitative insights to enhance existing models - Use trading models on major electronic futures exchanges to trade profitably Experience : - Able to come up with trading ideas and design overall strategies at a high level - Exposure to high performance and parallel computing technologies - Comfortable with analyzing large data sets; competent dealing with ambiguity - Exposure to Statistical and Machine Learning techniques - Good knowledge of C++ programming. - Keen interest in financial markets, self-motivated. - Good communication skills: Comfortable with explaining complicated models to a wide audience. - Team players and have the ability to come up with solutions quickly and think through these solutions with others. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills Machine Learning C++ Programming Financial Markets Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Ph.D - Computers, Maths Â Company Profile: Aquis Search Client of Aquis Search Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details