TITLE: Sales Enablement Leader

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose The Sales Enablement Leader will be a key member of the Global Commercial Center of Excellence, responsible for driving new commercial growth programs, optimizing the Sales Enablement Support teams, and maximizing our return on the existing commercial tools and data across GE Healthcare. He/she will work across regional boundaries, and focus on optimizing overall COE operations across the global team. This person will be highly motivated, with the ability to manage several high-pro. Essential Responsibilities Provide world class support to our Sales Enablement teams across the globe to help drive commercial tool adoption and utilization (Salesforce.com, CPQ, Data & Analytics) Secure deep understanding of local regional sales processes and growth strategies Deliver ongoing tool training and end-user support to regional sales teams Simplify commercial processes utilizing commercial tools, and maximizing the return-on-investment for their commercial teams. Lead the strategy development and roadmap for Commercial Shared Services COE Recruit and building strong Shared Services COE talent, and organize team for optimal success Ensure a seamless transition plan and continued delivery as Shared Services COE is established Manage & coach on-site COE team members, ensuring strong execution and end-client support Establish and adhere to measures of success on selected Shared Services components Partner with global Commercial Tools COE team members, to align on priorities and drive operational excellence Drive strong coordination with IT counterparts, and other related functional teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills Regional Sales Data Analytics Training Strategy Development Shared Services Operational Excellence End User Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.A - Economics PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required RequirementsRequired Qualifications:1. Bachelor's Degree2. Commercial, Finance, Economics or Quality background3. 7+ years successful experience of leading comprehensive, high profile projects and / or quality initiatives within complex and / or matrix organizations4. Solid process and program management orientation, demonstrated project planning and resource management / allocation experience and the proven ability to multi-task effectively and manage multiple priorities at one time5. Creative Problem Solving Strong analytical skills demonstrating ability to identify root causes of problems; generate and evaluate creative alternative solutions; implement problem resolutions quickly and effectively with fact-based decisions.6. Experience managing diverse, cross-functional and global teams7. Demonstrated ability to deliver on GE Growth Values8. Experience in a leading role with direct reports9. Experience interacting with and coordinating multiple functions / stakeholders (e.g. Legal, IT)10. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills11. Ability to influence diverse stakeholders and champion change12. Ability to operate at a senior level and to build credibility with P&L management teams, Corporate GE and GE HC leadershipQuality Specific Goals1. Knowledge and understanding of all Global Privacy and Anti-Competition Policies (including but not limited to GE Healthcare HIPPA Guidelines, NEMA Regulations, etc.) and operates within them to ensure that no company policy or US / Intl Law is broken.2. Knowledge and understanding of all Environmental Health Policies (including but not limited to GE Healthcare EHS Policies, GE Healthcare Fleet Rules, etc.) and operate within them to ensure that no company policy or US / Intl Law is broken3. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type / position4. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines5. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required6. Drive continuous improvement on all related processes, work instructions, and procedures to ensure ongoing standardization and simplification of the Quality Management System.Desired CharacteristicsPreferred Qualifications:1. Strong external focus capable of anticipating changes in the market by evaluating new information against preexisting knowledge2. Open to change and constantly scanning the market for new trends3. Ability to energize, develop, and build rapport at all levels within an organization4. Change Agent experience, CAP Leader trained5. Willingness to travel6. Experience recruiting and leading teams. Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE Healthcare GE Healthcare (NYSE: GE) provides transformational medical technologies and services to meet the demand for increased access, enhanced quality and more affordable healthcare around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details