TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Takes responsibility for the definition, documentation and safe execution of medium scale projects, actively participating in all phases of the project. Single accountable party for planning, executing, monitoring, controlling, and closing a given initiative Identifies, assesses and manages risks to the success of the project. These projects typically have budgets in excess of $0.5MM up to $2 mln and have medium levels of complexity and risk. Effectively estimates costs, timescales and resource requirements for the successful delivery of the project(s) to agreed terms of reference. Ensures that realistic project and quality plans are prepared and maintained and tracks all activities against the plan, providing regular and accurate reports to stakeholders, as appropriate. Monitors costs, timescales and resources used, and takes action where these deviate from agreed tolerances. Ensures that delivered systems are implemented within these criteria. Defining and tracking project milestones while developing, maintaining, and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan. Manages the change control procedure and ensures that project deliverables are completed within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets, and are signed off. Gains agreement for revisions to the project(s) from project sponsors. Provides effective leadership to the project team ensuring that team members are motivated and developing their skills and experience. Takes appropriate action where performance deviates from agreed tolerances. Actively represents the project team, ensuring that effective relationships are built and maintained with the business. Ensuring appropriate stakeholder engagement, change and communication plans and interfaces are developed and executed. Provides effective leadership to the project team ensuring that team members are motivated and developing their skills and experience. Actively represents the project team, ensuring that effective relationships are built and maintained with the business. Ensures that own projects are formally closed and, where appropriate, subsequently reviewed, and that lessons learned are captured and actioned. Produces appropriate documentation to support these processes. Evaluates and makes recommendations/decisions on technical options as appropriate. Advises resource managers (project staff line managers) on the development, training and appraisal issues for project staff. Applying Shell project management methodologies, standards and processe Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills development it services project management analytical information technology documentation business analysis monitoring problem solving operational Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Educated to degree level, likely in an information technology specialty or engineering. Holds a professional qualification. Has achieved proficiency in project management. Has gained experience of achieving results through effective team leadership and through the planning, control and formal review of IT projects, including demonstrable success in managing multiple projects. Has proven leadership skills, and a good knowledge of business analysis. Ability to remove barriers and enable teams to complete their objectives Has a comprehensive knowledge of relevant development life-cycles Knows own organizations policy framework, management structures and reporting procedures, and can see the big picture. Has strong planning, communication and presentation skills, is proficient in project quality management, and familiar with programme management. Focused and versatile team player that is comfortable under pressure Is familiar with a range of analysis, modelling and design methods; has good current knowledge of IT standards (e.g. PDF), applications and trends. Is able to obtain information from business people in face to face situations, and to analyze information on users occupational tasks obtained by a variety of formal and informal means. Excellent interpersonal/communication skills (both oral/written) with ability to communicate at various levels with clarity/precision. Has an analytical and creative approach to problem solving. Has sound understanding of the costs of IT (project and lifetime) and the ability to cost operational IT services. Excellent problem-solving and critical-thinking skills Skilled at identifying benefits which come in the form of cost savings both within IT and in the business, in relation to the operational cost of the IT service. Ability to work virtually in a diverse global organization and with major outsourced suppliers of infrastructure and application services. Broad knowledge of IT and the ability to understand the business, technical, and data architecture landscapes relevant to the busines Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details