TITLE: Director - Media Sales and Business Development

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description We are looking for an Energetic individual with media and ad sales background. You will need to leverage existing relationships, identify customers, reach them, convert them and then most importantly maintain a long term relationship. You should be able to build and drive a team as well for this. Excellent communication skills are a must. For right candidate experience is no bar Preferred location is Bangalore but open to candidates who can work from Delhi NCR or Mumbai. Handsome Sales incentive and ESOP will be provided apart from the salaries mentioned here. Exposure to Media sales is critical. Exposure to startup culture is beneficial. Skills : Business Development, Sales, Sales Strategy and Management, Advertising, Display Media Buying, Media Sales, Display Advertising, Digital Ad Sales Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/ Mgr-Online/Digital Marketing Keyskills Ad Sales Media Sales Business Development Display Advertising Sales Strategy Strategic Management Media Buying Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: MintM We are MintM, India's largest Digital Ad network in the Physical world. We are changing the advertising landscape throughout the world. With offices in Palo Alto, Dubai, We have presence in Bangalore and Mumbai and work with Retailers like Hypercity, Auchan, Health and Glow and brands like LOreal, Reckitt among others. We have been part of T-Labs (Times Of India group) accelerator program and also selected by Tie Silicon valley as one of the Tie50 top startup in May 2015. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details