TITLE: Technical Program Manager-bigdata Analytics

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Responsibilities 1. The Application Services BU needs a Technical Program Manager that can own the Platform delivery function by creating structure, accountability, and schedule visibility for our programs leading to on-time & on-quality execution for all programs. 2. Serve as lead program interface with Customer teams, Product Management and Engineering. Build and manage client relationships at a customer entry and mid management role 3. Is the single point of contact to define the Whats of all product functionality to be delivered by the engineering team 4. Identify program issues as early as possible and drive resolution at the team level. If resolution requires management intervention, escalate to appropriate management personnel with proposed alternatives. 5. Meet regularly with program teams and partners to ensure milestones are defined, understood and being met. Identify dependencies, risks, and drive resolution to roadblocks. 6. Manage a fixed timeline project within a budget that complies to the financial profitability of the business case 7. Understand the technical details of the program to a level that you can effectively understand the deliverables and manage the risks. It is also important to be able to understand the details enough to effectively communicate with the customer and the engineering team 8. Set team goals for timeliness, customer issues, and quality. Lead team to meet goals 9. Establish program priorities and reflect the same in Engineering Product Backlog 10. Insure all Engineering inputs are captured in the financial business case 11. Instill proper project management processes and metrics to track and measure project success. 12. Work on process standardization. Must work with the project leads to implement standardized processes across all the domains 13. Interact with customers to enhance understanding of new features, issues, and timing impacts - support RFQ/RFI activities Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree of Science in a related discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field ) is required. 5+ years of Software Development experience with experience managing distributed global SW development teams. 5+ years experience program managing (or SW Project Leadership) in 10+ years of experience in Statistical modeling, Knowledge discovery, Data Mining, Machine Learning in large scale data Experience with building highly scalable web applications supporting large high-volume mission-critical consumer-facing Internet environments. Experience writing applications in Mongo DB is plus. Experience integrating with 3rd party APIs (ie. Apache, Hbase, google, Hadoop) through server-side applications Strong experience and passion for Agile project management methodologies. Excellent time management & organizational skills with keen attention to detail Effectively works under tight deadlines and manage projects independently Must be able to articulate vision and influence decision making Must have a "whatever-it-takes" attitude using diplomatic leadership skills within a collaborative teamwork environment to accomplish the necessary results Resourcefulness in solving problems and overcoming obstacles Track record of strong troubleshooting and problem resolution skills Strong written and verbal communications skills; ability to work cross functionally and with geographically distributed teams Preferred Qualifications: MBA or MS Experience creating automotive infotainment or telematics services. Experience with Big Data, Device Management (OTA) and location-based services a plus Prior professional exposure to the automotive industry Experience with mobile products or services. Mix of entrepreneurial and mid/large company experience Results oriented Customer service-focused Good change management skills Solid team player Eligibility Requirements Willingness to travel less than 30% of the time Willingness to work in an office in Bangalore, India Willingness to submit to a background screen and a drug test Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Hadoop HBase Project Management Program Management Business Case Agile Analytics Change Management Project Leadership Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Harman International India Pvt.Ltd Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibility Essential Responsibilities 1. The Application Services BU needs a Technical Program Manager that can own the Platform delivery function by creating structure, accountability, and schedule visibility for our programs leading to "on-time" & "on-quality" execution for all programs. 2. Serve as lead program interface with Customer teams, Product Management and Engineering. Build and manage client relationships at a customer entry and mid management role 3. Is the single point of contact to define the "Whats" of all product functionality to be delivered by the engineering team 4. Identify program issues as early as possible and drive resolution at the team level. If resolution requires management intervention, escalate to appropriate management personnel with proposed alternatives. 5. Meet regularly with program teams and partners to ensure milestones are defined, understood and being met. Identify dependencies, risks, and drive resolution to roadblocks. 6. Manage a fixed timeline project within a budget that complies to the financial profitability of the business case 7. Understand the technical details of the program to a level that you can effectively understand the deliverables and manage the risks. It is also important to be able to understand the details enough to effectively communicate with the customer and the engineering team 8. Set team goals for timeliness, customer issues, and quality. Lead team to meet goals 9. Establish program priorities and reflect the same in Engineering Product Backlog 10. Insure all Engineering inputs are captured in the financial business case 11. Instill proper project management processes and metrics to track and measure project success. 12. Work on process standardization. Must work with the project leads to implement standardized processes across all the domains 13. Interact with customers to enhance understanding of new features, issues, and timing impacts - support RFQ/RFI activities Basic Qualifications: * Bachelor's Degree of Science in a related discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field ) is required. * 5+ years of Software Development experience with experience managing distributed global SW development teams. * 5+ years experience program managing (or SW Project Leadership) in 10+ years of experience in Statistical modeling, Knowledge discovery, Data Mining, Machine Learning in large scale data * Experience with building highly scalable web applications supporting large high-volume mission-critical consumer-facing Internet environments. * Experience writing applications in Mongo DB is plus. * Experience integrating with 3rd party APIs (ie. Apache, Hbase, google, Hadoop) through server-side applications * Strong experience and passion for Agile project management methodologies. * Excellent time management & organizational skills with keen attention to detail * Effectively works under tight deadlines and manage projects independently * Must be able to articulate vision and influence decision making * Must have a "whatever-it-takes" attitude using diplomatic leadership skills within a collaborative teamwork environment to accomplish the necessary results * Resourcefulness in solving problems and overcoming obstacles * Track record of strong troubleshooting and problem resolution skills * Strong written and verbal communications skills; ability to work cross functionally and with geographically distributed teams Preferred Qualifications: * MBA or MS * Experience creating automotive infotainment or telematics services. * Experience with Big Data, Device Management (OTA) and location-based services a plus * Prior professional exposure to the automotive industry * Experience with mobile products or services. * Mix of entrepreneurial and mid/large company experience * Results oriented * Customer service-focused * Good change management skills * Solid team player Eligibility Requirements * Willingness to travel less than 30% of the time * Willingness to work in an office in Bangalore, India * Willingness to submit to a background screen and a drug test Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details