TITLE: Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manager - Global Sales, Amazon Seller Services India Are you customer obsessed, flexible, smart and analytical, strategic yet execution focused and passionate about e-commerce? Are you an experienced, entrepreneurial leader with a strong work ethic? If yes, this opportunity will appeal to you. Amazon Seller Services India offers services to sellers to grow multi-channel commerce. See http://services.amazon.in for details of products and services in India. As a Manager Global Sales with Amazon Services, you will have the exciting opportunity to help shape and deliver on a strategy to enable broad use of Amazon Services by small/medium sellers and large enterprises in India and play a key role in influencing product selection on Amazon global websites. The objective of this position is to deliver on-going new business growth to Amazons suite of seller services for businesses of all sizes by recruiting third-party sellers that deliver competitive pricing and broad product selection. Amazon.in is looking for an experienced Sales Leader capable of leading a sales team focused on recruiting Indian Sellers to expand globally. Amazon Global Selling is an important initiative to grow the Amazon Marketplace Seller Business around the world, with the India team focusing on helping Indian sellers list on other Amazon global marketplaces. The ideal candidate brings rich industry experience, strong people leadership, a relentless focus on the customer, and a big vision. Working in a dynamic sales environment, you will be responsible for prospecting, qualifying, negotiating and closing agreements with third-party sellers to sell their products on Amazons global marketplaces. Your success will be measured by the product selection and revenue your clients bring to the platform. Your responsibilities will include building and managing a team of Business Development Managers, Account Managers and Onboarding Managers and helping define the seller strategy for Global Sales including key retailer segments to target, establishing seller relationships, and drive the day-to-day interactions with these companies in order to build long-term business opportunity. The ideal candidate will possess a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and ecommerce challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions to sellers of all sizes. To be successful in this role you will have superior communication, presentation and organizational skills. Operating in a fast-moving and sometimes ambiguous environment you will work autonomously taking full control and responsibility for hitting business objectives. This role provides opportunities to develop original ideas, approaches, and solutions in a competitive and ever changing business climate. Specific responsibilities include the following: Understand Amazon Services products and services and be able to articulate its functions and benefits to external audiences. Help define the seller base and industry verticals we target and influence a sales plan that is in line with our global seller business direction. Build and manage a team of Business Development Managers, Account Managers and Onboarding Managers to drive towards goals. Work across key internal stakeholders both domestic and global, to set priorities and develop account targets that underpin global category strategy and knowledge of the local market. Track and report performance using appropriate metrics. Achieve productivity and seller satisfaction targets Engage with internal and external customers/teams to improve products and business processes. Identify specific prospects/partners to approach, communicate the specific value proposition for their business and use case, and establish long-term, successful partnerships. Conceptualize and implement successful sales, account management processes in close coordination with domestic and global teams Work closely with senior executives at interested sellers to successfully negotiate deals and onboard and launch them on the platform Review and monitor performance and sales of key partners to manage their performance. Personal attributes and competencies: Demonstrated intense customer focus. Demonstrated highest level of integrity, intellectual honesty, and strong work ethic. Sharp, analytical, and thoughtful. Has sound judgment and ability to be right a lot. Thoroughly thinks through problems to come up with solutions. Applies fair and consistent criteria. Gathers the right input/data. Uses intuition. Is decisive. Makes good decisions when analysis of data is not sufficient to reach a conclusion. Proven ability to successfully thrive in an ambiguous environment and changing market conditions. Simplifier but at the same time things big, takes smart risks, is innovative and can think out of the box. Develops original ideas, approaches, and solutions to typical, unusual, or difficult situations or problems. Takes initiative. Doesn't wait to be asked. Plans efficiently while avoiding analysis paralysis. Consistent effort, intense commitment, and willingness to go above and beyond when needed. Strong team player, acts like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards. Location: This position is based out of Bangalore and will require travel. Basic Qualification: Deep understanding of and passion for e-commerce required. Experience in a highly analytical, results-oriented environment with external customer interaction required. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business by the numbers. Must be metrics-driven. Experience in managing a high performing sales team a must Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Demonstrated active listening skills, highly consultative and solutions-oriented. Bachelors degree required, MBA is preferred At least 8 years of experience Preferred qualification: Experience with e-commerce, cross-border sales/retail would be an advantage Previous responsibility for strategic business development, product management or product marketing, revenue targets and quotas is highly desirable. Prior experience influencing C-level executives highly desirable Deep understanding of the retail, export and manufacturing landscape in India with prior interactions with exporters and manufacturers is desirable. Experience selling nascent (embryonic/start-up) products/services into new markets is desirable. Desired Skills and Experience Basic Qualification: Deep understanding of and passion for e-commerce required. Experience in a highly analytical, results-oriented environment with external customer interaction required. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business by the numbers. Must be metrics-driven. Experience in managing a high performing sales team a must Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Demonstrated active listening skills, highly consultative and solutions-oriented. Bachelors degree required, MBA is preferred At least 8 years of experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Retail Sales Product Marketing Business Development Product Management Selling Prospecting Sales Management Account Management Sales Planning Partnerships Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd. Amazon.com strives to be Earth's most customer-centric company where people can find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want - low prices, vast selection, and convenience - Amazon.com continues to grow and evolve as a world-class e-commerce platform. Amazon's evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of innovation that is part of the company's DNA. The world's brightest technology minds come to Amazon.com to research and develop technology that improves the lives of shoppers and sellers around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details