TITLE: SAP SD Opening - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from BCT Consulting !!! SAP SD opening in Bangalore Exp: 4 - 8 Years Location: Bangalore Notice Period: Immediate to 30 days Job Description: Should have exp into ERP Implementation * Business requirement study and analysis * Exp in to interface, Order Management, Billing, Different types of Billing, Intercompany billing. * Exp into processing, Sales document type, Item category, Schedule line category, Pricing. * Configuration of Customer master, material master, condition master, Ouput and Sales Document types. Cross functional Knowledge on FI and MM Modules. Adopt to learn new and work in custom environment. Requirement -SAP SD/OM ADDITIONAL SKILLS: Atleast two End to End implementations Nice to Have - Debugging skills If interested, Kindly send me your updated resume to yuvaraj.babu@bct-consulting.com with the following details: Total Exp: Â Relevant Exp: Current Company (Payroll): Â Current CTC: Expected CTC: Current Location: PAN card No. Â Notice Period: Any offers: NOTE: Kindly refer your friends who are interested in this opening. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAPSD SAP SD Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BCT Consulting BCT Consulting About Us Bahwan CyberTek is a global provider of innovative software products and solutions. Since its inception in 1999, BCT has enabled hundreds of organizations to operate as smart, efficient and future-ready enterprises and helped them function with agility and customer centricity. Throughout our product journey, we have remained at the leading edge of technology and today, are among a few technology companies to have a platform of our own for IBO (Intelligent Business Operations) and developed industry leading capabilities around integration-centric enterprise solutions that have powered several mission-critical initiatives for banks, governments, energy & utilities, telecom and supply chain customers. BCT is one of the first 50 companies worldwide to be assessed at CMMi Level 5 Version 1.3 for its Process and Delivery Excellence. BCT's 2000+ associates have extensive industry knowledge and expertise in leading technologies. BCT has delivered solutions in 20 countries across North America, Middle East, Far East, Africa and Asia. BCT excels in Product Development, Middleware and Integration, Business Process Management, Systems Integration, Business Intelligence, BPO, SAP Consulting Services, Independent Testing, Training, Consulting and Infrastructure Management. Office Locations: INDIA: Chennai, Bangalore and Mumbai Middle East: Dubai, Muscat & Qatar USA: Boston, Virginia, California & Georgia Singapore & Brunei Websites URL: http://www.bahwancybertek.com/ URL: http://www.cuecent.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details