TITLE: Software Dev Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job title: Software Development Engineer Role: Software Developer Are you a highly motivated and adaptable software craftsman? Are you ready for the challenge of developing software for the Storage Area Network diagnostics domain? If yes, read more about the role: We are looking for a candidate that require little to No supervision, driven, enthusiastic, detail oriented, multi-task, learns quickly, can adapt and can work in a very Fast paced Storage and Networking group. We are looking for a candidate that have solid background in software development in Java. Candidate should also be self-motivated, enthusiastic, quick learner, capable of adapting to work in very dynamic environment. Role requirements: Generic requirements: Minimum of 3 years as developer in Core Java, Swings or Windows application development B.E./B.Tech./MCA or Equivalent. Â Specific requirements: Experience and interest in Storage Area Network concepts (iSCSI, Fibre Channel, VLAN, SSH, Telnet, SNMP, etc.). Experience in object-oriented development and multi-threaded applications. Good understanding of one of the OS (Linux/VMWare/Windows) Proficiency in debugging skill Working knowledge in Storage or Network Element Management Expected to prioritize work load and meet multiple project deadlines. Expected to adapt in dynamic and collaborative work environment and make independent decision Knowledge of good programming practices Good understanding of object oriented design concepts Â Primary Responsibilities: This position will be responsible for development/implementation of Storage and Networking based diagnostics tools used for Dells proactive support solution using Java and C# Work with architect to design and enhance Dells Storage Area Network systems management product, Dell Lasso. Take part in design reviews, code reviews and ensure the design are preserved. Work with Product Management and technologists to develop proof of concept prototypes as required. Learn new Operating Systems and Storage Area Network devices concepts by actively reaching out to the subject matter experts in various groups within Dell, and use that knowledge to design and develop the product. Other factors: Attend weekly project team conference calls late in the evening. Experience in Scrum and Extreme Programming or Test Driven Development Practices would be a strong plus. The position is based out of Dells Bangalore office in Bagmane Tech Park, C.V. Raman Nagar. About Dell: Collaboration. Individual drive. Winning with integrity. That's what success sounds like at Dell. Sounds like something you can get behind? Join our team, and you'll work in a dynamic environment with other motivated, talented individuals who care about delighting our customers with our unique solutions, giving back to our community, and live Dells purpose: Delivering technology solutions that enable people everywhere to grow and thrive. Plus, you'll get the mentoring and support you need to succeed on your own terms. Â About the team: Global Support and Deployment Product Group is an entity with Dells Services business unit. We develop Server and Storage Area Network monitoring and troubleshooting products that help our global network of proactive maintenance and support engineers understand the customer environment and resolve problems quickly and effectively. Despite being part of a large multinational organization, our group works more like a small startup company. Our development teams are small, flexible, and employ agile methodologies to quickly provide our customers with the solutions they need. We use Java, C# and C to develop our products and we support both Windows and Linux Operating Systems. Our office culture is casual, fun, and social, with an emphasis on continuous learning and innovation. We have the freedom to try new ideas, experiment, and are expected to be constantly learning and growing. There is also a strong emphasis on mentoring others in the group, enabling them to grow and learn as well. Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java core java networking development windows software development mca server vmware application development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required B.E./B.Tech./MCA or Equivalent. Company Profile: Dell For more than 26 years, Dell has empowered countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether theyre at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details