TITLE: Director-technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Sapient Nitro Sapient NitroSM, part of Publicis. Sapient, is a new breed of agency redefining storytelling for an always-on world. Were changing the way our clients engage todays connected consumers by uniquely creating integrated, immersive stories across brand communications, digital engagement, and omni-channel commerce. We call it Storyscaping, where art and imagination meet the power and scale of systems thinking. SapientNitros unique combination of creative, brand and technology expertise results in one global team collaborating across disciplines, perspectives and continents to create game-changing success for our Global 1000 clients, such as Chrysler, Citi, The Coca-Cola Company, Lufthansa, Target, and Vodafone, in 31 cities across The Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, visit www.sapientnitro.com. JOB PURPOSE The Director, Technology has high-level responsibility for understanding, planning, and leading the delivery of Technology solutions on client projects. This individual should assume the role of the clients trusted advisor on technology-related topics including technology strategy, trends and best practices. For both clients and project teams, we expect the Director, Technology to frame the business value from technology initiatives and articulate this value to meet the clients business goals and objectives. The Director, Technology will bring extensive experience and expertise in architecting and building solutions. This person will provide vision and leadership to teams involved in building and integrating applications/systems. The Director will demonstrate a broad technical knowledge and flexible attitude in order to provide best of breed solutions for Sapients clients using both custom built and commercial packages. The Director will work with other local Technology leadership within their business unit to mentor, coach and guide Associate through Sr. Manager, Technology people. In performing the essential functions of this role, the work environment is fast-paced, moderately noisy and team-based. The Director is expected to work with globally distributed teams. Additionally, frequent overnight travel is expected. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Utilizes OO design principles in creating complex custom software solutions or modifying package solutions. Identifies the limits of the tools being used and recommends. Identifies the design vs. implementation tradeoffs with the tools being used. Translates the impact of design on scalability, performance, etc. into the project. Leads a team of Sapient and client people in business and technical designs of a module. Manages dependencies across other modules Translates the clients business requirements into a component design. Challenges business design and creates alternative business design solutions that take into account available commercial packages Sets standards for the team. Coaches Associates, Sr. Associates, Managers, and Sr. Managers, Technology on the team. Leverages their knowledge of the stages of the One Team Approach. Utilizes the deliverables from other disciplines and OTA phases. Plans and drives: bus design, tech design, development, stabilization, pilot, parallel, production tracks, cut-over, and support Promotes the value of project processes and establishes these processes on a new project. Educates and ensures that team follows processes. Defines and assesses completeness of work Reviews others estimates and points out holes. Assesses how project risks will impact estimates Works with the client and delivery teams and takes on a hands-on approach to identify and suggest approaches to resolve any technical issues as they arise. Proactively suggests tools and best practices to prevent such issues. Mentors other Associates, Sr. Associates, Managers, and Sr. Managers on the team Communicates difficult scenarios to the client. Facilitates workshops and meetings with the client Participates in extending knowledge of their area of specialization within Sapient. Guides a team in using their area of expertise. Reviews implementation models and recommends pros/cons of different approaches. Participates in accumulating and disseminating specialty Best Practices. Attends marketing shows and events and can evaluate vendors and influence Sapients technology investment. Applies vendors application programming model and Sapients position on it Participates in accumulating and disseminating specialty Best Practices. Attends marketing shows and events and can evaluate vendors and influence Sapients technology investment. Applies vendors application programming model and Sapients position on it SKILL REQUIREMENTS Strong leadership and communication skills to effectively manage client accounts and multi-track sapient teams. Each team might consist of 30 - 60 globally distributed people on multiple tracks of work throughout the development life cycle; Proven mentoring and coaching abilities to ensure effective growth plans of technology members of Sapient teams; Ability to understand critical issues and bring appropriate resolution to crossindustry, complex issues; Ability to drive complex estimates that take one or more projects into account and to effectively communicate risks and dependencies to clients. Experience in: Integration and development, Package implementation, Architecture. Knowledge of multiple technologies including (but not limited to): Core Java, J2EE, .NET technologies, XML, JavaScript, Visual Basic, PL/SQL, Oracle Developer 2000 tools, C/C++, Perl, TCL, RDBMS. Business Knowledge: Ecommerce domain experience would be a plus Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure EXPERIENCE Minimum 12 - 14 years of experience in enterprise architecture, systems integration, package implementation, and/or interactive design, and Architecture experience; EDUCATION Bachelors degree required. Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred. Certification within their area of specialization is required. Introduction to Sapient Nitro SapientNitroSM, part of Sapient, is an integrated marketing and technology services firm. We create and engineer highly relevant experiences that accelerate business growth and fuel brand advocacy for our clients. By combining multi-channel marketing, multi-channel commerce, and the technology that binds them, we influence customer behavior across the spectrum of content, communication and commerce channels, resulting in deeper, more meaningful relationships between customers and brands. For more information, visit www.sapientnitro.com or follow us on Twitter @sapientnitro Follow us on: Twitter: @SapientIndia Facebook: facebook.com/SapientIndia Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 25,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills C Core Java Oracle SQL C++ Visual Basic PL RDBMS Javascript XML .Net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Sapient See job description. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details