TITLE: Software Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose This is a unique opportunity, within a growing organization, developing products that prepare healthcare organizations for the demands of the 21st century. The person holding this position will be responsible to serve as an Architect for the Wall of Analytics program. An Architects main responsibility is to lead, consult and oversee multiple architectural engagements. You will have to work on highly complex projects that require in-depth domain knowledge and provide technical solutions. Essential Responsibilities 12+ years of experience in Java/J2EE. Strong foundation in OO Design & Enterprise Architecture and Design Patterns. Experience in designing & building reusable Utilities, Services and Frameworks Experience in working with Agile SCRUM development programs including ability to work productively and efficiently with global and distributed teams. Strong analytical and problem solving skills including ability to make decisions with incomplete data/uncertain environment. Good communication and presentation skills with ability to clearly articulate decisions, design direction, technology choices etc. Quick learning skills and adaptability to new concepts and technologies. Experience in Delivering End to End Solutions in the Enterprise Space (Healthcare preferred). Strong knowledge in Core Java and Multi-Threading concepts. Deep expertise in one of front-end technologies (HTML5, JS,Angular), middleware (messaging, ESB etc.) or back-end technologies (RESTful web services, databases) and a broad working knowledge across the stack. Work closely with Chief Architect within the WoA program to implement the HIS integration and Wall implementation as per architectural guidelines established. Work closely with the scrum team to implement design tenets and translate functional and non- functional requirements into artifacts Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Core Java J2Ee Design Patterns Web Services ESB Javascript Multithreading Web Technologies Scrum Agile Software Architect Architect CSS3 HTML5 Angular JS RequireJS Bootstrap Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electrical, M.Sc - Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience10-15 years of experience leading enterprise architectureSignificant hands on experience designing and developing using the technology stack primarily Java, Hibernate/JPA, SpringProficient in DB/SQL. Understands DB concerns when designing solutions. Knowledge of JS, angular.Previous technical leadership of team(s) required.Good communication skills. Ability to understand and communicate complex solutions to teamHospital Information Systems integration experience desiredTech stack includes:Core Java,J2EE,SpringSpring MVC, Hibernate, Web-services,JSON, XML,JavaScript, CSS3,HTML5, Angular JS, RequireJS , Bootstrap , AJAX, JQuery,RDBMS like Oracle/MS SQL,Maven, Junit, SOA , OSGi, DB , CloudDesired Characteristics Significant experience working in an Agile,Extreme Programming (XP) or Scrum environmentSelf-motivated leader and team playerExperience in architecture and design of cloud native applications including micro-services based architecture.Rabbit MQ, Play framework,Maven, Jenkins,Git/SVN/Perforce Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE Healthcare GE Healthcare (NYSE: GE) provides transformational medical technologies and services to meet the demand for increased access, enhanced quality and more affordable healthcare around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details