TITLE: Urgent Opportunity - Commercial Leasing Salarpuria Sattva

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Job Profile Commercial Leasing To execute the Marketing & Leasing strategies To negotiate leases for properties in an assigned region. Identifying & participating in attracting potential tenants. Participates in marketing campaigns by working with the marketing department to develop and implement effective promotions for leased properties Directs the negotiation process with tenants for relocation and expansion projects. Coordinates activities with the tenant coordination, construction and legal departments. Prepare & Execution of Lease Agreements. Business Development & Marketing of Commercial Real Estate projects. Preparing Marketing research reports, RFQ, RFP, MIS and activity reports. Knowledge of Sales/ Leasing related paper work. Liaise with the rest of the team on a day to day basis to obtain new sales leads. candidates may forward your updated profile & photo to Hr@sattvagroup.in & Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Commercial Marketing commercial sales commercial executive marketing commercial business development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Greenage Griha Nirmaan Pvt Ltd. Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details