TITLE: IT - Infrastructure Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Infrastructure Project Manager is accountable for planning and delivering small and medium IT Infrastructure projects with low to moderate complexity, to the timescales and budget agreed with the customer, using Shell project management standards and processes. You will be delivering projects that typically include end user computing, hosting & storage and telecoms components, and working with our infrastructure service providers (HP, T-Systems & AT&T). This will utilise your skills within Project Management, Benefits Management and Change Implementation Planning and Management. On a daily basis you collaborate with a range of stakeholders including Shell business managers, service providers and onshore & offshore suppliers. Your team as well as your scope is Global and remote in nature. Accountabilities: Defining, documenting and safely executing infrastructure projects, actively driving all phases of the project as defined in the Shell Project Delivery Framework and delivering to agreed timescale and budget. Engaging stakeholders to ensure that expectations are managed and that the aims of the programme or project continue to be aligned with business needs and strategies as they evolve. Preparing and maintaining project quality and risk plans and tracking progress against the plans, providing regular progress reports to the Customer and steering groups as appropriate. Estimating project costs, timescales and resource requirements in relation to agreed terms of reference. Subsequently monitoring costs, timescales and resources used and taking action where these deviate from plan. Managing a change control process in relation to the project/programme, gain agreement for revisions to the scope from project sponsors, and ensure projects continue to meet business objectives. Evaluating and making recommendations/decisions on technical options as appropriate. Comply with Information Risk Management requirements specified in Shells Project Delivery Framework, including obtaining the appropriate IRM functional sign off. Work with IRM staff to ensure new technology and services deliverables are secure by design. Providing effective leadership to assigned project staff ensuring compliance with project standards, processes, and controls. Dimensions: Budget: Direct budget accountability for planning, controlling and executing small/medium scale projects/programmes potentially with budget of over 300k USD. Number of direct and indirect reports: Number of project resources depends on project assignment. Special Challenges: Working in a global organization and with major outsourced suppliers of infrastructure project delivery (ATT, HP and T-Systems) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills service it services project management monitoring risk management offshore pm end user ideas documents Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum 8 years experience in the IT industry out of which 4 years in Project management & Business change management. Masters degree preferable or minimum a Bachelors in any engineering discipline.You have a successful delivery track record of small/medium sized infrastructure projects, managed through to completion (full lifecycle experience). We expect you to have managed project budgets of at least 300k usd.Through effective team leadership, planning, controlling and formally reviewing IT projects, you will have achieved results, including managing multiple projects through to delivery.You should hold or are working towards a relevant PM qualification, ie PMI, IPMA, Prince2You should be familiar with a range of analysis, modelling and design methods and have good current knowledge of IT standards, methodologies, applications and trends.You should have a sound understanding of the costs of IT (project and lifetime) and the ability to cost operational IT services.You should be able to document and provide roadmaps/design documents as requiredYou should be able to present ideas clearly to a wide range of audiencesYou should have an understanding of the interdependencies of business processes and information systemsYou should be able to collaborate well in a (Global/remote) team environment, sensitive to clients needs Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details