TITLE: Sr. Manager Packaging

SKILLS: Packaging

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hiring for leading E Commerce Company Designation - Sr Manager Location - Bangalore Profile - Knowledge of Packaging materials Design / Development for Secondary and Tertiary Packaging. Exposure on Packaging solutions related to in-transit safety and Pilferage Protective packaging. Coordination with Business finance team for monthly packaging budget and reconciliation. Should have well versed with Purchase Request / Purchase Orders process in any ERP system. Should have knowledge of Invoice handling & verification and supplier payment procedure. New Process set-up exposure for Supply chain management (including small supplies ) with Quality,cost and on-time delivery model. Interested candidates from E commerce/logistics can share profiles at pallavi.singh@iris-corp.com Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Packaging Role:Packaging Development Executive/Manager Keyskills Logistics Supply Chain Management Purchase Design Development Procurement Packaging development Packaging material Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Iris Corporate Solutions Pvt. Ltd. E commerce company IRIS Corporate Solutions Private Limited (IRIS-Corp) partners with you in all your HR operations by providing a platform which takes care of your non-core functions and gives you the time and opportunity to focus on your core business activities. We provide specialized integrated and full life cycle of Human Resources Outsourcing Solutions and Services to our clients and ensure the delivery of profitable propositions for their human capital needs. Our experts have vast experience in problem-solving and IRIS-Corp is all about meeting challenging business goals and objectives. We offer our clients a wealth of talent and a wide range of support quality services. IRIS-Corp possesses strong integration capabilities which are programmed to deliver what is best for your company. We believe in taking measured strides and strategic initiatives. IRIS-Corp sets new benchmarks in productivity, success and quality. Our value-added expertise is programmed to provide unparalleled performance in integrated HR Outsourcing solutions and shared services. We have the capacity to shape a vision. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details