TITLE: Business Systems Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Business analysis Advisor Role overview As a Business Analyst the candidate will provide cost effective business systems and applications analysis in support of the development and implementation of business applications. Includes evaluation, analysis, documentation of requirements, translation into proper system requirement specifications and configuration. Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives based on both end-user needs and a thorough understanding of business systems, applications and industry requirements. Operates as a liaison between technical personnel and the appropriate end-user department. Evaluates and translates end user needs and problems to technical associates and/or vendors where appropriate. Understands the business implications of technical solutions, and assists in defining and documenting the technology solutions to support any future business needs. Role Responsibilities Conducts business process analyses, needs assessments in an effort to align information technology solutions with business initiatives Works with business users and Solicits, develops, documents and manages requirements and provides detailed design and business rules to support the requirements throughout project life cycle up to and through change control Considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment Reviews system test plans and system tests modules before implementation Creates, reviews and delivers end-user documentation (user guide, process flow charts, and training materials) and training for accuracy Works with the user to select or create appropriate scenarios to test all results to determine whether system changes met project specifications; uses scenarios to assist the end user in acceptance testing Ensures that documentation is updated when change requests are approved for the project. Provides input on processes, procedures, or new approaches Expected to work both in independent capacity and as a team player in a complex environment with multiple teams of Business analysts and technical teams Review and provide feedback on the deliverables of peers/less experienced BAs Participate or lead in customer presentations. Requirements 6-9 years of professional experience related to business process, screen navigations, systems design. Experience in banking and finance domain. Deep knowledge of system development methodology, project management, system architecture and analytical/problem solving skills. Deep experience working use cases, screen flows, data model reviews to meet the requirements. Deep experience in conceptualizing and documenting requirements Knowledge of configuration management processes using version control software such as TFS, Subversion, etc. as well as issue tracking systems such as TFS, Jira, ClearCase, etc. Excellent problem solving skills, including identifying and addressing any work arounds for the business processes, system defects, etc. Experience in creating & providing client presentations Strong working knowledge of SDLC processes. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including conducting presentations to teams and to customers. Understanding of cost estimation for solutions Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Why work with us Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills project management dell documentation business analysis business process analytical information technology dedicated process flow computer science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE in CS or E&C M.Sc., Computer Science M.C.A from a reputed college Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details