TITLE: UBDV - SAP Project Manager - Technical

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Project Manager is expected to plan, control and execute a set of related projects to meet identified business needs and deliver business value, acquiring and utilising the necessary resources and skills within agreed parameters of cost, timescale and quality. Project Management Takes responsibility for the definition, documentation and satisfactory completion of large-scale projects ($5-10m USD). Identifies, assesses and manages risk to the success of the project. Ensures that realistic project and quality plans are prepared and maintained, providing regular and accurate reports to stakeholders including senior business representatives. Manages the change control procedure and ensures that project deliverables are within planned cost, timescale and agreed budgets. Provides effective leadership to the project team and intervenes effectively when performance is below expectations. Benefits Management The Project Manager identifies mechanisms that enable benefit delivery with clear and effective measurement with clear reporting outputted to stakeholders. Monitors business outcomes against what was predicted in the business case and ensure operational management and staff are involved throughout the change programme and are fully prepared to exploit the new operational business environment when established. Change Implementation Works with business teams to create appropriate business readiness plans, taking into consideration IT deployment, data migration requirements and other training and engagement activities required to integrate new processes or jobs into the business as usual environment. Determines the readiness level of business users with regard to upcoming changes; uncovers readiness gaps and creates the implementation action plans to close identified gaps prior to implementation. Maintains oversight on progress against business readiness targets, engagement activities, training design and key operational metrics that effectively measure productivity. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills development abap documentation data migration risk management it services metrics problem solving methods benefits Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Educated to a degree level. Professional Project Management certification preferred.10-20 years work experience, 5-15 years of experience in SAP project management within the Technical modules Basis/ ABAP.Has delivered SAP technical projects in the past 5-10 years in the ECC and BW spaceHas a solid basis background, but also worked on Business projectsIs innovative, and has a clear view on the latest SAP technology.Has achieved proficiency in project management. Has gained experience of achieving results through effective team leadership and thorough planning, control and formal review of projects.Broadly skilled in information and communications technology. Has comprehensive knowledge of relevant development life cycles and the environment in which they operate.Has strong planning, communication and presentation skills, is proficient in both project quality management and awareness of programme management.Is familiar with a range of analysis, modelling and design methods; has good knowledge of current IT standards, applications and trends. Has an analytical and creative approach to problem solving.Has sound understanding of the costs of IT (project and "lifetime") and the ability to cost operational IT services. Skilled at identifying the benefits which come in the form of cost savings both within IT and in the business, in the relation to cost of IT services.Has a sound understanding of risk management. Understands the interdependency of business processes and information systems with particular experience in business planning activities. Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell began operations in India more than 80 years ago. At Shell India, we invest in our people through our industry-leading development programmes, which see our employees, thrive and gain access to experts on a local and global level. To date, we have invested more than US$ 1 billion already in Indias energy sector alone, in socially and environmentally responsible ways. Shell is the only global major to have a fuel retail license in India. Shell aims to establish a new IT hub in Bangalore, and scale it up over a five year period. Purpose of the IT Function is to enable the Business by focusing on business outcomes, delivering fit for business technology solutions which enable business agility and profitable growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details