TITLE: ARM Architecture/bsp Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Function - Development, testing and optimization of initialization routines for CPU - Development of tests to validate complex system behavior in controlled environment. - Debug, root-cause analysis and fixing of issues in complex multi-processor systems. - Determine and maintain most optimal configuration of various control/ configuration registers for various HW components in the system focusing ARM CPU. - Performance analysis of various use-cases in a complex multi-core systems. - Porting of various system software stacks (for example LA) on pre-silicon platforms to ensure that they function correctly with CPU and associated IPs. - Develop prototype software for HW-SW architecture enhancements as a proof of concept. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Performance Analysis Embedded ARM Architecture BSP Developer testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications- 3+ yrs of experience in Embedded Domain- Must be Proficient in C and ARM assembly.- Masters or B.Tech in CS or EC.- Basic knowledge of cross platform tool chains and running bare metal programs on target platforms- Basic knowledge of CPU architecture that includes- Typical boot sequence. Knowledge of multi-processor initialization/ boot sequence would be an added advantage- Memory organization, barriers, MMU- Exposure to development, enhancement of bootloaders like uboot, uefi etc- Exposure to compile, run and tweak Linux kernel for ARM platforms- Awareness of the Linux kernel and device driver programming.- Exposure to debugging issues in multi-processor SW especially those related to concurrency/ incorrect synchronization- Debugging experience using hardware tools like Trace32 and Logic Analyzers, Oscilloscope etc is a Plus. Company Profile: Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Leading Client of Mirafra Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details