TITLE: Assistant Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Day to day activities: Execution of Daily Revenue / Flash Report summary Monitoring & executing the Daily P&L report and related issues Daily expenses monitoring and highlighting the variances to management with budgets / forecasts. Corporate Office / Owners / Management Reports: To support in month end P&L report submission to Corporate Office Assisting in monthly forecast submission to corporate office Assisting in submission of monthly reports to Area General Manager Providing analysis for monthly Departmental P&L for HODs & Owners Tracking monthly Capital Replacement Reserve additions & utilizations Other monthly misc. reports as required by various departments Active participation in annual budget preparation and related reports etc. Taxes Related: Online uploading of client & vendor wise VAT sales & purchases details on monthly basis Maintaining the statutory returns filing records (i.e. e TDS, Service Tax, Vat, Luxury Tax & Professional Tax etc.) Audit Related: Supporting in Finalization of Statutory, Internal & other Audits conducted in the hotel Intercompany & Intra company reconciliations Analysis of Inventory physical stocks verification & amortization workings General: Monitoring credit card collections and keeping a track of FIRC list on a regular basis and follow up for certificates Assisting in Fixed Assets register updation Internal controls compliance for GL items like Balance Sheet reconciliation etc. Monitoring Monthly physical inventory verification and reconciliation To support and guide the team in execution of various analytical reports Any other works delegated by Finance Manager / AGM Finance as and when required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Finance General Management Budget Preparation Management Reporting Fixed Assets Office Assistance Balance Sheet Monthly Reports Professional Tax Financial Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:ICWA(CMA), M.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required QualificationsM com / ICWA Alteast 5 years of experience in hotel industryStrong Knowledge on MIS Reports Company Profile: IHG IT Services (India) Pvt. Ltd A global company with 9 hotel brands. With over 4,700 hotels and nearly 674,000 rooms in almost 100 countries around the world, we know hospitality. Our vision is to become one of the great companies in the world by creating Great Hotels Guests Love. We will deliver this through our portfolio of preferred brands, our talented people and best-in-class delivery systems. At the heart of our culture is a commitment to act responsibly in everything we do. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details