TITLE: Partnership Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: Establish productive, professional relationships with key personnel in assigned partners. Proactively assesses, clarifies and validates partner and business needs on an ongoing basis. Ensure partner compliance with partner agreement. Proactively leads a joint partner planning process that develops mutual performance objectives and critical milestones associated with a productive partner relationship. Drives adoption of company programs among assigned partners. Market intelligence including competitor analysis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Business Partner Keyskills Partnership Management partner relationship competitor analysis Market intelligence Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Job requirements: MBA or equivalent Individual must have good command over his/her communication skills. Must have 3-5 years of industry related experience. Must be highly motivated and should have leadership qualities and people skills. Should have good negotiation skills. Company Profile: Samsung India Software Operations Pvt Ltd. Samsung India Software Operations Pvt Ltd. http://www.samsungindiasoft.com Samsung R&D Institute India - Bangalore (SRI-B) Samsung R&D Institute India - Bangalore is one of Samsung"s Research & Development centers among other global R&D hubs. We develop software for Samsung's technology solutions across different products and our engineers are involved in many of Samsung"s strategic and important projects. SRI-B is the largest R&D centre outside Korea for Samsung Electronics and we take pride in our ability to work on some of the cutting edge technologies that our parent organization ventures into. Our 3000+ engineers get to work across diverse domains, projects, products, clients, people and countries, and also conduct research in new and emerging areas of technology. Innovation and creativity are highly valued at SRI-B as we strive towards providing high reliability; high performance and value added services that enable Samsung Electronics deliver world class products. Samsung places great emphasis on the creation and protection of Intellectual Property. In 2010 Samsung was awarded 4,551 patents by the US Trademark and Patent Office and ranked second on the world"s most inventive companies list. At SRI-B we started filing patents in 2003 and till date we have filed more than 600 patent applications with the Indian Patent Office. As of today SRI-B has more than 100 granted patents in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details