TITLE: Sr Product Designer - Graphic/ui

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Personal Profile You will be a highly creative Graphic Designer with an obvious passion for your work, and an exciting portfolio of original work from a variety of media with a bias towards digital. Your work will show communication of ideas through unique and inspired design. Your broad range of influences and ability to think laterally will show a different perspective and new and exciting ways to tackle a brief. You will be passionate about good graphic design and innovation. Responsibilities: - Design, creation and implementation of high quality pixel accurate 2D graphics. - To work with product management to create and develop mock-ups to establish user interface direction and innovation. - To propose design styles that are informed by current trends in graphical design, but are not restricted to them. - Actively contribute to product Brainstorming, User research, Interaction design and Visual design sessions. - Support UX Design for products, which caters to User Goals by proposing new Interactions and User Flows. - Propose Low-fidelity and High-fidelity wireframes based on Project Requirements. - Collaboration with wider project team to develop and sustain visual consistency across branded product ranges. - Working closely with UI programmers to ensure correct functionality and visual fidelity. - To work as part of an international research and development team. - Support product management in working out detailed specification. - To produce and maintain accurate supporting documentation and be familiar with the appropriate software development tools, keeping up to date with technology advances in areas related to the market and the software arena. - To use innovative techniques to give products the edge over their competitors. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills Product Design Graphic Designing UI implementation Illustrator Wireframe Photoshop Brainstorming User research Interaction design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required Education and Experience:- Bachelor"s degree in Graphic Design, User Interface Design or similar.- Demonstrate a portfolio showing strong artistic and graphic design layout skills and a high level of originality and creativity.- Minimum Experience required 2-4 Yrs for Engineer, SW and 5+ yrs for Sr Engineer SWRequired Skills:- Excellent understanding of visual communication techniques and typography.- Awareness of current trends in GUI, web and general media graphics design style, but able to work in other styles.- Knowledge of Industrial design considerations such as high-contrast/outdoor visible, functional groupings and priorities, and understanding of concept of "consistency" within a GUI design.- To maintain focused attention on the smallest detail as well as the big picture.- Strong knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator.- Ability to work to individual and team deadlines.- Must be fluent in both written and spoken English.- Ability to effectively communicate within a large group/multiple project environment.- Knowledge of professional audio equipment and its application is an advantage. Company Profile: Talpro Leading client of Talpro Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details