TITLE: Mid Level Role - Risk Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Risk Analytics-Mid Level Hiring - Targeting professionals who have gained experience through exposure in Challenging Role & having exceptional combinations of anlytics skills/tools are eligible to apply. - Professionals who can be a value add to a System practicing advanced analytic in industry. The Role : - Develop/Maintain/Update innovative analytic tools and methodologies for credit scoring applications, optimizing marketing campaigns, testing for fraud and id verification's etc. - Liaise with underwriters to identify/understand potential areas of improvement in credit scoring and assessing applications. - Carry out ad hoc analysis on data and provide effective business insight from the findings of the analysis. - Propose innovative solutions to problems faced by the business which relate directly to the team. - Take data through the full cycle from processing, modelling and providing business insight to product design and implementation. - Working to ensure that the Loan Data Warehouse holds a complete set of loan and transactional data, which will enable the accurate reporting of the Company's loan portfolio - Provide weekly and monthly management information reporting packs for Executive Management and the Board relating to credit risk performance, roll rates and impairment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Risk Analytics Analytics Risk Modeling Python Machine Learning R Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Computers, Maths, Statistics, M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Your Skills & Experience :- Ideally a Bachelor's degree in quantitative related field required and/or a Master Degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science or related field.- Experience in R or Python or Machine Learning is must- Demonstrated proficiency in predictive modeling.- Proven problem-solving skills and analytical approach to problems.- Ideally 3+ years' experience in risk analysis and reporting gained at a leading Financial consulting firm or a bank or any financial institution.- Significant experience gained in a unsecured lending credit risk department is plus- Knowledge of developing impairment models- Credit risk modelling and/or scorecard development would be desirable . Company Profile: Inlustris Consultants - This position sits in the Credit Risk function of this growing lending company. You'll be supporting the Credit Risk Manager in a wide range of activities including arrears / impairment modeling, scoring and Modeling etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details