TITLE: Senior Manager Project Coordination (1013 yrs)

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Responsibilities Overseeing the Project Coordination team. Manage business processes, workflows, delivery steps, guidelines, clients / style guides, resource management, and continually monitor delivery progress | status. Evaluate current processes by performing gap analysis, implement corrective actions and monitor the effectiveness of the solutions on an on-going basis Build strong relationships with internal and external clients and effectively relate the process improvement initiatives to the business strategic objectives. Monitor | Identify | develop key metrics that provide data on quality and process performance and help identify process improvement opportunities Take lead responsibility for significant quality issues. Be - hands on-, develop a plan to resolve issues, communicate the plan and progress on the plan. Ensure employees performance reviews are conducted and appropriate performance standards are met with ongoing and timely feedback Works with the managers to identify departmental training and personnel needs, and supervise the updating of training materials Other duties as assigned. EXPERIENCE AND COMPETENCIES Candidates from Media, Entertainment, BPO, ITES are preferred. Candidates from IT companies need not apply. An innovative individual with ten to twelve years of experience in all areas of project management, business process improvement, quality, working in shifts. Confident manner and comfortable interacting with all levels of management, both domestic and international Ensure continuous and effective collaboration with the Operations teams to achieve company wide as well as department specific objectives consistent with the mission and vision of the organization. Individual should have strong leadership, analytical, problem solving, people management and influencing skills with a solid understanding of business processes and quality processes. PMP certification would be an added bonus. Exposure to International Client Management. Should have handled a team size of minimum 20 members. Excellent English written and verbal communication skills Expert user knowledge of the Microsoft Office products MS Word, MS PowerPoint, and MS Excel The Senior Manager also needs to be prepared to work long and odd hours. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Project Management PMP ITES BPO Operations People Management Resource Management Client Management Business Process Improvement Project Coordination Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: DigiCaptions India Pvt Ltd. Digicaptions India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deluxe Media (Deluxe). Deluxe is a leading supplier of DVD, Blu-ray, BD Live, and digital distribution post production services, including subtitling and localization, video compression, encoding, authoring, menu design, bonus content production, audio, and network services. We provide theatrical dubbing services, as well as point-of-purchase creative displays. Deluxe is a global company with presence in 6 countries. Our clients include the major Hollywood studios as well as a growing number of on-line retailers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details