TITLE: Enterprise Architect - SAP - IT

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : The Enterprise Architect (SAP) will be an integral part of the SAP practice and play critical roles across several different areas. Presales Solution Architect : - Taking end-to-end responsibility for various SAP opportunities, through initiation, development and successful closure. - Collaborating and coordinating with Technical, Solution, Sales, Pricing, and Operations teams to interpret client RFP requirements, and craft solutions that satisfy those requirements. - Writing responses to RFPs / high-quality, winning proposals that clearly articulate the designed solution, value proposition to the customer and differentiators. - Solution Defence by following the internal pre-sales process and taking the designed solution through different reviews. - Presenting designed solutions and proposals to the customer in a convincing and effective manner. - Contribute to designing, architecting and estimating high-quality, winning solutions for ongoing opportunities, with an emphasis on technical, functional and overall excellence. Delivery : - Participating in execution of several initiatives aimed at assessing and transforming customers- SAP landscapes. Capability Building : - Contribute to development and enhancement of SAP-related offerings. - Actively participate in internal capability building activities including knowledge dissemination, training, asset creation etc. Primary Skills (Must have) : - Minimum 13+ years of Hands-on Cross functional experience on SAP projects (preferably implementation projects) - Thorough understanding of the SAP product architecture - Good understanding of the entire SAP product portfolio - Should have in-depth knowledge of at least 2 SAP modules / products, including hands-on implementation experience as Stream / Module lead for the same. Should have the breadth of understanding of the complete SAP ERP suite. - Good understanding of the overall SAP product strategy and roadmap. - Strong understanding of business functions and processes and an uncompromisable ability to translate technology into business terms. - Ability to analyze requirements and build intuitive solutions - Excellent time-management, multi-tasking, and communication skills. Capable of juggling multiple projects and related complexities at the same time. - Must possess excellent interpersonal communication, management, negotiation, presentation and client relations skills. - Excellent communication skills - both verbal and written. - Should have experience with international projects executed in global delivery model Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills Solution Sales Presales Client Relationship Capability Building Communication Skills Product Portfolio Product Strategy Interpersonal Communication Enterprise Architect Primary Skills HANA Cloud Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Desirable :- Good understanding of the latest technologies related to SAP, especially in the area of HANA, Cloud and UI/UX. Company Profile: Mindgensolutions Leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details