TITLE: Front End/ui Designer - Html/css/javascript

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This resource is the primary UI/Designer position and is an integral part of the PDEA Tracking Upgrade project. Complete Description : This resource is the primary UI/Designer position and is an integral part of the PDEA Tracking Upgrade project that is still underway. In current capacity, this position is responsible for designing and assisting with creating wireframes/storyboards, UI elements, and interfaces for NCDOT Web Services- PDEA client. This position ensures the completed PDEA system and mobile applications are user friendly, have a consistent look and feel, comparable with other NCDOT IT Web Services systems/applications; and are functional on a variety of devices. By utilizing this position's abilities and working with the PDEA .NET developer, this position will assist with providing maintenance, support and troubleshooting to ensure the success of the PDEA Tracking Upgrade project (ITP.00242). Prefer local candidate. Responsibilities : - Build pages and adding content and inter-activity in our web sites, all while following established branding guidelines. - Add inter-activity and client side functionality using JavaScript and CSS all while keeping page load and mobile responsiveness in mind at all times. - Maintain site branding and design standards across all pages and applications. - Adapt existing master page layouts - Clearly communicating status reports, in verbal and written form - Collaborate as a dedicated team member and demonstrating the ability to clearly communicate with other team members. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills CSS HTML5 JavaScript JQuery Front End UI Wireframe Photoshop Illustrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required Skills:- CSS, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery- Wireframe creation experience using Balsamiq Mockups or similar tool- Experience working in a content management system- Photoshop, Illustrator- A text editor, like Visual Studio, Notepad++, VIM- Experience in working in a collaborative environment of designers and developers- Minimum of 5 years of design and front-end development experience- Ability to build pages from browsers you love (Chrome, Firefox, Mobile Safari) and browsers you do not love (Internet Explorer 7-11)- Experience in designing for mobile first- Knowledge of user experience and analysis; you can gather the user's tasks from a set of requirements and ask questions and do research- Ability to generate wire-frames and story boards- Ability to effectively organize and present large amounts of content to end users- Ability to create designs that work well in mobile, using techniques like responsive web design. Company Profile: Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd leading client of Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details