TITLE: Product Marketing Specialist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Responsible for defining the product positioning, messaging, drive planning and GTM efforts for Applozic platform, you are the key voice, expert for our customers and work closely with product, tech teams to translate the efforts into right communication channels for sales, marketing, customer service etc. Key Responsibilities - Clear messaging and position of our product with detailed insights into customer segments, market and competition. - Create and Deliver content, collaterlal for website, marketing campaigns, work closely with sales, customer success around case studies etc. - Development, ownership and execution of detailed marketing plans for launching all of our products and releases in all markets - Recommendations for product development based on customer feedback -Own product release marketing metrics and success framework You will have: - Proven ability to market product value that drives inbound success - Demonstrated product, business and technical understanding. - Problem-solving skills in a fast-paced environments - 2-3 years experience in software product marketing - Capacity to work independently Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills Sales Product Marketing Product Positioning Marketing Campaigns Customer Service Voice Product Development Product Marketing Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Applozic AppLozic is a "Plug & Play Messaging Toolkit" which adds messaging feature into their product without developing and maintaining any infrastructure. Full stack cloud based messaging platform with mobile native SDKs for integration. Improve user engagement with in-app message box. Save development, infrastructure and maintenance cost. No setup time, requires just a few lines of code and importing SDKs. Gather analytics as all data is within reach and users don't need to switch to whatsapp/hangout/skype for communication purposes. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details