TITLE: Technical Manager - Abap/ EP/ Workflow/ PI/ PO - IT

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Manager - ABAP, EP, Workflow, PI/PO We have an opportunity for a Technical Manager for one of our MNC client. Job Description : - Hands on implementation experience in any SAP technical area (ABAP, EP, Workflow, PI/PO, etc.) with minimum 4 End to End implementations & overall 12-15 years of experience in the Technical space. - Hands on implementation experience / awareness and exposure to new dimension technical areas is highly preferred. - Knowledge and understanding of relevant technical concepts including the SAP extension concept, the SAP integration concept, etc. - Good knowledge of solution design & estimation related to SAP Financials. - Experience designing global process blueprints for global procurement system implementations. - Good working knowledge of ASAP & Agile methodology. - Manage small teams of Consultants on multiple projects simultaneously and mentor/coach the teams on implementation best practices. - Experience working in a distributed delivery model. - Excellent presentation and communication skills and a very good ability to interact with and command the respect of customers. - Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills. - Proven team player adapting himself to different working styles, depending on the situation. Desirable : - Certification in any application within the area of SAP Technical is an added advantage. - International experience, including, specifically, exposure to working with European customers. - Experience of related Non-SAP solutions or best-of-breed/niche solutions will be an advantage - Understanding of the SAP Roadmap in the Technical space, including a high-level overview of the newer products in this area (e.g. SimpleFinance etc.) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills EP SAP Abap PI Workflow Technical Management Troubleshooting Skills Agile Methodology Solution Design Technical Manager SAP Financials SAP integration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Mindgensolutions Leading client of Mindgensolutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details