TITLE: Solutions Director - IT

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities : As Solution (content) lead across pre-sales activities : - Develop, own and shape solutions (against the defined sales strategy) for opportunities. - Expert in aligning business outcome achievement with technology solutions. - Manage and lead all solution related interactions of the opportunity throughout the entire lifecycle of the sales engagement - from shaping, through to contracting the win and delivery handover. - Own the solution sell the strategy and create, with the Leadership team, a clear win strategy. - Lead and own all technical aspects of the bid. - Work with the Commercial lead to price and cost the overall solution. - Identify all technical resources required to provide the solution at the various bid phases (outline; high level; detailed view to contract). - Play a key role in defining the technical content of a contract Statement of Works. - Ensures that we are able to deliver against expectations/contract and actively engage with delivery to ensure capability to deliver/handover the contract. - Identify and engage with all partners. As an architecture overseeing the related project delivery activities : Ensure that we are delivering what is expected by : - Ensuring that the architecture meets the functional and non-functional requirements. - Ensuring that the architecture complies with the overall Client's IT policies and strategies, obtaining authorised waivers where deviation is required. - Ensuring that the architecture is consistent with and supports the productivity and financial performance objectives of the project. Key Performance Indicators : The Solution Executive will be measured on specific key performance indicators : - Pre-Sales : to win engagements up to a size of over a period. - Project Delivery : to oversee successful project deliveries. Key Skills : - The Solution Executive is skilled across the full lifecycle from business development, successfully selling, solutions scoping and shaping through to delivery and running. - A significant amount of IT experience, extensive technical understanding, strong commercial, consulting, stakeholder management and leadership skills, in order to maximize their clients return on investment, are essential. Role Specific Skills and Expertise : - Business and technology consulting experience and the ability to address business value driven strategy and transformation - Commercial awareness and solution proposition. Ability to perform Cloud ROI assessment - Enterprise IT architecture capability, design and application of methodologies. With the ability to connect with customer Architects/CTO/CIO's and lead whiteboard solution sessions in a highly credible way - Regional team development, leadership and management. - Strong Cloud experience with solution building exposure to cover Public cloud (AWS & Azure) Private cloud and building hybrid solutions / operating models - Knowledge of application deployment and data migration to cloud platforms - Experience in architecting cloud first application hosting including the ability to design high availability applications on cloud adhering to DR and availability best practices - Exposure and understanding of to Devops - automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment - Broad technical understanding covering areas such as : Mid Range, Storage, Backup and Archive, Virtualisation, Data Centre Transition/Migration, Data Centre Consolidation, Network, and security - Project/programme and portfolio management. Ability to estimate project effort, duration, phases and identify key risks/issues/mitigation strategies - Business and technology solution design, development, delivery and run. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Selling Sales Strategy Business Development Presales Team Development ROI Networking Bidding Portfolio Management Technology Consulting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Person Profile :- Exceptional client-facing skills.- Capability to articulate technical solutions to technical and non-technical people.- Strategically oriented, but able to lead all aspects of technical delivery.- Very strong negotiation and commercial skills.- Very strong presentation skills.- Expertise in full project lifecycle and applies most appropriate methods to meet client needs.- Able to work effectively in pressurised situations and can be relied upon to deliver, irrespective of circumstances.- Able to work on own with limited assistance /direction from others, although not afraid to seek help/advice where required, delegating tasks effectively to ensure best use is made of own time.- Exudes enthusiasm and optimism at all times.- Focused on delivering a high quality solution to clients, both internal and external.- Self-motivated with a flexible and dynamic style.- Able to craft effective, creative and innovative delivery solutions.- Effective project/time management skills.- Must be fully flexible and mobile - globally. Company Profile: Mindgensolutions Leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details