TITLE: Engineer, Intellectual Property

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Responsibilities : Support NTI/NPI IP clearance programs by collaborating with technical experts, program managers & IP counsel. Explore IP landscaping opportunities and lead the initiative by performing patent analysis. Work with technical experts on white space opportunities to come up with Invention Disclosure Letters (IDLs). Work with domain experts and IP counsel on performing patent invalidity studies. Support patent evaluation board on IDL reviews and provide inputs to bring quality inventions. Periodically summarize granted patents across the globe and send alerts to relevant domain experts to work on IP concerns. Analyze recently published patents / utility models in various countries and release report monthly to relevant stakeholders. Support IP culture drive in BEC Renewable engineering team through IP workouts, tech trend sessions etc.. Support inventors in IDL submissions, prior arts searches & office actions.. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Keyskills Intellectual Property patent search Prior - art searches Landscape analysis patent analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements :Masters degree in Electrical, Electrical & Electronics Engineering with <3years of relevant IP experience.Good knowledge on usage of patent search tools and databases like Thomson Innovation, PatBase, US PTO, Espacenet, JPO, WIPO etc.Good knowledge on various IP studies like Prior-art searches, Landscape analysis, patent invalidity and IP clearance.Good knowledge of USA, EU & Indian patent laws.Broad technical knowledge and understanding, ability to understand technical content quickly and to categorize it.Should possess good oral and written communication skills, with very good text comprehension skills. Affinity to written explanation of technical matters.Desired Characteristics:Knowledge in the field of Wind Turbine Technology.Programming skills to develop tools for process automations (Excel VBA, etc.)Ability to work with and across all global resources (US, Europe, India, China). Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details