TITLE: Head- Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Its a brand new challenge for someone who wants to work with experienced founders who share your passion, building your own technology and team from scratch. Join us if- You are excited about being part of a startup organization to implement a great idea. You like getting your hands dirty and get stuff done. Self-starter with an entrepreneurial mindset. What will you be doing? Architecting the core platform (product data aggregation and normalization, internal admin tools) Dealing with MySQL database and external / internal data APIs. Some hands on coding yourself, especially until the team is in place. Delegation is not an option to start with. Being an integral part to the technical strategy, and direction we head in. Scale from MVP to a complete product and drive growth. Drive new product initiatives. Coming up with new innovative experiments to improve our technology base and ways of doing things. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills New Product MySQL database SQL Angular.js JS developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required What must you have? Min 6Y of experience in developing products or solutions.Startup / small companies experience would be a great plus and will be given preference. Passionate about marketplace applications and the opportunities that lie ahead for the next 3-5 years. Experience with the Angular.js / JS developer ecosystem, best-of-breed user experiences. Experience with SQL database structures and API data schemas. Familiarity with developing Mobile App. Familiarity with Amazon web services. Keen to work in a high-energy, fun startup environment. A true innovative problem solver really, really good at communicating. Company Profile: Tenaali Tenaali is an early stage start up to helps people tackle their to-Ã‚Â¬do lists every day ( Home improvements, Events, Automobile, Health, Wellness and more) . By delivering custom, job-specific quotes from qualified, Interested and available professionals and hire the pro that's right for them. Our focus is to empower micro, small and medium service providers to connect with customers through a digital platform and give them a fair chance for market participation and growth. Independent professionals across different verticals are able to grow and manage their businesses on their own terms. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details