TITLE: Manager - Marketing Communications - Telecom

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What do we want out of the role- We are a hotbed of communication and collaboration technology solutions - our engineers are building great products in our domain - for carriers, businesses as well as consumers. We are now looking to take our products to the market. For this we need a highly capable Marketing leader, with requisite experience to delve into, entrepreneurial driveto build from scratch, and a creative instinct to hone a brand opportunity. Our current priority is to address marketing communication for the company. So we are looking for a Marcom Manager, who will lead the effort and execute a yearly marketing plan which would include creating brand awareness, addressing opportunity for thought leadership, building brand presence and preference, and generating leads for various opportunities being addressed by the company. Key focus areas/activities would include PR, BTL/ATL opportunities, events, marketing content and literature, and the entire gamut of digital marketing. This will be the primary marketing go-to-resource for the company, and is expected to set a high benchmark in creating a brand wow for the internal as well as external customers. The basic metrics for the role would include both lead generation as well as brand building. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Manager Marketing - Internal / External Communication Keyskills Marketing Marketing Communication Public Relations Brand Management PR BTL ATL campaign management marketing intelligence Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required What Qualifications will we look for-As a technology company we look for engineers, but for this role we also invite talented, creative and experienced science graduate also to apply.At a minimum we look for a Bachelor's degree (B.Sc./B.E./B.Tech.) from any good school. Master's degree if relevant, will be an advantage. MBA (again from a reputed school) is highly desirable, though not mandatory.Functionally, the candidate should have hands-on/direct experience most (if not all) of the following: PR, events, developing marketing/sales collateral, and campaign management (traditional as well as digital media). Ad agency experience early on coupled with marcom responsibility in a large brand (consumer, telco, etc.), followed by IT/technology business experience in the B2B space will be an ideal combination. The candidate should have created and owned an annual marketing budget aligned with business goals, and preferably should have managed a small team. Overall, we are looking at 10-15 years of experience.About CandidateWho is our preferred candidate-We preare looking for a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, yet brings complete accountability and leadership to the job. As the point person for all marketing, the candidate will be required to lead from the front. As the primary owner of the marketing plan, the budget is vested with this role. Hence we require the candidate to be fiscally prudent, understand business/sales performance and know how to put together an annual marketing plan/budget.The ideal candidate would have access to and hands-on experience with third party marketing service providers required periodically for marketing execution. This could include events, PR, digital marketing, direct and other such agencies. We are looking for ability to work with creative agencies and develop a portfolio of integrated marketing collateral. We desire a candidate who loves writing and is good at it, be it creative briefs, brochures, advertorials, competitive counters, proposals, white papers or launch plans. Our products pack a lot of punch, and we want to translate all of that into marketing literature and collateral.Candidate with a basic level of marketing intelligence experience is highly valued. Such a candidate is able to create SWOT assessments, offer media-messaging strategies, and conduct essential market//business/competitive research to help strengthen the market/competitive positioning for the company.Lastly the candidate should be highly goal oriented, capable of and experienced in setting high goals for oneself and the team. Past experience in hiring top talent and motivating and performance managing high performers will be highly valued Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital leading client of Ikya Human Capital Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details