TITLE: Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Headout is evolving the way people discover & experience the world that we live in. We are combining a delightful product experience, data-driven decisions, sophisticated supply side logistics network and world-class operations to solve a huge basic human problem: what do we do now? The Business Development team will expand the Headout mission to bring new partners, cities & events under our fold furthering our ambition to become the largest destination for entertainment & happiness on the planet. You will be working with the CEO, COO & City Managers directly. What youll do . Identify supply side partnership opportunities. Forge and develop relationships to enable continued rapid growth and service expansion at Headout. . Deep dive into data to understand demand, inventory, seasonality & other factors influencing our city metrics. . Be a key component of our City Launch rollouts. . Work with cross functional teams in engineering, product, marketing, operations, community, legal and finance to ensure alignment on partnerships and business requirements. . Pilot new initiatives and business agreements in markets, evaluate their impact on business and determine the most effective scope/approach for any follow-on rollout. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development BD Business Intelligence People Skills Analytical skills Entreprenuerial Drive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required What you need . Entrepreneurial spirit . Very high *get shit done* quotient . Combination of analytical skills with interpersonal abilities . Ability to find creative solutions to seemingly complex problems . Business instincts - Inherently curious by nature, you enjoy thinking about what makes different businesses tick. Youd be excited to master Headouts business model, and would doggedly pursue making that model flourish in your city. . People skills - You'll need truly world-class people skills to be able to influence partners to drive at times, in places, and in ways that ensure a world-class experience for our users. Depending on the conversation, youll need to be able to charm or cajole our partners accordingly.SKILLSBusiness Intelligence, People Skills, Analytical skills, Entreprenuerial Drive. Company Profile: Headout Headout is an on-demand mobile marketplace that helps travelers discover & book the most incredible tours, activities, events & local experiences in town for the next 24 hours at incredible prices. All it takes is 3 taps and 60 seconds. We combine the convenience of mobile, curated tours, best prices and paperless ticketing to deliver a delightful experience to our users. No more tour brochures, walk-ins, crappy guides or cumbersome payments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details