TITLE: Head Investment Counsellor / AVP - Mutual Fund | Banking | Bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are having an urgent opening for the designation of Head Investment Counsellor - Mutual Fund in a Leading Bank for Bangalore Location. Job Description : To Coach and support branch managers, relationship managers, customer services managers and various other sales channels across 18-25 branches with all aspects of the Investments business ensuring that all budgets and targets are met and exceeded for sales performance, service delivery and operational soundness. To Oversee investments sales by branch staff as well as meeting top clients and prospective clients outside of the branch in order to expand existing relationships and generate new relationships. To Manage the profitability of the branches by driving sales of Mutual Funds along with Broking products and coaching to relationship selling for an improved market share. To Synergize with internal partners such as Acquisition, NRI Channel and Business Banking across the organization to drive business results. Conduct weekly sessions to coach and motivate staff at all levels, supervisors, sales and ops teams on a wide range of investment vehicles, including equities, structured products, alternate investments, and derivatives. Training the wealth managers to develop tactical portfolios, to allocate asset properly and recommend feasible solutions to their clients. Support relationship managers to gather customer data and engage in client meetings, write investment policy statements, model and develop workable customer solutions. Research competitive offerings and product trends, assess new opportunities, and manage and track new product initiatives, including examining performance and risk attribution of investment vehicles. Deliver updates on product initiatives to senior management. Draft and update regional business plans monthly. Speaking with product specialists and portfolio managers to ensure clear messaging and understanding of investment strategies. Liaising between companys investment decision-making management and various Asset Management companies. Note : Candidates having experience of more than 5 years of handling Mutual Fund business / sales in Banking / Broking / Financial Service can apply for the above requirement. For more information, contact Twinkle Kharbanda @ +91 73071 04567 or share your updated resume on twinkle@lavyaassociates.com Salary:INR 11,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. as per company norms. Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills Investment Banking Mutual Funds MF m f wealth mfs hni hnw high networth wealth management nri portfolio securities brokerage bank financial bfsi capital market bfs derivatives forex Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lavya Associates Leading Bank A renowned name, Lavya Associates acts as a gateway to provide a wide range of recruitment and selection services to companies. We are a dedicated team of professional consultants offering top of the line global executive recruitment and selection services. Our services are available over a wide geographical area. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details