TITLE: Fault Management System - Tivoli

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Hands on experience of atleast 2 years as O&M of IBM Tivoli Network Manager IP Edition ( NETCOOL) Fault Management System Application is a MUST 2. Able to do Adding/Modifying an ITNM polling policy to monitor devices/interfaces 3. Able to do Adding/Modifying notification rules to be applied to notify users with the occurrence of a specific event when specific criteria are met. 4. Able to do Adding/Modifying filters to show only specific sets of events of a similar business importance to specific set of users. 5. Able to do Adding/Modifying customized views to show only a specific set of alarm information to specific set of users. 6. Able to do Assign/de-assign user(s) to existing group that is already assign the necessary privileges and access rights 7. Able to do Adding/Modifying users and provide privileges to access the different functions of the systems. Add new groups integrated with Active Directory 8. Capable in Building GUI Maps to represent graphically a specific section of the network of a specific business importance. 9. Capable in Building a tool that execute a read script to be executed on an alarm 10. Building a customized report to show certain data of a specific set of alarms in excel format generated from the database. 11. Building a customized dashboard to show certain data of a specific set of alarms. 12. Adding/Modifying a Correlation rule to correlate two alarms which have something in common form technical/business point of view. 13. Adding/Modifying an Enrichment rule to provide extra data/information related to a specific alarm from other systems (e.g. Inventory management). 14. Add New device module to enable ITNM pooling and traps/syslog receiving 15. Able to analyze Process traps and syslog messages 16. Capable to do integration with other system 17. Conduct a Knowledge transfer or hands-on training session on OSS implemented systems 18. Good UNIX and scripting skills 19. Good in PL/SQL queries Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Queries PLSQL PL Unix Scripting Interfaces Netcool Tivoli OSS Fault Management Network Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Ken QA Services Leading client of Ken QA Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details