TITLE: Svcs IT Manager II

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides leadership to assigned group(s) within an outsourced Information Technology (IT) organization on Services account(s). Identifies, evaluates and resolves business issues. Works on abstract problems across all functional areas within a customers IT environment. Possesses extensive technical breadth and manages multi-disciplines within the IT environment. Â Â Â Directs the implementation of technical enterprise-wide solutions. Utilizes the company or a third-partys products, processes, resources and services in the solutions. Oversees the completion of customer solutions and strategies based on the analysis of the customers business goals, objectives, needs, and general business environment. Provides both leadership and technical leadership. Â Principal Accountabilities Directs the efforts of others in the achievement of the strategic and operational objectives of the group. Manages the hiring, staffing and maintaining of a diverse and effective workforce. Responsible for career development/ planning, performance and pay discussions of team members. Meets established targets around internal Service Level Agreements for the group. Formulates, gains approval from leadership for, and executes departmental initiatives to improve the standard process, methods, deliverables, response timeframes, and support costs of the group. Leads the strategic development and design of principles, processes, models, and standards that address business requirements and goals. Leads the achievement of customer experience levels from a technical perspective. Acts as an informational source on organizational practices and procedures. Takes lead in addressing both internal and external issues regarding product delivery, technical architecture and customer service. Â Â Â Accountable for the day-to-day operations of an area managing processes, programs and/ or initiatives. Manages a staff of professional level team members or manages a team through lower-level supervisors. Defines roles and responsibilities. Contributes to standards around which others will operate. Establishes and influences operating policies. Plans for an areas future needs and operations. Leads program execution. Contributes to policy/ program development. Impacts aspects of department or function results. Manages related costs and methods. Â Â Sets project timeframes and priorities based on project objectives and ongoing assignments. Provides guidance and technical advice and becomes actively involved as required. Adapts communication techniques for audiences at multiple internal/ external levels. Counsels and motivates team members on performance. Frequent contact with internal and external contacts at various leadership levels to obtain and allocate resources and complete specific phases of projects. Builds cross-functional partnerships. Identifies business opportunities. Assumes responsibility for sales objectives. Â Analyzes quantitative, qualitative and trend data. Distills information from a variety of sources. Recognizes how individual data points fit into a situation as a whole. Identifies what additional data is needed. Anticipates operational issues and develops preventative measures. Solves problems impacting the area in a systematic and clear manner that can be understood by subordinates and colleagues. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills customer service operations hiring development staffing operational information technology quantitative policies career development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 10 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Â 4 years leadership experience. Â Undergraduate degree or Graduate degree Company Profile: Dell For more than 26 years, Dell has empowered countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether theyre at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details