TITLE: Software Dev Senior Engineer (vmware Mpio)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dell'sBangalore Design Center is the home of the award-winning Dell storage products,which simplify the way businesses of all sizes store and protect information.Our customers represent a "Who's Who" of global corporations acrossmultiple industries. They choose to work with us not only for our leading-edgetechnology that simplifies IT, but also because of the enormous intellectual capitalthat is here - our exceptional employees. Role Responsibilities: Seeking Linux SoftwareDevelopment Engineer with 10 or more years of overall software developmentexperience, with 6 or more years in software development experience in C/C onLinux. Particular emphasis will be placed on experience in building anddelivering stable, serviceable solutions within an entrepreneurial environment.In addition, the candidate should have the exemplary communications skillsneeded to interact effectively with members of the various technical teamswithin our engineering organization. Finally, the candidate must be conversantin the problems and concepts in the storage domain. In particular, s/he musthave knowledge of several of the following: Experience in Multipathing Driver experience e.g. MP/IO Expert level skills in developing solutions that operates in bothkernel and user-mode. Experience in working with Linux file system and I/O stack. Expert C programming skills on Linux platform including o Network protocols o Data modeling o Object-oriented design o IPC/RPC o Multithreading o File System o Disk Subsystem Expert level debugging and problem solving skill on Linuxplatform. Storage management concepts and standards Demonstrable experience with creating solutions that work onmultiple Linux distributions including RHEL, SuSE, Oracle UEK. Experience with developing software on VMware ESX platform isrequired. Building, maintaining and distributing RPMs.with SAN, iSCSI, FibreChannel Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle linux networking software development shell scripting python multithreading server vmware san Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements BE or Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field 10 years of relevant experience C/C on Linux Experience with MPIO development on Linux Experience in working in User and Kernel mode . Experience with developing software on VMware ESX platform is required. Experience working in Storage/server/networking domain Proven experience implementing Enterprise software solutions Preferences Multipathing Driver experience e.g. MP/IO on VMware platform 3-4 year of experience in Kernel module development System programming on Linux Python and Shell scripting knowledge Extensive experience in C . Storage domain knowledge Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details