TITLE: Java Developer/ 4-8 yrs Experience in Spring and Hibernate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Java Spring Hibernate MySQL REST nosql mongo / cassandra Kafka / AMQ / Rabbit Cache (Distributed Cache) Agile/SDLC Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 17,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Spring Hibernate Rest NoSQL MySQL Agile Cache Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Azuga Telematics Private Limited Azuga was started with the intent of shaking up the GPS Vehicle Tracking Industry. For too long, customers have paid way too much, got burdened with punishing contracts and didn't get accurate data to help run their business. Azuga G2 makes enterprise-grade GPS Vehicle Tracking available at less than 70 cents per vehicle per day. Azuga is not just GPS: We are in contact with the vehicle's engine computer every second giving you unprecedented insights into fuel use, driver behavior and preventive maintenance. The secret behind our amazing price and super-accurate data: Azuga is part of a major automotive electronics supplier that engineers and manufactures electronics that go into millions of new cars and trucks. That's not all. Azuga's parent company supplies these devices directly to major insurers, helping them reduce risk - and premiums. The Azuga team is comprised of industry veterans assembled from General Motors, Ford, AT&T, Oracle, Xora, Telenav, AllState Insurance and Qualcomm. Through Azuga, we now are bringing this proven enterprise-grade GPS tracking, Driver Behavior and Engine Diagnostics technology directly to you, along with the cloud fleet tracking services you need. With this unique pedigree, we are the ONLY GPS vehicle tracking provider to design, engineer and build our own devices right here in the USA. Everyone else buys theirs from unknown sources. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details