TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage our infrastructure and scaling activities. Drive the team in improving the operational efficiency for all services. Reduce service performance bottlenecks by conducting analysis, recommend / implement scopes of modifications. Trusted for the health of system hardware infrastructure and perform troubleshooting of applications and infrastructure issues to minimize the impact on the live production environment. Automate and maintain our continuous delivery pipeline for consistent software releases with zero downtime (through build process, packaging, testing and automatic deployment) Contributes to strategic planning meetings and provides guidance and expertise on alternate options, risk, cost vs.benefits, and impact on business goals. Creates and shares development estimates and operational requirements to enable accurate planning. Qualifications: Skills 5+ years of work experience in product development in a large enterprise. This includes demonstrated ability in the following areas: Experience in software development with continuous Integration and delivery Excitant understanding for Shell Programming Good understanding and expert level of knowledge of Linux. Hands on experience with building continuous delivery pipeline Hands on experience working with production build and release environment Experience with source code management, bug tracking, virtual machine environments, AWS. Experience using wide variety of DevOps related technologies and tools Experience with tools like Jenkins, Teamcity, Git, SVN, Chef, Puppet, Logstash, Kibana, Graphite, Nexus, Artifactory etc. Experience with python or any scripting language and automation Familiarity with systems and IT operations Working knowledge of high level software development facilities/utilities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills GIT Linux Shell Programming Strategic Planning Software Development Product Development IT Operations Bug Tracking Jenkins Teamcity SVN Chef Puppet Logstash Kibana Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Minimum QualificationBtech/MS/MCA/MTech5+ years of relevant work experience in developing and delivering software using Agile models3+ years of experience working in enabling products for continuous delivery Company Profile: Eros International Media Limited Eros International Media Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details