TITLE: L&D Consultant- Communications

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Purpose: You will be responsible for creating and implementing a world class communication strategy for Flipkart University. Key Accountabilities: Create and develop of a world-class communications strategy, game plan and oversee its implementation for the Flipkart University (including: campaigning, branding, messaging, advertising, email marketing and web site management etc.) Coach colleagues and peers in the importance of communications Explore new and novel ways to communicate and engage audiences towards action (e.g. community building etc.) Support the communication around small and big events i.e. communicate internal activities as well as external Flipkart University hosted conferences Monitor and report on results. Team up with multiple stakeholders (internal communications, Business teams, ) to achieve program targets Work on both internal as well as customer programs Oversee both tactical as well as strategic communication Take part in the development, roll-out and selection of 21st century communication tools Support the Flipkart University with flawless and speedy execution Subject Matter Expertise: 5 years of relevant experience Good educational qualifications Communications planning Online and offline communication tooling, processes and approaches Project management Out of the box and Creative thinking Agency - and vendor management Online community facilitation Social media Desired skills (How an ideal candidate would look like): Digital warrior Bias for action Passion at work and at home, only settling for world-class Strategic view Superior stakeholder management & team player High IQ/ EQ & mature Customer delight Program and project management Eager to make a difference to the world & learn Creative and out of the box thinker Inherently happy people Self-starters Passionate about the customer 21st century mindset & out of the box thinkers Not settling for good; only going for excellent and world class Must be a confident communicator and presenter. Strong writing, editing, proofreading, layout and design, professional printing/publishing skills are essential, including ability to present concepts verbally. Must possess excellent organizational and planning skills. Superior project management and time management skills. A wide degree of creativity and latitude. Strong knowledge and understanding of current trends in digital media/social media. Self-motivated with a positive and professional approach to management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Manager Marketing - Internal / External Communication Keyskills Branding Project Management Advertising Stakeholder Management Events Site Management Campaigns Email Marketing Social Media Planning Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Flipkart Flipkart Flipkart was given wings in the year 2007 by two IIT alumni, Sachin and Binny Bansal. In what has been a stupendous six year journey so far, today we stand tall as India's largest ecommerce marketplace, with the highest sales of consumer electronic products and books, surpassing large offline chains in these categories. With more than a million visitors every day, and a registered user base of 10 million we are one among the top 10 websites in India today. Our focus has always been on making online shopping a delightful experience for customers - and that will always be our core purpose. With rapid growth in internet adoption and mobility, e-commerce is poised to grow manifold, and Flipkart is strongly positioned to leverage this opportunity. Patronage from investors has been encouraging ever since Flipkart was born and recently Flipkart rose over Rs. 6000 crores in funding, reposing investors' faith in us. We aimed to hit USD 1 billion in GMV by 2015, but reached that goal early 2014! Our vision is to be $20 billion Company by 2020. Yes, we have great plans for the future, but we have come this far in a short span of 6 years, largely because we have stayed focused on hiring and retaining the best talent and offering our employees great opportunities for learning, skill development and growth. Flipkart's vision is to be the most preferred destination for ALL shoppers in India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details