TITLE: Technical Training Sr Advisor

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description :- Conduct quarterly training needs analysis and create training calendar. Ensure trainings are aligned with local business objectives and developmental needs of sales teams. Design and develop customized training content - Responsible for the delivery of sales training; new hire onboarding, selling skills for inside and outside sales, account planning, acceleration trainings and entry level technical training - Conducts training in classroom as well as thru conference calls - Provide on-going consultation on selling skills - Engage with the Sales leaders, Business Unit leaders, Marketing and Global Sales Training to ensure the coordination, organization and deployment of the required trainings for the sales teams. Includes: o Product trainings o Vendor led trainings o Locally required trainings like Consumer Law, Accidental Damage Protection, etc Specialist trainings Constative selling skills Soft skills for selling White boarding and articulating - Deployment and follow up of trainings programs: o Quarterly Business Trainings o License to practice o Any acceleration programs - Interlock with stakeholders to define development needs and to provide training updates. - Training effectiveness performance review. Maintain records of training to provide accurate information Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Training Manager Keyskills development consulting coordination selling skills pc soft skills account planning entry level performance review trainings Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification :-- Min Degree in an IT/Technical discipline preferred. - Min 8-12 years of working experience preferably in a sales or sales training capacity. - Solution Selling skills - Knowledge of Enterprise products - Ability to design basic training modules. - Facilitation skills. - Needs assessment/ Diagnostic skills. - Vendor research and evaluation skills. - Consulting skills. - Knowledge of advanced PC software and spreadsheet applications. - Training/delivery skills - PowerPoint skills. - Presentation skills - Strong interpersonal skills - Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details