TITLE: Sales Support Manager - Swedish Manufacturing Giant

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Flex-i Partners. We are currently hiring for a Swedish Construction machines giant which has production facilities in four continents and a market presence in over 100 countries The offered role is for a Sales Support Manager . Job Summary (Purpose of Job) : - Develop and execute annual Sales support & product plan, Identify new market and application segments along with Site study to position right Machine and Impart product training to dealers, support product literature development and sales & marketing activities with the objective of increasing market coverage, Market Share ,Price Realization and top line performance within the limits of the overall business plan. Key Result Areas : - Discuss segment development plan with Head of Sales support and VP- India & support sales with technical & commercial documents in order to provide complete product solution & segment information to the organization. Identify opportunities for potential segmentation & development of new attachments, initiate job study & study market feasibility for launch, conduct test applications with identified customers, support homologation for technical information, review performance & recommend to supervisor for launch in order to develop new markets and application segments. Gather business intelligence inputs from various sources, analyze inputs and identify competitor & market movements, discuss with VP - India and develop course of action in order to support business planning and delivery through a keen understanding of the market and competition. Provide sales team with product related technical information, conduct market research, support marketing events for customers & dealer in order to ensure achievement of targets as per plan. Identify quality issues with products and discuss with factory in order to resolve product quality problems. Impart training to dealer personnel on product, attachments & options, review training & product literature content provided by the factory, study competitor literature in order to develop dealer technical competencies. Interact with Region Asia Sales support Organization & participate in group meetings and training programs in order to share information on machine application, segment analysis, quality issues etc on a regional basis. Authority : - Recommend field and competitive surveys for approval by management. Recommend field trials of machines to management for approval. Recommend demonstration of machines at various customer sites. Authorize sundry cost attached to machine field trials and demonstration pertaining to fuel, consumables, minor repair etc. Accountability : - Timely provision of techno - commercial and competitive data to sales. Monthly update of Business intelligence to Operation group. Update on major projects in relevant segment. Training skills development of dealer sales personnel. Participation in Road shows and Customer Meet. New products launch activities. Site study to be done for all the products and submit the Report to Sales Team. Salary:INR 17,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A. "best in the Industry" Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Sales Promotion Manager Keyskills CE CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT CONSTRUCTION MACHINES WHEEL LOADER EXCAVATOR BACK HOE LOADER SALES SUPPORT POST SALES SPARE PARTS SALES SPARE PARTS ESCAVATOR CRANE MINING EQUIPMENT Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Essentials : -B.E Mechanical Engineers only need apply.Experience required 10-12 years.Good experience in Technical support, site study, event participation, tender support to dealers.Must have participated in 'New Product Launch'.Best fit candidate should have an experiential percentage of 70% Technical and 30% Marketing. Company Profile: Flex-i Partners Flex-I Partners is a leading recruitment service provider offering an entire spectrum of specialist services across various industries. Started in 2006 with its headquarters at Bangalore, the growth of Flex-I Partners has been phenomenal, thanks to its industry specific expertise in building an extensive network and knowledge base. Flex-I Partners believes in viewing a partner in every client and thinking from the client's perspective, each and every time. This is why we are considered as the experts in providing search and bespoke solutions to an elite club of global and regional clients, who have discreet recruitment's for middle and senior management positions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details