TITLE: Solutions Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are building the next generation of virtual reality and 3D content creation and delivery platform. You will be involved in designing and building the core solutions. Will be in charge of critical design decisions. Ideally, we are looking for people who understands 3D graphics space well, and the concepts of scale, design and various rendering solutions. Perks include: Flexible work hours, Work from home options, Paid holiday on your birthday, Nerf Guns, and a fully stocked pantry. PRODUCT Building virtual reality experiences have never been as easy. Look is a flexible and powerful development platform for creating multiplatform 3D virtual reality interactive experiences. It's a complete ecosystem for anyone who aims to build a business on creating high-end content and connecting to their most loyal and enthusiastic players and customers. Build apps that display 3D scenes with binocular rendering, track and react to head movements, and interact with apps with this SDK. WHY US? We are working on cutting edge and innovative technologies that blends design and tech. Building the next-gen visualization platform, we are leading the Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality, by taking them out of concepts to real world problem solutions. We are young, vibrant, and believes in creative power of the people. Right now is the time to be a part of an amazing company in the making. Also our perks include flexible work hours, Work from home options, Paid holiday on your birthday, Nerf Guns, and a fully stocked pantry. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Design Content Creation Solutions Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Look Mobility We at Look Mobility(www.lookmobility.com) working on creating Do-It-Yourself platform for builders and architects who has floor plans and models can create a virtual tour using our platform without any programming knowledge. For the end user, we have our look Studio app, from where they can design and visualize their home interior themselves and also buy home furnishing products which is a $20B market in India by 2015. Apart from this, we have solution for the content consuming part of the platform. We have created our own world's first flat foldable VR headsets called foloVR. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details