TITLE: Sr Manager - C2C Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position will influence and shape this business by identifying and executing Consumer Programs to generate and convert consumer leads to Increase revenue. The candidate should have the ability to dream big, Act rapidly and have a history of success. Business strategy Know the customer: Deeply understand customer behaviour, develop new customer insights Own the business: Co-own the P&L, develop the business model, understand where opportunities are and create a viable business to service them Know the market: Stay on top of trends in an ever-changing landscape, find opportunities and prioritize based on size, internal capabilities, etc. Know the competition: Understand the competition & Ensure Ekart stays well ahead of competition Influence the leadership: Convert strategies into action by liaising with cross-functional leadership and drive the changes required Lead Generation Plan and execute consumer campaigns involving SEO/SEM. Develop programs to increase Customer Life-time Value. Run Shopper marketing programs to increase penetration and generate revenues. Own the terms of business Rate card/SLA/ Demand Forecasting etc. Ensure high-share of mind from the consumers. Build deep ties. Market Understanding Develop a thorough knowledge of the market - short term and long term trends Have an in depth knowledge of competition and ability to influence the market Develop and implement industry best practices. move the industry with you! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills SEM SEO Marketing Programs Sales Lead Generation Campaigns Business Strategy Demand Forecasting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Flipkart Flipkart Flipkart was given wings in the year 2007 by two IIT alumni, Sachin and Binny Bansal. In what has been a stupendous six year journey so far, today we stand tall as India's largest ecommerce marketplace, with the highest sales of consumer electronic products and books, surpassing large offline chains in these categories. With more than a million visitors every day, and a registered user base of 10 million we are one among the top 10 websites in India today. Our focus has always been on making online shopping a delightful experience for customers - and that will always be our core purpose. With rapid growth in internet adoption and mobility, e-commerce is poised to grow manifold, and Flipkart is strongly positioned to leverage this opportunity. Patronage from investors has been encouraging ever since Flipkart was born and recently Flipkart rose over Rs. 6000 crores in funding, reposing investors' faith in us. We aimed to hit USD 1 billion in GMV by 2015, but reached that goal early 2014! Our vision is to be $20 billion Company by 2020. Yes, we have great plans for the future, but we have come this far in a short span of 6 years, largely because we have stayed focused on hiring and retaining the best talent and offering our employees great opportunities for learning, skill development and growth. Flipkart's vision is to be the most preferred destination for ALL shoppers in India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details