TITLE: Sr Manager/manager - Pharma Sales and Marketing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary: Responsible for building, growing and managing the pharma /biopharma business vertical within an entrepreneurial setup. (Pharma API BtoB Sales and Business Development India and semi regulated markets.) Roles & Responsibilities: Sales Management Handle all aspects of API sales for designated product range and territories. Responsible for revenue targets Create channels product/ territory specific to enable wider market access. Handle all aspects of BtoB channel management. Responsible for maintaining high levels of Customer Service. Business Development Use previous customer relationships to bring forth the companies offerings to the industry. Build new avenues / business opportunities. Marketing PlanningÂ Responsible for chalking out and executing marketing activities for short, mid and long term.Â Responsible for Budgeting and Forecasting Internal Co-ordination Responsible for bringing focus, motivating cross functional teams and enabling faster internal deliverables. Working with cross- functional teams on technical aspects, regulatory requirements, quality parameters, IP assessment, legal agreements.Â Strategic Planning for building the business Work with the strategic planning team and PMT to narrow down high opportunity areas derived from customer/ market interactions and actionise into internal developmental programs. MIS Creating specific dashboards for periodic assessment by senior management for eg on sales, leads, collections, financial parameters, Project status, risk assessment. Critical Success Factors for the Role: Must have prior strong market connect and relationships with Pharma customers in India and semi-regulated markets. Required Work Experience: Must have prior API BtoB sales experience in India and semi regulated markets. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Marketing Planning Strategic Planning Pharma Selling API International Marketing B2B Marketing Corporate Sales Sales & Marketing Pharma Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, International Business, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Competencies Technical:B2B Sales & Marketing ManagementÂ Key Account Relationship ManagementInternational Business managementMust have strong understanding of technical, regulatory, IP and analytical matters relating to the product portfolio.Outstanding interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills is required, including presentation skills.Good People Management SkillsBe able to influence and work cross-functionallyProficient with computer and standard software programs.Able to travel 70%.Behavioural:Attitude: positive, go getter, Internally motivated, self-starter approach to workÂ Personality: people person, networker, likable personaTeam ability to work with cross functional teams, aligning goals and delivering results; Ability to take charge and lead a team independently;Leadership bring high Entrepreneurial Sales Focus; ability to translate big picture to daily deliverables; Ability to make decisions independently/propensity to make calculated risks; Ability to manage multiple tasks and deliver results in a fast-paced environmentÂ Traits quick learner, fast adapter, flawless executioner;Should be passionate about the Pharma space with an understanding of technology Company Profile: Richcore Lifesciences Pvt. Ltd. Richcore Lifesciences develop and supply AOF recombinant proteins manufactured in our state of art GMP facility to companies manufacturing biotherapeutics such as insulin and vaccine, helping the manufacturers achieve an 100% AOF process. Further, we provide enzymes for dietary use to the pharmaceutical and nutraceutical industry, and offer biocatalysis services to API and fine chemical manufacturers. Through our portfolio of solutions for Industrial Biotechnology we offer novel enzymatic solutions for conservation of energy and food, and waste water treatment and biomethanation. We serve an array of industries such as Bio-fuel, Sugar & Alcohol, Paper & Pulp, Textiles, and Dairy. We are venture and PE-investment backed, and have a global base of customers and partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details