TITLE: Software Dev Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Software Dev Sr. Analyst- Bangalore, Karnataka As Software Dev Analyst, you will be involved in early phases of release by developing prototypes and PoCs. This role is for a hard core application developer. You need to understand the business requirements and convert that into You will work closely with the client business teams and other support teams. This position requires good learning skills and technical skills and will report directly to the Team lead and Project Manager internal team. Role Responsibilities Support current applications built on dot net and SQL Server 2008 R2. Mandatory Skills 2 years of experience in designing and developing .net application. Should have excellent working knowledge in C# 4.0, MVC 4.0 (Razor view engine), ASP.Net 3.5 and above, ADO.Net, Entity Framework 4.0 , LINQ Should have experience in Jquery. Should know Knockout js, High Charts js and Bootstrap CSS. Should have excellent working knowledge in SQL Server 2008 R2, working knowledge on writing Complex Stored Procedures and Functions Should be good in HTML, CSS Should have excellent analytical skills. Experience in Classic ASP Lease administration functinalities Desired Skills Understanding of all out of the box features of .Net 4.0 and SQL Server 2008 R2. Understanding the best practices and limitations of .Net and SQL Server. Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project tasks. MVP Architecture Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) Preferences Master's degree or B.Tech/BE *Select the My Jobs hyperlink available in the Field, "Life at Dell" to learn more about Dell culture, interview process, benefits, etc. For their location Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server jquery wcf mvc stored procedures linq functions benefits mvp dell Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Classic ASP, .Net Developer Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details