TITLE: Senior Design Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Perform and Lead design solutions, analysis and detail Design of Structures ( Bridges, Buildings and Miscellaneous Structures). Take ownership and ensure the quality of the documents and adhere to contract deadline. Provide inputs to the CAD and check CAD output as per standard and specification. Ensure timely & quality delivery of designs as per the defined standards to the clients. Able to independently deliver work and integrate with larger project teams Qualification Requirements Graduate or Post-graduate Degree in Civil Engineering from a recognised university. 10-12 years and above working experience within Civil environment (Bridges and Structures). Experience Requirements You will need to demonstrate experience in at least one or more of the following areas: Experience in structural analysis and design of different types of bridge structures including reinforced and post/pre-stressed concrete girder, and slab deck bridges etc. Detailed design of post-tensioned bridges, RC bridges, Steel Bridges, Composite Bridges, underpass structures, approach structures, retaining walls and other civil structures. Detailed design of Building Structure related to Railway Industry. Working knowledge of current UK and Euro design codes and software used in the international market. Competence with engineering software such as Lusas, Staad Pro, SAP, Superstress, ETABS. Proficiency in static , dynamic and fatigue analysis Proficiency in Microsoft applications e.g. Word, Excel and Outlook is required Fluency in written and spoken English is essential. You will also be expected to demonstrate the following qualities: Communication Good Communication and Listening Skills. Teamwork - working together as a team for the Group, not just the individual. Leadership/Influence - Actively mentors more junior team members through their technical training and wider career aspirations. Organising and Planning- Continuously seeks new and efficient ways to perform tasks and deliver higher quality work Involvement/Integration Develop relationship with different UK offices and Atkins colleague outside of Business area. Motivation Should show highly motivated by supporting the team professionally. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills ETABS Staad Pro Design Engineering Detailing Structural Analysis Excel Detail Design Civil Engineering Software Engineering Microsoft Applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil PG:M.Tech - Civil Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Atkins Global Visit - http://www.atkin sglobal.com/about-us . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details