TITLE: OLM Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Biztalk Operate Landscape Manager (OLM) assists in the end-to-end application operations delivery with Biztalk technical skills for all incidents, problem, and change related activities. As part of the Downstream Integration Services Operate team, the OLM is responsible for delivering smooth operations of applications and their related back-end technology. The OLM contributes by actions that reduce incident volume and provide speedy and quality problem resolution. Accountabilities Lead Incident/Problem resolution by assisting in key operational activities in terms of delivery, fixes, and supportability with operations staff and/suppliers, in particular the Biztalk platform and application support teams. Manage delivery of complex RCAs across multi-vendor and multi-disciplinary teams Lead platform and interface specific Biztalk change ticket review / approvals / planning, in particular for technical upgrades as well as Support pack upgrades for platform changes Ensure operation runbooks, support guidelines, and procedures are produced and maintained for use. Representing the Downstream Services and Operations organisation towards the Downstream IT Business Managers for landscapes in scope sharing relevant information and managing priorities/escalations. Coordination of Disaster Recovery Plans and Test execution for the critical business applications within the landscape including maintaining the application and infrastructure landscape documentation on an annual basis, document failover process, criteria and timings. Ensure regulatory and compliance controls are embedded in landscape operations and assist with evidence collection. Assist with Transition to Support activities. Contribute to delivery of improvements in reliable end-to-end performance, with specific focus on Business Critical Landscapes. This includes contributing to regular deep-dives with Microsoft and Platform support teams , following up Platform KPIs and monitoring alerts or ad hoc vendor recommendations and drive implementation of improvements via the internal and external Application and Infrastructure suppliers. Develop and maintain a strategy for Application Technical Monitoring, leveraging Biztalk monitoring tools. Use the input from Monitoring and past severe incidents, correlate them to system/business process statistics and trends to identify bottlenecks or risks and propose appropriate preventive actions. Dimensions and Special Challenges No direct reports. Indirect Reports in Managed Service teams supporting our applications. Enterprise Biztalk landscape that runs many time critical interfaces that support business critical application functions in all Classes of Businesss, in particular ERP, Trading & Supply, Retail. Virtual working in a global environment with culturally diverse teams. Managing multiple delivery priorities and multiple demand requests. Working with multiple stakeholders in various organizations. Risks - License to Operate, Global reputation, $100's of millions at risk Failure within these systems could have effects on Shell's reputation and ability to participate in these markets and fines would be very substantial. This position manages overall delivery, outages, for landscapes thereby ensuring availability, reliability, and overall supportability on a 7x24, 365 day basis. If this job is not done well and accurately, any/all of the repercussions above could occur Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills operations microsoft documentation application support development coordination business process erp sql server operational Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications and Skills Mandatory Graduate / Post Graduate with minimum 7 years relevant experience in Interface or Integration Services Development & Support. Sound understanding of the technical layers in the Biztalk landscape as well as knowledge of Biztalk administration and working with SQL Server database Experience in applications support and support processes, specifically ITIL Self-starter with Good analysis and problem solving skills Strong relationship skills to work with multiple stakeholders across organizational and business boundaries at all levels. Strong communication skills Proven ability to deliver results in a matrix organization driving delivery excellence through influence and team working Ability to deal with conflict and ambiguity effectively. Ability to handle concurrent tasks with appropriate priority Ability to operate in a virtual cross cultural organization Preferred Understanding of key business processes in Downstream Oil and Gas will be considered as advantageous Experience in IT Service Managemen Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details