TITLE: Android Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this . Full responsibility for creating the best user experience and the most kickass app to have ever come out in the play store . Get your hands dirty with performant animations, caching mechanisms, crazy material designs, backend services etc . Be up to date with new features, design paradigms and everything else in the Android ecosystem . Build and contribute to open-source libraries and components Our Dream Engineer . Penchant for learning and building with new technologies and frameworks. . Knack for writing the most performance optimized code along with it being modular and scalable. . No challenge is too big to solve; love thinking product and excited to ideate & build shit all by yourself. Requirements . Being legendary We like . 007 in Java, Android SDK, NDK . Experience in building Android mods . Really good design sense. . Strong CS fundamentals, including good working knowledge of classic algorithms and data structures. . Solid understanding of how the web works and it's underlying communication protocols. . Experience with other technologies like HTML, CSS, Javascript, SQL etc. . People who have built live, crazily performing apps in the play store . People who die for a beautiful UI :D . Anything else than can surprise us. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Android SDK NDK HTML CSS Javascript SQL Design & Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Headout Headout is an on-demand mobile marketplace that helps travelers discover & book the most incredible tours, activities, events & local experiences in town for the next 24 hours at incredible prices. All it takes is 3 taps and 60 seconds. We combine the convenience of mobile, curated tours, best prices and paperless ticketing to deliver a delightful experience to our users. No more tour brochures, walk-ins, crappy guides or cumbersome payments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details