TITLE: Senior Data Scientist

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Highly motivated self-driven data scientist in statistics / predictive modeling / data quality to lead and guide multi-disciplinary project teams addressing key challenges for different GE businesses. Responsible for coaching and mentoring other lab members. Creation of intellectual property will be a key expectation in this role. Essential Responsibilities As a senior data scientist in the Modeling and Optimization lab, you will create and guide programs to invent and deliver predictive modeling and decision technologies for diverse GE businesses such as GE Aviation, GE Transportation and GE Healthcare. You will lead and drive programs in areas such as statistical algorithms for processing massive time series data, statistical risk modeling and development of novel algorithms for detecting and correcting anomalies in complex data. Typical applications include developing novel algorithms for early warning systems, building models for medical prognostics and systems for anomaly detection/correction in monitoring and diagnostics data. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Time Series Data Quality Predictive Modeling Data Scientist Project management Logistic regression Cluster analysis Time series analysis Java Python SAS R Matlab Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D - Maths, Physics, Statistics Qualifications/Requirements We are looking for accomplished data scientists with 5+ years of experience, track record of project management, and demonstrated ability to invent new approaches and/or apply recent methodological advances in data science to solve applied problems. Candidates should hold an MTech or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Electrical Engineering , Mechanical Engineering or related disciplines with an excellent academic record and practical experience with recent advances in mathematical & computational sciences and statistical modeling. The candidate should have a demonstrated strong foundation in probability, statistical theory with a deep understanding of statistical estimation, hypothesis testing, linear and logistic regression. A solid grounding in applied statistics including expertise in at least one of the following is a must: Reliability models, Bayesian modeling, statistical classification, cluster analysis, time series analysis, forecasting and multivariate statistics. Possessing strong Implementation and Programming Skills in one or more of Java, Python, SAS, R, Python, Matlab is a must. Prior experience working with very large datasets using Big Data tools and platforms (Hadoop, PIG/HIVE/Mahout) is highly desirable. Proven ability to lead complex projects with multi-disciplinary teams and ability to work with global businesses to create new programs is a must.Desired Characteristics PhD in Analytics / physics / mathematics / pure science / Engg PhD / Data Science / Statistics / Computer Science or related field0 - 10 yrs of exp with PhD / MScStrong interpersonal skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsExperience working with Industrial engineering data aviation, healthcare, transportation, energy, oil & gas, etc. Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details