TITLE: Immediate Opening for Android Developer Opening with Inube

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overall job purpose: We are looking for an Android Developer who possess passionate about mobile Responsibilities and Opportunities: - Design and develop native Android Applications. - Able to decide and work individually or with team. - Unit testing for code robustness, usability and reliability. - Bug fixing to improve performance of an application. Qualifications, work experience: BE/MCA with 3+ years of experience Knowledge (Language, IT skills etc.): - Strong knowledge of Android SDK, lifecycle and basics - Ability to understand business requirements - Familiar with SOAP service to connect Android Application to back-end - Experience with threading and performance tuning - Understanding of Google design principles and design guidelines - Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as GIT Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Android SDK Android Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iNube Software Solutions Pvt Ltd iNube is an ideas-led team focused on Cloud infrastructure based Insurance portfolio offerings for Intermediaries and TPA's to optimize productivity and enhance end customer quality of the Service. The product offerings will be Software as a Service model so we enable Corporate's to host infrastructure for early business enablement. Cloud Computing is the new IT delivery model which we believe will significantly reduce enterprise IT costs & complexities while improving workload optimization and service delivery. We wish to become one of the top leaders with a vision of simplifying business application services in the Insurance Domain. iNube product strategy is to provide SaaS based offerings so that Customers can optimize their infrastructure and move into Pay per usage model. We have collected major industry patents and accolades. At iNube, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. We work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details