TITLE: L3 Application Support - Associate Level

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary For the role of L3 Application Support, we are looking for an assertive and a good problem solver with experience in IBM BPM 8.0 and 8.5. S/he will be responsible for the Level 3 (L3) production support for a number of applications developed in IBM BPM and Java technologies. Responsibilities As a part of L3 support team, supporting a number of applications developed in IBM BPM and Java technologies. Analyzing and resolving the L3 level application issues. Ensuring that all issues are resolved within established SLAs. Liaising with development teams for adding new applications to the portfolio. Disaster Recovery (DR) planning and execution. Knowledge Management: maintaining and updating the knowledge base that will help in quicker resolution of future issues. Developing and maintaining reusable components using IBM BPM tool. Procurement of infrastructure components like databases, web applications severs, etc. Personal Traits Assertive, analytical mind-set, good problem solving skills, attention to details, enthusiastic, self-driven, good people skills. Experience/Knowledge Must have: IBM BPM 8.0 and 8.5 development and production support experience. Must have: Experience in core Java, JavaScript, web technologies, web application servers. Nice to have: Experience in UI technologies like DoJo, HTML5, Angular JS. Nice to have: ITIL, PMP. Education/Certification Must Have: Bachelor Degree from an accredited college or university with a concentration in IT or Computer Science related discipline (equivalent diploma /work experience) Nice to Have: PMP, ITIL Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Dojo Core Java Javascript Web Technologies Bpm ITIL Web Application Production Support Application Support People Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DBOI Global Services Pvt. Ltd. About Deutsche Bank & Group Technology and Operations (GTO): Deutsche Bank AG is a German global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in the Deutsche Bank Twin Towers in Frankfurt, Germany. It employs more than 80,000 people in over 70 countries, and has a large presence in Europe, the Americas, Asia-Pacific and the emerging markets. Formed in September 2013, Group Technology and Operations (GTO) brings together the vital Technology and Operations pillars of the Bank, structured to partner with business, infrastructure and regional partners in order to provide quality IT platforms and services, and market-leading client services and transaction processing for the Bank and its clients. As the Bank's processing group our people support front office businesses as well as external clients, and provide core operational transaction and processing services and IT system expertise. GTO is responsible for the Bank's entire IT infrastructure, and the development, implementation, maintenance and protection of the software required to support all About Deutsche Bank & Group Technology and Operations (GTO): Deutsche Bank AG is a German global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in the Deutsche Bank Twin Towers in Frankfurt, Germany. It employs more than 80,000 people in over 70 countries, and has a large presence in Europe, the Americas, Asia-Pacific and the emerging markets. Formed in September 2013, Group Technology and Operations (GTO) brings together the vital Technology and Operations pillars of the Bank, structured to partner with business, infrastructure and regional partners in order to provide quality IT platforms and services, and market-leading client services and transaction processing for the Bank and its clients. As the Bank's processing group our people support front office businesses as well as external clients, and provide core operational transaction and processing services and IT system expertise. GTO is responsible for the Bank's entire IT infrastructure, and the development, implementation, maintenance and protection of the software required to support all of the Bank's businesses. GTO is co-Headed by Kim Hammonds and Jim Turley. About Deutsche Bank & Group Technology and Operations (GTO): Deutsche Bank AG is a German global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in the Deutsche Bank Twin Towers in Frankfurt, Germany. It employs more than 80,000 people in over 70 countries, and has a large presence in Europe, the Americas, Asia-Pacific and the emerging markets. Formed in September 2013, Group Technology and Operations (GTO) brings together the vital Technology and Operations pillars of the Bank, structured to partner with business, infrastructure and regional partners in order to provide quality IT platforms and services, and market-leading client services and transaction processing for the Bank and its clients. As the Bank's processing group our people support front office businesses as well as external clients, and provide core operational transaction and processing services and IT system expertise. GTO is responsible for the Bank's entire IT infrastructure, and the development, implementation, maintenance and protection of the software required to support all of the Bank's businesses. GTO is co-Headed by Kim Hammonds and Jim Turley. of the Bank's businesses. GTO is co-Headed by Kim Hammonds and Jim Turley. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details