TITLE: Quantitative Strategist/developer/researcher - Quantitative Trading

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience : Freshers to 8 years of experience. - Role is to develop high frequency systematic/automated strategies in multiple exchanges across the globe. Education : They hire candidates only from IIT- s/BITS/NIT Computer Science or Mathematics and Computing background. Preferable is 8 or 8.5+ CGPA. Number of roles : 5 (Quantitative strategists) Location : Delhi / NCR / Mumbai / Bangalore / Singapore / Hong Kong / London Role/Requirement : - Strong quantitative skills and academic achievement - Keen interest in financial markets, self-motivated. - Good knowledge of C++ programming. - Good communication skills: Comfortable with explaining complicated models to a wide audience. - Team players and have the ability to come up with solutions quickly and think through these solutions with others. - To meet this aim, we have world-class, in-house built low latency trading platform. We have a very passionate and strong Trading Technology team that keeps looking for innovation to improve performance by the last of the micro-second. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Financial Markets C++ programming Trading Quant Quantitative Strategist Quantitative Trading Research IIT NIT BITS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications :- Drive and passion to lead a team and to work in an open, creative and collaborative startup environment.- Building strategies that are consistently profitable and have a proven track record (not just back tested results); we are open to all market and all asset classes- Excellent Return on Capital- Experience at a top Trading firm or HFT based firm- Excellent leadership qualitiesBenefits :- Exceptional compensation- Competitive Profit sharing options- Location option. Company Profile: Aquis Search Client of Aquis Search Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details