TITLE: Chief Marketing Officer

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description If you are an experienced marketer with a passion for social change and an ability to drive marketing and branding efforts that can help in bringing about an orbit shift in Rang De's brand awareness and communication, then you are just the person Rang De is looking for! As the Chief Marketing Officer you will be responsible for creating and driving innovative marketing strategies that will build our brand and lead to increased awareness and fundraising revenues. Our ideal CMO will have excellent communication and leadership skills and a proven track record in traditional and innovative campaigns across marketing channels. We are looking for a thought leader with strong strategic and creative skills to take Rang De along its next growth trajectory. Assisting in managing our Social Media pages (Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Blog) Monitor Rang De's online presence and help reach out to a wider audience Recognize trends and developments in online media and technology at large and strategise Create effective campaigns across offline and online channels Explore strategic partnerships across channels to expand Rang De's brand equity and outreach Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Marketing Branding Campaigns Online Media Social Media Strategy Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Rang De will expect its Chief Marketing Officer to possess the following skills and experience: Developing high level marketing and brand strategy in line with the vision Deep understanding of traditional and innovative marketing strategies and a proven track record of creating campaigns and initiatives with the objective of increased fundraising. Leveraging social media to grow Rang De's community of social investors Ability to seek out new promotional avenues to support fundraising and Rang De's impact objectives Company Profile: Rang De Rang De (www.rangde.org) is an award winning non-profit social business. With seed funding from ICICI Foundation in 2008 and the second round of growth funding from the Tata Trusts in 2015, we are on a high growth path powered by great design and technology solutions. We will reach 250,000 families over the next 5 years with access to affordable micro-credit for livelihoods, education, vocational training, health and sanitation. We will be targeting specific groups suchcollaps10 as tribals, artisans, small & marginal farmers and expanding across the country - going deep and wide. Be a part of this freedom movement - freedom from poverty for millions of Indians! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details