TITLE: Infovista Developer/administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Administer InfoVista a. well versed with VFK4.2, 4.3 versions. b. Must have hands on experience on VistaMart, VistaDiscovery, VCockpit, IV Servers/Runtimes and Vista portal 2. Perform daily health checks and maintain integrity of production environment by proactively resolving service impacting incidents. 3. Oversee Infovista operation & service desk functions including handling of user reported incidents and service requests. 4. Monitor and report Infovista systems performance 5. Provide operation and end-user support during business and non-business hours. 6. Develop minor enhancements including customized reports, KPIs and automations. 7. Work and coordinate with Infovista for any engineering fixes 8. Validate & deploy product enhancements & bug fixes including in-house and vendor delivered patches, hotfixes and service packs. 9. Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders for incident, problem & change management. 10. Support disaster recovery, business continuity, compliance & audit initiatives. 11. Provide subject matter expertise, document & maintain MOPS and conduct user trainings as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills infovista vistacockpit VistaMart VistaDiscovery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Established in 1991, Collabera is one of the fastest growing end-to-end information technology services and solutions companies globally. As a $440 million IT company, Collabera's client-centric business model, commitment to service excellence and Global Delivery Model enables its global 2000 and leading mid-market clients to succeed in an increasingly competitive marketplace. With over 6500 IT professionals globally, Collabera provides value-added onsite, offsite and offshore technology services and solutions to premier corporations. Over the past few years, Collabera has been awarded numerous accolades and Industry recognitions including. - Collabera listed in GS 100 - recognized for excellence and maturity - Collabera named among the Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses - Collabera listed in GS 100 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; ranked among top 10 service providers - Collabera was ranked: 32 in the Top 100 Large Businesses in the U.S 18 in Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses in the U.S 3 in the Top 100 Diversity Owned Businesses in New Jersey 3 in the Top 100 Privately-held Businesses in New Jersey 66th on FinTech 100 35th among top private companies in New Jersey Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details