TITLE: Project Manager (real Estate IT)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Senior Infrastructure Project Manager is accountable for planning and delivering medium to large size IT Infrastructure projects, to the timescales and budget agreed with the customer, using Shell project management standards and processes. In addition, the Senior PM is required to spend time coaching, developing, and supervising staff on a part-time basis to ensure successful delivery. You will be delivering IT Infrastructure projects relating to Real Estate (construction & people move), and working with our infrastructure service providers (HP, T-Systems & AT&T). This will utilise your skills within Project Management, Benefits Management and Change Implementation Planning and Management. On a daily basis you collaborate with a range of stakeholders including Shell business managers, service providers and onshore & offshore suppliers. Projects will be in Europe, Middle East and Africa but typically managed from India using remote teams. Accountabilities: Defining, documenting and safely executing infrastructure projects, actively driving all phases of the project as defined in the Shell Project Delivery Framework and delivering to agreed timescale and budget. Also ensuring compliance with Group Real Estate IT standards. Providing standard solutions (in line with Group Real Estate IT standards) and functional expertise to the Project with respect to design, procurement and implementation of Cabling, Equipment rooms, WAN, LAN, Wireless, UPS, Telephony, desktop, meeting room and security solutions Engaging middle management stakeholders to ensure that expectations are managed and that the aims of the programme or project continue to be aligned with business needs and strategies as they evolve. Preparing and maintaining project quality and risk plans and tracking progress against the plans, providing regular progress reports to the Customer and steering groups as appropriate. Estimating project costs, timescales and resource requirements in relation to agreed terms of reference. Subsequently monitoring costs, timescales and resources used and taking action where these deviate from plan. Managing a change control process in relation to the project/programme, gain agreement for revisions to the scope from project sponsors, and ensure projects continue to meet business objectives. Evaluating and making recommendations/decisions on technical options as appropriate. Participating in the development of IT infrastructure standards, methods, guidelines, techniques, tools and control structures, particularly in the area of IT project management. Comply with Information Risk Management requirements specified in Shells Project Delivery Framework, including obtaining the appropriate IRM functional sign off. Work with IRM staff to ensure new technology and services deliverables are secure by design. Providing effective leadership to assigned project staff. Responsible for coaching, appraisal, and development of Shell staff and supervision of contractors. Supports team members to deliver successfully through proactive and reactive handling of issues. Ensures compliance with project standards, processes, and controls. Dimensions: Budget: Direct budget accountability for planning, controlling and executing medium/large -scale projects/programmes potentially with budget of over 1.5m USD. Number of direct and indirect reports: Number of project resources depends on project assignment. In addition to managing your project team, you will line manage a small team of PMs and ensure successful delivery of their projects. Special Challenges: Working in a global organization and with major outsourced suppliers of infrastructure project delivery (ATT, HP and T-Systems) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills development lan pm wan wireless service change management desktop risk management procurement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience & Qualifications: Mandatory: Minimum 10 years experience in the IT industry out of which 8 years in Project management & Business change management, with 2 years experience in Construction or Real Estate projects. Bachelors degree in any engineering discipline. You have a successful delivery track record of medium/large sized Real Estate infrastructure projects, managed through to completion (full lifecycle experience). Office build experience for 450 people including office cabling design incorporating multiple satellite equipment rooms. Through effective team leadership, planning, controlling and formally reviewing IT projects, you will have achieved results, including managing multiple projects through to delivery You should hold a relevant PM qualification, ie PMI, IPMA, Prince2 You should be familiar with a range of analysis, modelling and design methods and have good current knowledge of IT standards, methodologies, applications and trends. You should be able to document and provide roadmaps/design documents as required You should be able to present ideas clearly to a wide range of audiences You should have an understanding of the interdependencies of business processes and information systems You should be able to collaborate well in a (Global/remote) team environment, sensitive to clients needs. Preferred: Experience of driving several cross-functional projects simultaneously with budget greater than 1.5m usd. Masters degree You should have a sound understanding of the costs of IT (project and lifetime) and the ability to cost operational IT services Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details