TITLE: Best Hiring Ever - Yaught Manager(goa),call Mehek

SKILLS: Shipping

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CALL MEHEK @ 7829499741" mail id : mehekfathima12@gmail.com Please message me and mail me your resumes, if you find myÂ number busy or not reachable. ROLE TITLEÂ : Yacht Manager ROLE PURPOSE Yacht Manager is responsible for the safety of the passengers, the crew, the environment on board and the vessel, have excellent nautical knowledge, maintenance, engineering and technical practice, as well as experience with accounting, IT, Guest Relations , F&B REPORTS TO CEO Niraamaya EXPERIENCE 10-15 years of overall experience out of which at least 3 -5 years in a yacht , taking care of Guest Relations, F&B and as a personal butler for the guests on board QUALIFICATION Degree / Diploma in Hotel Management LOCATION/ Salary Goa, Upto 15 L p.a KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY KRAS 1 A Yacht manager is in charge of the vessel. They are responsible for the safety of the passengers, the crew, the environment on board and the vessel. They are also in charge of personnel management, navigation, rules and regulations compliance and accounting. They have to be licensed depending on their nationality and the registration, weight and program of the vessel. 2 Calm and charismatic personality * Superior leadership, communication, management and diplomacy skills * Excellent boat handling and navigational skills * Excellent ISM and ISPS knowledge and practices * Excellent maintenance, engineering and technical / troubleshooting experience * Ability to remain calm and give directions in an emergency situation * Organized and methodical * Financial management * Languages are a plus 3 Should have F&B Experience for a minimum period of 5 years 4 Should have an overall Guest Relations Executive experience in the hotel industry for a minimum period of 10 years , out of which 3 5years in a Yacht 5 The person should have worked In a Yacht for a minimum period of 3 years DESIRED SKILLS 1 Assertive, Matured, Focused, Honest, Sincere & Hard-working 2 Strong Analytical, Interpersonal & Presentation Skills. Ability to interact with any level in the organization. 3 Self starter, team-player, team leader. Ability to self-motivate & multi-task. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A. salary upto 15 lacs Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Shipping Role Category:Shipping Role:Marine Captain / Master Mariner Keyskills Accounting Hotel Management Guest Relations Team Leading Personnel Management Maintenance Engineering Communication Management Financial Management Presentation Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BHM - Hotel Management PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Yellow Box HR Services Pvt. Ltd. Hiring for Yacht Manager - Call Mehek @ 7829499741 Talent Aquisition Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details