TITLE: Lead MSBI Developer - Etl/ssis/ssrs/ssas

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The BI Developer is responsible for design, development, testing, and implementation of multiple SSIS packages for the data management initiatives at the direction of the Data Systems Support Manager. A solid understanding of ETL practices, T-SQL, data warehousing, dimensional modeling, and OLAP is necessary. - Candidates must be interested in working in a collaborative environment and possess good client interfacing skills, good communication skills, and be able to work in both a team environment as well as individually. Responsibilities range from designing and planning data movement solutions (ELT and ETL), setting up and configuring Microsoft SSIS infrastructure, creating and deploying SSIS packages, enhancements, and providing solution support. - Ideal candidates will have experience with the Microsoft BI stack (SSIS, SQL Server, SSAS, SSRS, Performance Point, Excel Services, and SharePoint). Experience working with Informatica PowerCenter is a plus. Responsibilities : - Designs and documents specific BI components to address project requirements or solve specific problems: - Creates ETL packages for processing data into a data warehouse. - Writes SQL stored procedures to transform, load, validate, and report data. - Assists with data load related architecture and technical design - Validates ETL or source-to-target mappings - Development and maintenance of database systems to extract, cleanse, transform, load and maintain data - Ensures compliance with industry best practices - Performs code review - Coordinates and develops process automation/job scheduling - Perform testing, code review and defect analysis - Creates test cases. - Works with Business Analyst to understand solution requirements. - Works with other technical partners to understand data feeds, files, and information being reported. - Reports task progress to assigned project technical lead and/or project manager. - Achieves and maintains relevant technical competencies and helps to foster an environment of continued growth and learning among colleagues on existing and emerging technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SSIS SSRS SSAS SQL Server MSBI T - SQL OLAP Data Warehousing Informatica ETL MSBI Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills Required :- A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. A high school diploma, GED and/or equivalent combination of education and work experience may be substituted.- A minimum of 5 years relevant experience with relational and dimensional data modeling and implementation, data warehousing, and ETL (specifically using Microsoft SSIS).- Experience with data requirements gathering, analysis and design.- A minimum of 5 years of technical experience with databases.- A minimum of 5 years writing scripts, functions and stored procedures using T-SQL or Oracle PL/SQL.- Possess strong business acumen and consistently demonstrates forward thinking.- Eagerly and proactively investigates new technologies.- Is able to effectively work with ambiguous or incomplete information.- Has a working knowledge and understanding of architectural frameworks and best practices.- Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills are required.- PowerShell experience is a plus.- Skills Preferred but Not Required:- Azure, PowerShell, and Infrastructure Company Profile: Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Leading client of Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details