TITLE: Opening for Obiee Development for Bangalore Location - C2H

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Trigent Software, Bangalore!!!! This is regarding the job opportunity with our client in Bangalore Location. Please find below job description for the same. About Trigent: Trigent Software is a SEI CMM Level 4 certified information technology services consulting company with offices in Southborough, Massachusetts, U.S. and India. Trigent Software is a member of NASSCOM and is ranked in Software Magazine the Software 500 survey for 2008-10. The company was ranked among top three SharePoint consulting companies in the U.S. by bestwebdesignagencies.com Job Location : Bangalore Looking for Immediate Joinee Experience : 6+Yrs Job Purpose: OBIEE Developments o Having at least 6-8 years of experience in IT with 6+ years of relevant experience in OBIEE 10g/11g BI Tool. o Good experience working in OBIEE 11G RPD developments. o Extensive experience in using Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition Tool 11.1.1.6 & 11.1.1.7 and extensive knowledge of Presentation layer (Report Authoring). o Good experience monitoring, Administration and Security of OBIEE 11G. o Experience in data Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL). o Strong working knowledge in Oracle 10g & 11g and PL/SQL concepts. o Having Good Knowledge of Data Warehousing Concepts. Interested candidate can send profile on khushboo_j@trigent.com Full Name: Alternate Contact Number: Date of Birth: Pan card Number: Current Location: Looking for some Immediate Joinees Looking forward for your updated profile and do refer your friends for the same position Regards, Khushboo Jaiswal Trigent Software Limited Unit II Phone: +91 080-22157000 Ext:214, 9611155056 Email ID : khushboo_j@trigent.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Data Warehousing OBIEE Oracle Business Intelligence Oracle 10G PLSQL Oracle 10g & 11g Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trigent Software Limited Trigent Software is a SEI CMM Level 4 certified information technology services consulting company with offices in Southborough, Massachusetts, U.S. and India. Trigent Software is a member of NASSCOM and is ranked in Software Magazine the Software 500 survey for 2008-10. The company was ranked among top three SharePoint consulting companies in the U.S. by bestwebdesignagencies.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details