TITLE: Software Lead -linux Device Driver

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in developing and debugging Linux device drivers, boot loaders, board support package (BSP) development. Strong experience in Linux kernel, Driver porting/development experience essential with Advanced C and Proficiency in U-Boot, RedBoot or other similar boot loader development. Excellent experience on Linux, porting experience on ARM or any other Architecture. Good exposure on understanding requirements, design, coding, testing of complex and large-scale embedded system projects. Very good C skills Should have worked on the following or any of the following Driver experience Linux Video / Display driver frameworks (Framebuffer, V4L2) Camera drivers Touch screen, Backlight, Key driver Storage drivers- any of this (MMC/SD, NOR, NAND, eMMC/eSD, OneNAND) Filesystem Experience -: FAT, JFFS, Flash File System Good communication and language skills. Key responsibility:- He / She will be driving the Platform software team Should be able to lead / handle a team for 5 and above. Should be capable of lead / managehardwareand software integrated projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Linux Kernel Linux Device Drivers Bsp MMC ARM File System Language Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Profile Description - Device Driver developerWork Experience - 5 + yearsBasic/UG Qualification - B.Tech Company Profile: FossilShale Embedded Technologies (P) Ltd. Fossilshale is the mid size product based company, with a team of tech-savvy embedded professionals with a vision of becoming the best embedded solutions provider to the industry. FossilShale has successfully emerged as a DEPENDABLE PARTNER to its customers in Embedded Systems. FossilShale believes in the fact that challenges indicate a need to innovate and Innovations paired with high quality and ethical business practices leads to growth. This has enabled FossilShale and its customers to be ahead of their competition and to define new markets with new products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details