TITLE: Hiring for PHP Technical Lead for Product Based Company @ Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Exp: 5+Yrs Roles & Responsibilities Technical Lead The Technical Lead will be part of an agile development team, building and working on enterprise grade software systems and will provide technical and team leadership through coaching and mentorship. This role is expected to be technology agnostic and heavily involved in technology, project delivery, coaching and process compliance. Roles and Responsibilities Project Area Collaborate with managers or assigned stakeholders to finalize solution blueprints and determine implementation approach. Provide leadership to the assigned team towards the project vision and clarify what constitutes success. Determine configuration management, environments setup, and agile setup and start project execution. Handle multiple project streams depending on size of project. Ensure delivery quality by complying with Dojo process along with code and design reviews. Handle deployments and provide solid demos of iteration. Support client-facing project owner in client demos. Control projects and minimize crisis stemming from technology factors Provide technology leadership to meet systems functional and nonfunctional (scalability, etc.) requirements Bring a proactive sensing approach to identifying system challenges before it becomes a client issue. Technology Responsibilities Use technology solution footprints and determine project implementation approach. Understand the architectural 4+1 model and steer the changes throughout the course of the project (DB model, OO model and configuration management). Take proof of concepts and build a plan for project delivery. Interface with sales team to provide technology inputs and engineer solutions for proposals (with time estimates). Create and leverage a technology repository of reusable components. Create & validate solutions (oo model, DB model) on assigned projects. Participate in library selection and review process (code, design on assigned projects). Analyze and resolve escalated technical and application problems. Proactively keep up with software updates, security patches, and general trends related to specific project handled. Recommend bold decisions related to technology selection, refactoring and other aspects by considering the pros/cons while balancing constraints such as budget, schedule, etc. Desired Skills and Experience Bachelors/Masters Degree in Engineering or equivalent 5 8 years of experience in IT industry Solid knowledge of PHP MVC frameworks, object oriented programming with design patterns. UI Frameworks - Twitter bootstrap, Jquery, CSS, responsive design, etc. Expertise in GIT/SVN, MySQL , MongoDb, Redis, Cassandra, Dynamo DB, ElasticDb, Linux OS, and other related technologies. Expertise in class design, DB design and module/component design and implementation. Solid scripting and debugging skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills MySQL JQuery PHP MongoDB CSS GIT Dojo SVN MVC Twitter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JANYA IT TECHNOLOGIES PVT. LTD. A Leading Client A Recruitment Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details