TITLE: Senior Manager - Returns Experience & Liquidation Ecosystem

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primarily through a product approach - to automate key processes in the reverse journey and providing a seamless experience to sellers 2. Identify & deploy process innovations - to ensure sellers get the returned products back in the shortest possible time with no changes in the state of items shipped 3. Envision and deploy a full fledged communication program to on board both existing and new sellers onto the returns journey so that they become successful on Flipkart. 4. Build up on the initial returns experience by creating a full fledged liquidation ecosystem with two goals i. value recovery and ii. cash cycle optimization for sellers 5. Evaluate prospective alliance partners, create business models, execute pilots and build a sustainable partnerships for a robust liquidations ecosystem And as an additional incentive, you get the bragging rights of being (probably) the first to solve a lot of high-impact business problems on the returns leg for e-commerce in India with solutions capable of scaling 10x (till infinity). Job Description- Knowledge- A clear understanding of the entire order life cycle in the e-commerce domain (good to have) Good knowledge of business operations and logistics chain for item flows (must have) Good understanding of product development life cycle and requirement gathering through analysis and interviews (must have) Skills- A strong strategic thinker who can execute on a week-on-week, month-on-month schedule Significant influencing skills (across levels) to get goals prioritized in a matrix-type environment Multi-tasker who is as comfortable owning and driving few core initiatives as (s)he is getting people from different teams working on a common goal Strong communication skills to articulate problem statements to different stakeholders and deploy solutions the right way A good business acumen to truly understand the business impact of the problem solves on Flipkart and Sellers Prior experience of running a P&L would be a terrific advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Marketing Keyskills Product Development Business Operations Business Modeling Marketing Market Research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Flipkart Flipkart Flipkart was given wings in the year 2007 by two IIT alumni, Sachin and Binny Bansal. In what has been a stupendous six year journey so far, today we stand tall as India's largest ecommerce marketplace, with the highest sales of consumer electronic products and books, surpassing large offline chains in these categories. With more than a million visitors every day, and a registered user base of 10 million we are one among the top 10 websites in India today. Our focus has always been on making online shopping a delightful experience for customers - and that will always be our core purpose. With rapid growth in internet adoption and mobility, e-commerce is poised to grow manifold, and Flipkart is strongly positioned to leverage this opportunity. Patronage from investors has been encouraging ever since Flipkart was born and recently Flipkart rose over Rs. 6000 crores in funding, reposing investors' faith in us. We aimed to hit USD 1 billion in GMV by 2015, but reached that goal early 2014! Our vision is to be $20 billion Company by 2020. Yes, we have great plans for the future, but we have come this far in a short span of 6 years, largely because we have stayed focused on hiring and retaining the best talent and offering our employees great opportunities for learning, skill development and growth. Flipkart's vision is to be the most preferred destination for ALL shoppers in India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details