TITLE: Looking for Senior Web Developer(adobe CQ5) for Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Position: Sr. Web Developer (ADOBE CQ5) : Work Experience: 3-6 years Job Description Deliver across the entire app life cycle concept, design, build, deploy, test, release and support Build prototypes at tech scoping stage of projects Hands on coding and guidance for the most difficult modules Researching and developing solutions for difficult technical challenges Working directly with clients on the programs and build a strong relationship through expertise. Keep up to date on the latest industry trends in the Web technologies. Skills Required/Desired Candidate Profile 3-6 Years of experience in implementing solution around Web Content Management Experience in implementing solution using DAY communiqu with thorough understanding of OSGi, Apache Sling framework including CRX API, JCR API, EXT-J and web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, , JSON, JQuery, RSS Hands on experience in developing templates, components, widgets, OSGi bundle and OSGi services Knowledge on basic administration task like creating and deploying packages, tar optimization, datastore garbage collector etc Understanding of the various configuration to optimize the author performance Good understanding of the deployment process with in DAY communiqu Provides oversight, planning, and technical guidance to ensure successful delivery of DAY CQ based projects. Coordinates with team to ensure that team is operating in an efficient and sustainable manner in developing CQ templates, components, services etc. Participates in the project design, development, and deployment implementation using DAY CQ. Establish and implement best practices around using the DAY CQ platform. Able to conceptualize and design workflows in CMS Knowledge about configuration and optimization of CMS platform, example Tar optimizer etc. Ensures project developed is held to quality standards through code and design reviews Common - Understanding of other compiled languages Understanding of AB Testing and MVT Good understanding of SEO Desired Candidate Profile Education: B.E/B.Tech. from a reputed Institute Relevant experience of 3-6 years Must have high initiative, leadership qualities, good Interpersonal skills and problem solving abilities. Proven experience in planning, execution and implementation of high quality software projects. Experience in client relationship management. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JSON Ajax RSS SEO Web Content Management Web Development Web Technologies Quality Standards Project Design Design Development adobe CQ5 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Madhees Techno Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Madhees Techno Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Reputed IT Services company Madhees was established in the year 2013; and is encompassed of a committed group of people, who contribute views together about the future of technologies. Our pouring passion is to architecture a world in which we want to live! Madhees is a syndicate of designers, developers, product specialists, technology geeks and theorizers. We are here to transform your view of perspective and recapitulation by making your application - intelligent, functionality - effectual, technique - foremost and outlook - extended. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details