TITLE: Business Analysis Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Analysis Analyst: B2: IE Business Need Overview: GSD Analytics CoE is an arm of PAG, a captive KPO (Knowledge Process Outsourcer) supporting the Global Support & Deployment organization. Over the last several years, DGA/ PAG has successfully established itself as a highly valued business partner across these functions. PAG supports all the three geographies: Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) and APJ (Asia Pacific), supporting over 300 primary internal customers. The desirable candidate will be driven, creative, deeply analytical oriented and yet have the vision to develop solutions in partnership with Dells Business teams that drive value to the business. The candidate should have the ability to work collaboratively in an environment with multiple stakeholders. CAREER LEVEL CRITERIA Knowledge Technical Professional Business Acumen Knowledge of basic principles, methods, technologies and practices of a professional/ technical field. Apply a basic understanding of the underlying principles of a professional discipline - typically obtained through formal study. General knowledge of procedures and activities within own work area. Ability to relate actual day- to-day work to business priorities. Focused on learning the key aspects and duties of the job being performed. Guidance Direction Planning Independence Works under general direction, seeks assistance as needed. Completes work in accordance with accepted practices within field. Establishes approaches for completing assignments. Independently gathers information. Adjusts to multiple demands and shifting priorities; accepts responsibility for results of actions. Works with team to support achievement of project milestones and deliver on internal and/ or external commitments. When assigned to a customer team, supports small project teams or specific components of a customer engagement. Relationships Sphere of Influence Communication Contributes to own team/ closely related teams through quality and accuracy of own output. Understands how work area performance impacts results. Builds productive internal relationships. Collaborates with others to achieve objectives and ensure information flow. Conveys information in a concise and professional manner. Asks effective questions and solicits feedback to understand needs. Anticipates future needs based on past transactions. JOB LEVEL CRITERIA Job Duty Differentiators Assists in conducting studies of alternative business solutions. Supports a smaller group or ion within a functional area. Assists with projects assigned to team. Experience Functional Leadership 4-6 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Skills Technical Functional Leadership Basic understanding of Dells business processes. Competencies Intellectual capacity. Drives for results. Customer first. Engages others. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills business analysis analytics drives functions procedures kpo business solutions methods captive analytical Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https:/ / www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/ T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/ T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details