TITLE: Senior Developer - Ui5,fiori Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Senior Developer S/ 4HANA Cloud Foundation PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Do you want to shape SAPs future in Cloud Business Software at its heart Are you enthusiastic about driving the success of our Next Generation Suite in the Cloud Our first S/ 4HANA Cloud Editions are out in the market. In order to increase our cloud foot print and to accelerate innovation delivery, we have founded a new department. The S/ 4HANA Cloud Foundation will be the link between efficient cloud application development and ease of consumption at our customers. We will focus on three main pillars: develop cloud enablement features like extensibility, analytics, and authorizations handling relevant for all application development areas; provide automated services for cloud application management; drive a network for fast internal adoption of the services and features. Join our growing team at the center of S/ 4HANA development as a Senior Developer. You will work in a small central team of experienced colleagues and young talents focusing on Proof of Concepts for Extensibility and Integration. The result of your work will be an important input for the application development teams in S/ 4HANA, for the teams working on Extensibility and Integration enablement in NW and in S/ 4HANA Cloud Foundation. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS As a Sr. Developer for S/ 4HANA Cloud Foundation, you will be responsible for development focusing on design, coding, testing, quality assurance of complex product features in a development team: Resolve complex issues within own area of expertise and supports others in resolving issues Drive initiative & topics to resolution in a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency Work closely together with others and shares expertise to ensure product success Constantly improve own work methods to gain state-of-the-art agile software engineering Skills. Enhances skills beyond own core functional focus and works on other tasks for the Benefit of the team. Work with teams across organizational and geographical boundaries to design and develop the State of the art architecture for SAP applications in S/ 4 HANA and cloud. Understand the needs of our co-innovation customers and transform them into innovative concepts for products and also play a hands-on role in shaping the product in implementing the requirements. Ensure High quality standards of the product. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES University degree in Informatics/ Computer Sciences or related field. 65% and above through out the education. Advanced overall product and technical knowledge Profound knowledge of development processes and product standards & tools Proven track record in Software Development Experience of working in Cloud and AGILE is highly desirable. Must be: Innovative out-of-the box thinker combined with business acumen Expertise in software development & programming FIORI ,UI5 Strong customer focus required Results-driven combined with quality focus Advanced knowledge of IT principles & Data Security High affinity to development-related topics in IT industry Experience: 6 to 9 years Relevant Experience Reporting to: Karthikeyan V (S/ 4 HANA cloud foundation organization) Career Level : T3 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer ERP Engineer Application Developer SAP Technology Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details