TITLE: Human Resources Generalist

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The HR Business Partner would be responsible for supporting the Asset Management Tech and Ops organization in India by identifying and developing solutions based on business priorities and organizational analysis. S/he will be will be leading Generalist activities like employee engagement, driving talent management agenda, Attrition Analysis, Career Planning & Mobility, people committee initiatives, performance management etc. The incumbent will be partnering with the business to develop innovative HR strategies supporting business objectives. The initiatives will include, Partnering with business for Talent Assessment and facilitate Career Management. Partner with the business in Climate Surveys/ Employee Polls and contribute to analyze the results and drive initiatives based on the findings. Conduct exit interviews, analyze attrition data and develop strategies to manage and reduce the attrition. Facilitate the performance management & development process Develop and implement an effective mentoring framework. Facilitate and strengthen various employee engagement initiatives like People Committee, fun & charity, leadership offsites etc. Communication and implementation of HR policies and program in the LOB Partnering with HRSD in achieving efficient HR operations management for all employee in the LOB Lead specific HR programs across the teams in Bangalore/Mumbai as the case may be. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills asset management proactive pc performance management talent management lotus notes employee engagement hr management career planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations, Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required MBA HR from a reputed institute Min 8 years of experience Good Communication - written and verbal. Exposure to the entire gamut of HR activities Ability to manage multiple tasks while remaining proactive and flexible in style Ability to work collaboratively and develop strong partnerships with clients and HR colleagues Ability to deal effectively with all levels of staff and management Strong PC skills with hands-on experience in Excel, Word, Lotus Notes and knowledge of PowerPoint Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details