TITLE: Manager, IT Infrastructure Support Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Support Manager with demonstrated leadership capabilities and a passion for providing world class customer service and satisfaction. Reporting to the Director of Technical Support Services and working closely with clients and internal teams. The Technical Support Manager is responsible for managing the day to day operations of the team and ensuring the delivery of excellent customer support. Reviewing and enforcing team procedures to achieve Support SLA. Hiring and employee performance and development. Recommending and implementing process improvements. Management of client escalations and determine root cause and implement corrective action. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Experiences leading & managing technical support team in mission critical system projects. Accountable for operational results in terms of team performance standards and metrics and customer satisfaction. Ensures that upper level management is aware of issues regarding platform, products and customers. Requires complete functional knowledge and awareness of company goals and objectives. Drives the scheduling, work plans, technical direction, staffing, performance management and coaching/ development of direct reports. Able to work in a 24/ 7 environment with the flexibility to work rotating shifts Requirements: Bachelor's degree or equivalent in a technical discipline. (Unix and Oracle experience preferred) 7 years of management experience. Ability to lead, motivate and direct a workgroup. Outstanding leadership skills and Customer Service skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong organization skills. Technical Skills: Familiarity with Unix OS. Familiarity with SQL, MySQL. Understanding of networking concepts and protocols including TCP/ IP. Assets: Familiarity interfacing and working with software APIs. Familiarity with Enterprise Java. Familiarity with Unix shell scripting. Familiarity with HTML, XML Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details