TITLE: Senior Digital Production Analyst (Custom Development)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The position will require an ability to clearly communicate technical issues in writing and verbally to both technical and non- technical audience. Candidate will be required to read technical specifications and validate data extracts and reporting based on previously defined business requirements. Candidate will be expected to assist in troubleshooting a variety of issues across multiple environments as a support to the development and production activity of other team members. Candidates should have a grasp of database architecture, solution architecture, web hosting technologies, and system integration using real- time using web- services. He/ She would also be expected to execute operational (administrative and security related) projects with minimal oversight and in tandem with other team members to enhance our offerings. The individual should be flexible and willing to learn as we support different sized solutions across multiple technology stacks. Duties and Responsibilities: Candidate is expected to have significant experience in deploying and securing with multiple major hosting technologies and familiarity with the other significant players (ex. IIS, Apache, Tomcat - various variants) . They should also have experience in system administration for either MS Windows or a *nix variant. Familiarity or past experience with Front & Backend development/ coding/ architecture (ex. Java/ Java script/ JQuery/ CSS/ HTML, .NET: ASP.NET/ c#) would be a plus. Minimum Qualifications: Experience in a supporting role with technical applications and/ or systems Experience in performing data analysis Ability to articulate technical problems verbally and in written form Ability to troubleshoot issues in supporting the development activity of the others in team Has experience in system administration or code development 7 years of experience in a support, systems administration, or development role Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity/ Experience with SQL Familiarity/ Experience with Hosting technology (s) (IIS, Apache, Tomcat - various variants) Familiarity/ Experience with Windows Familiarity/ Experience with UNIX, LINUX environments Familiarity/ Experience in Java/ Java script/ JQuery/ CSS/ HTML Familiarity/ Experience with .NET: ASP.NET/ c#/ Familiarity/ Experience with DataBase systems Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details