TITLE: Senior ETL / BI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The position is primarily responsible for providing hands- on design and implementation expertise in data warehouse, data marts and business intelligence reporting data; and the ETL sub systems for the Enterprise Reporting (ER) team. The positions purpose includes, but is not limited to: Setup/ configuration of the development environment Analysis and design of new and enhanced features for the marketing platform as per business requirements Communication with QA, product and production support teams etc. to deliver new or enhanced features and address issues/ concerns Development of features as per design provided Assistance of Production Support team for troubleshooting issues Development work for automation of operational tasks. Support system patch or version upgrade Assist with reporting tasks Duties and responsibilities Design and develop cubes, reports, and dashboards for BI and Mobile BI Solutions Design, maintains, monitors, and tune SSIS solutions to incrementally load Enterprise Data Warehouse and Enterprise reporting systems. Provide a creative source of ideas/ solutions to address problems strategic and tactical. Design the necessary processes required to support and enhance the ER suite. Assist with supporting, migrating and refactoring reports, dashboards, and mobile BI solutions. Contribute to the improvement of the efficiency of data warehouse team, through scripts, tool code, component development or methodology enhancement. Develops, maintains, monitors, and tunes performance of the SSAS OLAP cubes and data marts Collaborate with developers, project managers, business analysts and business users in conceptualizing, estimating and developing new software applications and enhancements. Assist in defining software development project plans, including scoping, scheduling, providing time estimates for programming tasks and implementation plans. Assist in the definition, development, and documentation of softwares objectives, business requirements, deliverables, and specifications in collaboration with internal users and departments. Develop technical documentation to define the system components, development environment and implementation planning/ strategies Prepare and dispense work assignments, provide guidance, and/ or review the work of other team members. Collaborate with QA team to define test cases, metrics, and resolve questions about test results. Recommend business process flow improvements and clearly communicate problem/ resolution process to project management. Perform root cause analysis (RCA) Work with cross- functional teams during crisis to address and resolve complex incidents and problems in addition to assessment, analysis, and resolution of cross- functional issues. Recognizes and identifies potential areas where existing policies and procedures associated with development requires improvement and helps in the process improvement activity. Update/ create Knowledge Base Articles and case studies as necessary. Assist in the creation and improvement of Knowledge Management Qualifications Minimum qualifications Developer with 6- 8 years of experience required. Previous experience of developing and enhancing large data warehouses Strong experience with SQL Server 2008 and 2012 stack (SSRS, SSAS, SSIS) . Visual Studio BIDS, and TFS. Strong experience with Pentaho, D3 and pentaho Data Integrator (PDI) Knowledge of other BI tools very useful. Multi- dimensional data modeling, ETL development, SSAS development, SSRS reporting all based off of intricate understanding of business process and measures. Creation and tuning of Stored Procedure and MDX queries, Report development, SSIS package development, ad- hoc reporting in response to business reporting initiatives. OLTP data modeling, process flow, stored procedure creation/ tuning, ETL, strong application team interaction including understanding of the underlying data structures. Ability to design and implement solutions that are reliable, scalable, and perform at a high- level to meet the service levels associated with mission- critical solutions. Knowledge of database architecture and best practices for database coding style. Excellent in impact- analysis and root cause analysis. Proven analytical and problem- solving abilities with ability to anticipate and avoid problems. Experience in application monitoring and support of production applications with distributed teams. Ability to define and implement migration strategies from legacy systems to new architecture and technologies. Ability to work well within a team environment that includes geographically distributed team members. Ability to work within tight deadlines and effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment. Strong communication skills (verbal and written) and an ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences. Ability to design and build flexible and extensible systems with focus on code reuse and generation. Experience with writing detailed technical specifications for developers; design, validate and execute software test plans. Familiar with Application Development Life Cycle and be able to independently participate in each components. Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or equivalent Preferred qualifications Technical o Working knowledge of Oracle databases and PL/ SQL, Unix environment and capable of Unix Shell scripting. o Experience in automotive marketing and/ or CRM applications preferred. o Experience with Informatica preferred. Non- Technical: o Good Analytical and problem solving skills. o Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot problems quickly to maintain operational stability. o Motivated to learn new applications and domain. o Possess appetite for learning through exploration and reverse engineering. o Strong time management skills. o Ability to take full ownership of tasks and projects. Behavioral Attributes: o Team player with excellent interpersonal skills. o Good verbal and written communication. o Possess Can- Do attitude to overcome any kind of challenges. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details