TITLE: Graphics Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The Graphics Designer Business Operations is a critical role, enabling BDC to work most effectively with internal and external stakeholders in a hyper- growth environment. This is a facilitative role that requires a combination of focus and flexibility, as well as a willingness to play an active, behind- the- scenes role. The role requires a highly resourceful individual with strong emotional intelligence, self- motivation, integrity, and a willingness to put the companys interest above all else. Duties and responsibilities Create impactful power point presentations/ Microsoft word reports from a look and design aspect. Transform generic, text- heavy presentations into more graphically engaging, concise, and interactive experiences Translate complex ideas and concepts into compelling graphics for use in executive- level presentations. Should have the ability to think creatively and be able to creatively convey a particular message, idea or concept visually. Qualifications Minimum qualifications MBA or similar degree or comparable experience. 1 2 years professional experience (specifically Experience in the visual display of quantitative information) Advanced knowledge of documentation tools MS PowerPoint, MS Word, MS Visio. Strong knowledge in Data presentation, Visualization tools, vectors, infographics, telestrations. Experience in using illustrative tools like Photoshop, Adobe illustrator etc. Creative, with strong analytical skills and graphic design fundamentals. Excellent communication skills (written & verbal) to communicate directly with stakeholders. Should be strong willed, a fast learner and able to adapt to an evolving environment. Ability to multitask and work on a diverse range of requirements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details