TITLE: Programmer Analyst 2- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work with Oracle*s world class technology to develop, implement, and support Oracle*s global infrastructure. As a member of the IT organization, assist with the design, development, modifications, debugging, and evaluation of programs for use in internal systems within a specific function area. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. BS or equivalent experience in programming on enterprise or department servers or systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required SeniorApplications Developer Automation Team Department Description : - This role belongs to GFIC - Global BI Reporting & APEX Automation team which caters to the Reporting& Automation requirements across Oracle Finance Organizations. Team shouldu nderstand the Finance Operations relatedautomation project needs and develop APEX based applications along with automating MS- EXCEL related processes to Web basedapplications . Application developers will be involvedin developing complete end to end applications which simplifiesbusiness/ operational transactions that are manual in nature and providedependency free visibility on web based technologies. Job Description The Senior ApplicationsDeveloper works in accordance with the companys software development lifecycleto develop both new and enhancements to software applications that meetbusiness specification. Primaryresponsibilities include requirements analysis to gain an understanding ofbusiness needs to develop level of effort estimates, development, unit testing, code reviews and creating technical documentation. Additional responsibilitiesinclude performing system analysis, code modifications, and functional testingto troubleshoot application production issues. The ability to quickly masternew technologies as needed, strong written and verbal communication skills, anda focus on delivering a high level of customer service. General Responsibilities Developan in- depth knowledge of the companys development tools, and developmentprocedures. Activelyparticipate in the development and review of business and system requirementsto obtain a thorough understanding of business needs in order to deliveraccurate solutions. Develophigh quality software code in accordance with established company standards anddevelopment guidelines. Producetechnical documentation that accurately depicts the software design & codebase. The documentation needs to sufficiently assist QA testing &production support activities. Performadequate UAT of own & other developers work. At a minimum, unit testingshould ensure all requirements have been addressed, basic functionality works &errors are handled properly. Expeditiouslytroubleshoot application production issues that resolve the issues withoutcausing additional problems. Provide updates to the Application DevelopmentManager and Applications Architect on work in progress, work completed, andwork planned, and issues potentially impacting the on time completion orquality level of work. Technical Experience Strong hands on experience of PL/ SQL and SQLqueries Strong hands on experience of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, AJAX, J Query Experience of Web based application development Exposure to Oracle Application Express (APEX) Educational Qualification M.C.A or B.E/ B.Tech orM.E/ M.Tech in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering field Experience 5 years of experience in applications development, testing, implementation, and documentation of applications Certifications Oracle database certifications will be an value add Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details