TITLE: Content Editor

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Content Editor - Exotel Techcom Pvt Ltd Why work at Exotel We, at Exotel share a vision to make life easier for businesses by integrating two disparate worlds, the world of telephony and the world of the interwebs. Exotel is a very fast growing startup. We work out of a small high- energy office in Bangalore. Building technology for integration is all about the design and implementation of simple, extensbile interfaces using Web standards. We do a lot of cool core infrastructure / distributed- systems work to make sure that our customers phone lines are up and running all the time. And we are always looking for technically very strong candidates to work with us people who love designing and building infrastructure pieces, people who dream about scale, uptime and performance. In- house chef No more mess food! We have our very own chef coming in and cooking healthy lunches and snacks for us every day. Flexible hours Really flexible working hours! The number of hours you put in doesnt matter as long as you deliver the goods. Wear what you want No dress code - we wont judge you if you come to work in your pyjamas Office Parties Office parties are aplenty. We have one every month at the very least. Culture Code of Exotel Our typical tech interview process is very coding- heavy. It looks like the following: A few questions sent to you through email A coding round Two (or three) telephonic / skype rounds (which will involve more coding) One day at our office talking to nearly everyone And if we like to hang out with you, an offer letter on the same day Glory Don't want to go through so many stages Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Content has always played a very immportant role at Exotel. We have focussed on inbound marketing right from the get go in 2011. To begin with, it was the most economical way to reach out to potential customers. As time went on, it became the best way to communicate with our target audience. We are looking for someone to help us take our content to the next lvel. The content editor at Exotel will work with a team of content creators and pretty much everyone in the company to create kickass content. Heres what you need to be An effective writer (do you have a blog or a website where we can read something you've written) A keen eye for editing (you may not always work with writers since we like the entire team to get involved with our content. So, we need someone who can spruce up the stuff they says) Strategise on content distribution Idate (dictate the direction in which our content should grow) Familiarity with tech writing Stoic in the face of data- driven decision- making The ideal person we're looking for has at least 5 years experience as a content writer is familiar with startups, saas businesses, inbound marketng and technology written articles that have been shared widely on social media PS: if this JD made you grimace, you're the person we're looking for! Apply for this position +91 8088- 919- 88 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exotel Exotel Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details