TITLE: Deployment Engineer 1

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary A critical part of the release management process, the deployment engineers primary duty will be to properly move code from various testing environments into the production environment. The secondary duty will be to perform basic administrative tasks in certain software and systems. Duties and responsibilities Carefully deploy code through automated and manual processes from QA/ Staging environments to higher levels, mainly to production. Run provided SQL scripts in production environment. Thoroughly and carefully follow code deployment instructions provided by development teams. Strong and constant interaction with development teams during code deployments. Begin code deployments at scheduled times. The release management process in production is a very time sensitive process. Work with development teams to troubleshoot website and code issues. Basic administrative tasks in Windows Server and various applications, such as account creation, password changes, and account access control. Qualifications Minimum qualifications 4- year Computer Science degree or MIS degree or comparable, and 1 years professional experience Working knowledge of : IIS7 and higher; Windows Server 2003 and higher; Basic understanding of various components of Microsoft SQL Server 2008 (SSMS, SSRS, SSIS, etc.) and higher; Carefully and thoroughly follow provided processes and SOPs. Strong communication skills. Punctual and reliable. Preferred qualifications: Basic understanding of the release management process. Professional experience with basic systems administration in Windows Server. Professional experience using automation tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Release Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details