TITLE: UI/ UX Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Zynga is looking for a Lead UI/ UX Designer to join their growing team! The role will work closely with Producers, Product Managers, Artists and Engineers to concept, design and execute UI features for both web- based and mobile products. You will be responsible for crafting an intuitive, elegant, and engaging user experience that delights our players. You must be passionate about every aspect of the product, including its visual appeal, copy tone and messaging and user interaction, while at the same time understanding how your contributions support the products overall business objectives. Responsibilities: Work closely with producers, art director and PMs to understand business and visual objectives and how to create effective UI design solutions for them Mock up and prototype features according to product specs Document and articulate intended user experiences through the use of presentation or specification tools such as storyboards, user flows, wireframes, etal. Work closely with front end engineers to implement UI solutions and ensure the technology fully executes on the vision. Maintain quality assurance through ongoing self critique of how the UI delivers on its promise Skills and Experience: At least 8 years of UI/ UX design experience Strong understanding of web and interactive design fundamentals Proven graphic design skills, including strength in typography and information/ interaction design Strong understanding of how to create consistent UX across both web and mobile platforms Expert Photoshop and Flash skills Strong understanding of iOS and Android visual conventions and interaction models/ methods Strong familiarity with both Macintosh and PC platforms Strong ability to collaborate with Front End engineering team to ensure UI solutions are properly integrated. Strong understanding of art asset production processes primarily for Flash, and secondarily for Unity Proactive approach to problem solving and maintaining best practices for UI design and processes Strong multitasking, written/ verbal communication skill Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zynga Inc. Zynga Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details