TITLE: Logistics Analyst 1

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Organizes and handles a variety of logistics issues in a manufacturing environment. Duties involve but are not limited to supply chain services, inventory control, critical parts availability, material handling, import- export licensing, shipment of products, and third- party warehousing. Evaluates customer support and field service commitments to ensure customer specifications are met. Serves as liaison between sales and operations teams to develop concepts and coordinate product knowledge; provides data analysis for production planning and volume studies; and participates in process/ rating improvement efforts. Assists in developing logistics plans and procedures. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle is the global leader in advanced business software, hardware and middle ware solutions. In fact, we help drive the success of all 100 companies in the Fortune 100. We're looking for strong candidates with multiple language skills of which English is fluently mastered along with customer service experience, preferably in Hi- Tech environment. In essence, you will take care of and respond to all warehouse and freight related queries in an efficient and timely manner with primary focus to order fulfillment of all spare part orders. You will support all teams within our Hardware Service Support Department which might interface with the Global Spares & Logistics group to ensure customers are receiving the right parts, at the right place, at the agreed time. Responsibilities: Dispatch Queries Act as key interface to Dispatch Team, providing day- to- day logistics support for queries including order creation, rejection & reservations, Stock Adjustments, etc. Triage and correct stuck orders, B2B failures, properly manage manual orders. Make normal communication as easy & flexible as possible yet retaining control over the submission of requests and monitoring their eventual resolution. System synchronicity (Oracle- GSI & DHL- SeLECT) Act as liaison between our Lead Logistics Provider DHL, country Logistic Account Managers and the Logistics Operational Managers in the region. Work together with logistics service providers (DHL) , in partnership related to daily delivery & inventory issues . System synchronicity between Oracle & DHL (inventory, orders, in- transits) . Make appropriate inventory adjustment transactions that affect parts availability. Data Analytics Handle large datasets to crunch, augment and analyse. Produce summaries, calculations and patterns/ trends to describe the data and submit to operational teams to assist the business in critical decisions when changing supply chain rules. Use various reporting tools to download/ upload and manipulate data Use various repositories to store and share data/ results. GFW Team contribution Operational / Admin support to logistic processes which requires many key strokes: All teams monitored, mentored, trained and assisted by the GFW Systems Team (Global Freight and Warehouse) Monitor real- time order processes; ensure out of line situations are identified and escalated to Team leader and corrective actions are communicated to supported function Qualifications & Certifications a graduate, ideally with at least one year experience in a Hi- Tech Customer Service environment, experience in Freight and Warehouse or Supply Chain Management would be an advantage. Excellent written and oral communication skills in English Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details