TITLE: Lead Hybris Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: GE Healthcare has chosen SAP Hybris as its global platform for eCommerce extending to more than 25 countries with a vision to provide best in class shopping experience for our customers .You will be a Lead Hybris Developer and will play a key role in building the product. You have to engage and influence product owner and business analyst to choose the best OOTB solution for platform. You will also be required to independently build complex features and deliver a delightful customer experience. Essential Responsibilities: - Working with Architects and Manager in analyzing business requirements, proposing OOTB solutions and implementing using Hybris eCommerce suite and other required components - Develop Digital Consumer experiences based on a foundation of Hybris. Excellent knowledge of Hybris product, accelerators and available connectors - Preparing High Level Design document. - Setting up Hybris development environments and sandboxes - Diagnosing and solving technical problems related to commerce and Hybris implementation. - Developing and deploying simple custom CMS components. - Coordinating systems integration designs, including high- level and detailed system application and technology diagrams. - Setting up design / coding standards along with the architect and ensures governance through reviews - Taking full ownership of code quality. Follow industry best practices for unit testing, code versioning and build automatio Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - 5 to 10 years of experience. More than 2 years of experience working with Hybris (WCMS, Cockpit, Commerce Accelerator, Search, Payment, Vouchers and Promotions, Security, User Personalization, Impex, Data Modelling, Cache, PCM, Cron Jobs) - Good functional understanding of eCommerce B2B / B2C domains. - Proficient in Hybris foundational concepts and has experience & knowledge of multichannel architecture, data modeling with Hybris, Data exchange and integration. - Expertise in the design and development of web based applications using standard design patterns. - Good working knowledge of Core Java, J2EE, Spring, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Web Services REST / SOAP etc. - Good understanding of object oriented programming, relational databases - Good understanding of development methodologies and processes - Should have worked in agile projects. - Experienced in Continuous Integration. - Excellent communication skills - BE (OR higher) or equivalent degree in college. - Ability to communicate effectively across business and IT functions - Good working knowledge of authentication and authorization mechanisms Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: - Knowledge of tools and products that integrate seamlessly with Hybris - Hybris Certificatio Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details