TITLE: SR. MANAGER - BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Purpose of the Job The key responsibility to improve an organization market position and achieve financial growth. The person defines long- term organizational strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions. Education Qualification / Experience required : - Around 8 years of experience - Post graduate degree / diploma in Marketing - Possess good communication skills, both oral and written Key Responsibilities - Is to prospect for new clients by networking, cold calling, advertising or other means of generating interest from potential clients. - Must develop a rapport with new clients, and set targets for sales and provide support that will continually improve the relationship. They are also required to grow and retain existing accounts by presenting new solutions and services to clients. - He/ she may manage the activities of others responsible for developing business for the company. Task Analysis Indicative Tasks 1. New Business Development. - Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. - Cold call as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities. Meet potential clients, architects, interior designers, PMC, Consultants by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network. - Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organization. - Research and build relationships with new clients. - Participate in pricing the solution/ service. - Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion. * Use a variety of styles to persuade or negotiate appropriately. - Present an image that mirrors that of the client. 2. Client Retention. - Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships. - Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet customer needs. - Arrange and participate in internal and external client debriefs. 3. Business Development Planning. - Attend industry functions, such as association events and conferences, and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends. - Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products, and distribution channels. - Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales. - Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company unique selling propositions and differentiators. 4. Management and Research. - Submit weekly progress reports and ensure data is accurate. - Ensure that data is accurately entered and managed within the company CRM or other sales management system. - Forecast sales targets and ensure they are met by the team. - Track and record activity on accounts and help to close deals to meet these targets. - Understand the company goal and purpose so that will continual to enhance the company performance. - Research and develop a thorough understanding of the company people and capabilities. 5. Other Skills and Qualifications. Networking, Persuasion, Prospecting, Public Speaking, Research, Writing, Closing Skills, Motivation for Sales, Prospecting Skills, Sales Planning, Identification of Customer Needs and Challenges, Territory Management, Market Knowledge, Meeting Sales Goals, Professionalism, CRM, and Microsoft Office. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cherry Hill Cherry Hill Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details