TITLE: DOT NET Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities The . NET Architect will focus on designing complex application architectures to solve business problems. This resource will independently create strategies for the enterprise and then use excellent communication and influencing skills to drive implementation. The ideal candidate will be proposing and presenting solutions, building relationships, soliciting feedback, and finding ways to satisfy the client and be responsible for the following. Providing senior technical advice for high level business information architecture, design, and implementation strategies to deliver high- quality . NET based IT solutions. Leading discussions with client leadership on architecture issues, options and recommendations Identifying key architecture risk items in solution designs Designing creative solutions for complex technical requirements Mentoring development team members and troubleshooting complex implementation issues Advising client teams on development practices and providing group presentations to client and internal teams Required Successful background as an Architect and technical leader on . NET or Java project teams Experience with test driven development, and continuous integration environments Experience with SOA, SOAP, RESTful web services, and JSON Broad understanding of technologies including: J2EE, Java, HTML and Web Page Design, C/ C , Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Internet technologies, SOA standards and protocols and SharePoint Track record of successful delivery of small, medium and enterprise scale solutions Solid understanding of all aspects information technology in large enterprises Desired Strong analytical skills to support various business applications Excellent communication skills Ability to lead and mentor a team of developers Experience in communicating with top management (i. e. ability to explain a data model to CXO) Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical field Good to have Experience in other Microsoft technologies Integration with Social media; Web Services architecture and design Java programming experience Microsoft certification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netra Technologies. Netra Technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details