TITLE: Proactive Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Do you want to be the person who exceeds your potential If you have a desire to succeed and drive your own career, Dimension Data offers you the opportunity to make that happen. Were positioned to lead the change in the biggest transformation that the IT industry has seen in decades and we need your talent, skill, and ambitious ideas. As a Global Top Employer to over 28, 000 great people in more than 58 countries, youll be working with teams across the world. Youll be doing great things for our clients and helping them achieve their business ambitions. Job Description We are currently looking for a Proactive Engineer to support the business in achieving its strategic objective. The primary role of the Proactive Engineer is to deliver proactive, value added technical oversight on the overall service delivery to customers. Proactive engineering is viewed as a key differentiator of the Managed Service (MS) offering, and thats why the Proactive Engineer should at all times operate at the highest professional standards. As Proactive Engineer you need to be able to work well within a team and independently, you should also display multi- tasking skills, and bring a detailed, innovative approach to your role. What we expect you to do Provide technical domain expertise during the transition of services to ensure proper and full establishment of service Provide technical input in setting up roles and responsibilities of various third party vendors Provide on- going technical overlay for service delivery of various third party vendors including incident, problem, change and release management Interpret reports including capacity, service level, CMDB and various other operational reports from vendors and provide customer communication and periodic reviews of the data along with analysis and recommendations Participate in root cause analysis and technical presentation Work with the service delivery manager to continually ensure that the customers satisfaction with the MS offering is high Continually explore potential sales opportunities and provide feedback Participate in service development efforts for additional services as required Continually monitor operational performance and provide feedback to the GSC and vendor managers to drive improved service delivery. Qualifications Here's what we are looking for in candidates for this job BA or BS degree in MIS or related field preferred but not required Minimum of 10 12 years hands- on experience in Legacy PBX systems including Avaya, Nortel and Siemens Legacy Voice TDM and Legacy Voice Mail knowledge experience Network management expertise Voice over IP knowledge preferred. Additional Information Diversity in Dimension Data We have a global culture that embraces diversity. Dimension Data respects the diverse experiences and individual beliefs of its employees. As such, Dimension Data is committed to an inclusive workplace for all and were proud to provide equal employment opportunities for all qualified applicants. Videos To Watch I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Maintenance Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hashtag Talent Hashtag Talent Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details