TITLE: PMO- BFSI

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an urgent requirement for the post of PMO with one of our client in Bangalore Exp:6 to 12yrs Knowledge 1. Excellent understanding of the project lifecycle 2. Excellent understanding of Global Change Delivery Business Transformation Frameworks and best practice techniques. 3. Thorough understanding of the purpose, value, culture and fundamentals of Global Change Delivery. 4. Strong understanding of banking and understanding of how change drives benefits for business, its customers and other stakeholders 5. Understanding of Project Management principles and methodologies 6. Exposure to PMO Services and understanding of PMO Function 7. Knowledge working on PM tools like Clarity or MS project Role Experience:- 1. Extensive project management skills and experience of managing large and complex projects 2. Strong people manager and broad experience in managing large teams of different work streams/geographies 3. Multiple strong examples of the delivery of on time and on budget projects that achieve business case stated outcomes a driver with bias towards delivery at pace and controlling project outcomes 4. In depth experience of working in a banking environment and change projects 5. Good stakeholder management experience, especially impactful communication, influencing and running project governance Implementation, change management and benefits realisation 6. Implementation, change management and benefits realisation 7. Understand the PMO activities, its governance role. Hands on experience as PMO is a desirable but not needed. 8. Proven experience of setting up Project Management Process, Implementing Best Practices 9. Experience manage and control of large and complex change projects 10. Experience working with multiple delivery and business partners teams 11. Experience in Client Facing Role Capabilities/ Skills:- 1. Planning and Plan Management 2. Portfolio Definition and Planning 3. Process Re-engineering 4. Risk and Issues Management 5. Global Mindset 6. Customer Empathy 7. Decision Making 8. Commerciality 9. Lead Self and Others 10. Business Analysis and Design 11. Business Case and Benefits Realisation 12. Change and Implementation Management 13. Financial and Budget Management 14. Tracking, Reporting and Governance 15. Stakeholder Management 16. Impactful communication 17. Resource and Team Management 18. Delivery at Pace 19. Embracing change 20. Achieving excellence 21. Collaboration 22. Problem solving and Critical Thinking 23. Consultancy 24. Innovation and Idea Management Qualifications and Accreditations 1. Managing Successful Programmes (MSP) Optional 2. PMP certification 3. Prince2 Optional 4. Strong Working Experience of Microsoft Office Domain - BFSI Shared Services profiles : Experience working on AML, KYC, any product related to AML like MANTAS or DETICA, Operational risk (MIS) Retail and Wealth Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Project Management Aml KYC Prince2 Business Analysis Banking Operations PMO Process Re - engineering Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Bob Technologies Bob Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details