TITLE: IP Network Planning & Optimization Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : The purpose of this job is to support customer teams and Projects remotely from the NPO service delivery Centerin the IP & IMS network planning and optimization related services. The responbilities will include the tasks in. Network Design, . Network Dimensioning, Detail Planning and Optimisation of IP based networks. Network Planning of Products like Cisco, Juniper, Huwai, ( routers/ Switches, Firewall) Understand customer Network requirement in Telecom Network. Prepare Network planning and High Level Design of the Network. Database preparation and IP Planning for above mentioned products. Provide documentation of the Planned Network. Able to performe individually Technical Skill : Good knowledge in IP based technologies, protocols such as TCP/ IP, Routing Protocols like OSPF, BGP, RIP, IS- IS , MPLS, Traffic Engineering, QoS. Understanding of IP planning, Configuration (Cisco/ Juniper etc) NE Prefferred: Network planning experience for Cisco/ Juniper, any tool experience on Network Plannnig, IP planning for any Telecom Network Hands- on experience on Cisco and Juniper based Routers, Cisco L2/ L3 Switches, and Network Security platform. Experience of IP Planning/ Design on Telecom/ ISP based networks like CS/ PS Core, MPLS Backbone, Next Generation Elements like Charging System/ Next Generation HLR/ IMS preferred. Strong Technical and Communications skills with excellent conceptual knowledge. IP Certifications on Cisco/ Juniper like CCNA/ CCNP/ CCDP/ JNCIA/ JNCIS preferred. Good Configuration and troubleshooting experience in Routing/ Switching. Good understanding of operator business drivers and technologies in the IP network areas. Ability to link the customer requests to our services and service development Customer consulting & project handling experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Network Planning Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovis Telecom Services Pvt. Ltd. Innovis Telecom Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details