TITLE: User Experience Developer 2- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for creating, evaluating and modifying prototypes to support evolving hardware and software application development. As a member of the User Experience team, you will develop and apply software design/ usability processes in the investigation of technical problems. May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective analyses. Provide product usability, evaluation and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of applications/ systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and conversational user interaction. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal structures for product in development. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically one year of software engineering or related experience needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Oracle Applications User Experience Group designs and tests user interfaces for Oracle products. The Usability Lab Team has an opening for an Application Developer with 3- 5 years industrial experience with building Applications that are a part of an Enterprise Software suite or are extensions to existing Applications. Responsibilities: Develop and Build Applications using Oracle's Technology stack. Leverage JDeveloper and Applications Development Framework (ADF) to build Enterprise Applications . Interface with User Experience and Development Teams to build, maintain and extend Applications. Qualifications: *Knowledge of building Applications in Java EE is required. *Work experience building Applications using an IDE is highly desirable. *Programming skill in html, Javascript, PHP, Oracle Portal, Jdeveloper and other Oracle tools is highly desirable. *Degree requirements are BS/ MS in computer science, IT, or other technical computing field. *The ideal candidate has excellent English communication skills and is able to explain Oracle systems to non- technical audiences. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details