TITLE: Web Development Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Creating a rich online shopping experience for our customers by use of technology is our first priority. Such that, gifting something never becomes a pain for anyone sitting anywhere across the world, no matter how fast the internet is, or which device user is using. We strive to provide best possible experience to user on our website Responsibilities: Using server side coding, seamlessly integrate client side code with server. Making APIs required for AJAX . Making primitive changes in visuals as per the requirement. Have to take care of everything right from userrsquos browser to database layer. Design and develop core e- commerce features using latest technology solutions. Operationalize cool user interfaces into clean, maintainable & standards- compliant code. Understand the business and proactively identify problems and bottlenecks. Be an advocate for an extensible, scalable and maintainable design. Requirements Strong web development using Core Java , JSP, Servlet, Tomcat. Solid coding, problem solving and debugging skills. Strong sense of ownership and drive, attention to detail. Ability and willingness to pick up new technologies. HTML, CSS & JavaScript proficiency. Knowledge of web standards and cross- browser compatibility. Experience with MySQL is a plus. Must be an independent problem solver. Can work independently to deliver solutions . Must be able to leverage open source communities to find solutions to problems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Winni Winni Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details