TITLE: Lead - Software Engineering - Non production environment

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Unit Overview Fidelity Investments Management Technology (FIMT) is the business unit that provides application, system and IT infrastructure services for multiple Investment management and advisory businesses like Fidelity Management and Research Company (FMRCo) , Fidelity International Limited (FIL) , Pyramis Global Advisors (PGA) , Strategic Advisors Inc. (SAI) and Investment operations across Boston, Merrimack, Raleigh, London, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangalore. The FIMT India Non- Production Environment support team provides support to multiple critical applications and data batch cycles running on Unix, Linux and Windows servers. The support is provided to engineering and quality assurance groups to enable them to carry out development and testing activities and certify the products to move to production. The position is for a India manager (technical) , who can lead the team of highly skilled professionals and provide services to our customers. Role Description The Lead- Software Engineer is required to manage the following responsibilities: Ensure consistent and smooth services to our partners / customers Undertake and Lead environment and production stability intiatives to stabilize environments Motivate and lead a team of technical professionals to deliver consistent and uniterrupted services Resolve incidents / service requests, perform trend analysis, root cause analysis and provides solutions Make presentation to CXO level partners Collaborate with across border teams and set goals and direction for this team Work with engineering partners to build governance criteria and certify the same. Prepare and present performance metrics for the team Participate and lead cross- organization programs Address team concerns ensure high partner satisfaction scores Candidate Description Oracle PL/ SQL Unix/ Linux Commands, Shell scripting Good Analytical and problem solving skills Experienced in developing high performance teams Ability to manage and drive high impact incidents Possess appetite for learning through exploration and knowledge sharing Ability to take full ownership of tasks and projects Customer / partner management Behavioural attributes Energetic and self- motivated Strong communication skills (verbal / written) Team player with excellent interpersonal skills Relationship building and influencing skills Possess Can- Do attitude to overcome any kind of challenges Exclusions The above job description does not include all job responsibilities. This position may be required to perform related duties other than those specifically presented in this description. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelor / Master degree in any field. Working in cross border matrix structure teams. Experience in supporting Java based applications Experience of 10 years in the IT Industry (experience in a DevOps role is a plus) . ITIL v3 certified OCA / OCP certified Knowledge of Asset Management Concepts is a plus. Company Profile: Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details