TITLE: Urgent Requirement FOR DC OPS L1

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Incumbent should open for 24X7 operations Should have relevant experience on server support and ticketing tools should have good knowledge in UNIX, Windows and basic knowledge in Networks Experience on production UNIX and WINDOWS servers. Ready to work in only (24x7x 365 model) Fundamental knowledge of Networks Good troubleshooting Skills Exposure to any monitoring/ticketing tool, VERITAS Netbackup and Backup Exec. Good communication skills Will be working on Server Monitoring, Hardware Monitoring, Network Monitoring, Backup Monitoring, Batch Job (Job Scheduler), ITSM Tools (Remedy, Service Now) etc... These are the standard tools we use for DCMonitoring. It is not necessary in all project we will have these tools. Real time acknowledgement and ownership of IT infrastructure alerts. Quickly address the critical alerts and follow up with respective teams till the resolution. Work as a central point of contact for all technical support teams and provide up-to-date information for on-going incidents/alerts. Handle L1 troubleshooting, diagnose the issue and try to resolve alerts at your end to balance work load of L2 technical support team. (In few Project Customer will not allow this due to access issue.) Salary:INR 50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Networking Windows Backup Exec Technical Support Server Support IT Infrastructure Network Monitoring Server Monitoring Communication Skills Troubleshooting Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Best RPO HCL Comnet Found in August 2009, Best RPO has the birthright and the lineage that you should demand from any Service provider. Best RPO Offers right from the executive search to specialised staff to Business Heads, VP's Directors. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details