TITLE: Business Intelligence Analyst

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert in Order management and Care domain. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Applying analytics solution on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to external customers/clients/ IT. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined policies and practices to determine best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. May provide mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Should have excellent skills in problem solving, develop business case, Consulting experience including consulting VPs/ SVPs , handled cross functional projects involving Supply chain and Sales operations, Experience in developing BRDs, Evaluating Project financial Cost benefit assessment. Responsibilities Communicates tactical process decisions and plans, project status, and issues and workarounds, in order to achieve alignment with relevant areas of the business, function, or region. Develop business case, evaluate project cost benefit analysis and decide on project go forward Leads internal projects with medium to high complexity and risk, provides feedback on projects, and conducts post- project evaluations. Represents the needs of the business, function, or region on an ongoing basis to drive process improvements. Collaborates with operational teams and business stakeholders to gather business requirements, supporting the design of new or improved processes of medium to high complexity, and understand business/customer impact. Utilizes and assists others in utilizing standard project management and quality improvement methodologies in process improvement approaches. Establishes processes which are consistent with overall organization objectives and maintains process documentation. Assess Business requirements and develop BRDs and interlock with IT teams Develop medium to long term Business Intelligence and analytics roadmap Education and Experience First-level university degree or equivalent experience; advanced university degree preferred. Typically 6-10 years of related experience in IT/business operations. Typically 5-8 years of project management experience. Six Sigma black belt preferred, Expertise in Analytics tool : Minitab / SAS/ R mandatory Project management training / certification preferred Hands on experience in systems : EDW / SFDC / OSS / SAP fusion / Velocity / Vista Expertise in Supply chain domain preferred Knowledge and Skills In-depth knowledge of company operational processes, industry trends, and customer/partner requirements. In-depth understanding of core company businesses and the revenue cycle. Excellent communication skills (i.e. written, verbal, presentation), leadership, and influence skills. Mastery in English and local language as well as other languages as required. Strong business experience in multiple process areas with excellent project management and process development skills; ability to drive process improvements using industry standard quality improvements tools and concepts. Strong project management skills such as planning, execution and implementation. Solid financial and business acumen. Impact/Scope Contributes to business- or function-wide processes/programs that impact multiple business units and/or countries. Typically partners with internal clients at the Director and above levels. Knowledge and Skills Required Strong communication skills (e.g. written, verbal, presentation); mastery in English and local language as well as other languages as required. Advanced knowledge of internal processes and policies. Solid understanding of local legal compliance issues. Advanced problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong teamwork skills. Advanced time management skills. Basic project management skills. Basic mentoring and coaching skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM - Analytics & BI Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Com - Commerce, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.S/M.D - Any Specialization, Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an IT Services and Workforce Management Solutions company (ISO 9001:2008 certified) based out of Bangalore offering various services to PAN India customers in multiple verticals of Industries. Volantis is a part of a Group Company with diverse business verticals into IT Services, Consulting, Real Estate and Property Development. For more details, please login to www.volantis.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details