TITLE: WLO Bilateral Loan Ops / Flood / Associate / 601

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: People and resource management (e.g. people development, attrition, pipeline/ skills monitoring, training programs) for the team. Maintain effective and standard operational processes Improving and maintaining a controlled environment (e.g. necessary control activities along with process flow implemented, appropriate control tools in place, team members fully understand risks and related controls) Manage relationship with internal clients, anticipate needs, take feedback, run conference calls. Act as a point of contact for escalations and high priority requests from internal clients. Monitor and actively prioritize workloads. Send early warning reports if workloads impact turnaround time or quality parameters. Take responsibility for the quality of work submitted and ensure that the highest standards are maintained. Identify/ manage risk and control breakdowns. Manage the performance management cycle- Objective setting, development and career planning, performance appraisal and reward & recognition. Conduct regular team meetings, 1: 1s, and coaching sessions. Improve the departmental competency rating via use of staff training and the skills matrix. Develop and maintain written procedures and training materials as necessary. Manage projects and conduct User Acceptance Testing for enhancements to current systems or migration to new system. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Graduates with a minimum of 7 years experience in a bank, financial services, compliance, risk management or other service or environment. Strong Interpersonal skills. Should be able to communicate at all levels. Behavioral skills, Leadership, Problem solving and time management Strong planning, negotiation and analytical skills Excellent business writing and verbal English communication skills Proficient use of PC software for document and worksheet preparation/ presentation Strong control and quality management skills; accuracy and attention to detail is vital. Assertive and self- confident. Previous experience of change management (e.g. new system implementation , business restructuring) within the organization Excellent coaching skills. Good delegation skills. Well developed negotiation, persuasion and influencing skills Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details