TITLE: Senior Security Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior level position that performs security analysis on existing or new products and provides security guidance and input to product engineers. Works on problems of varied scope independently and able to drive strategy for Product Security in the limited scope of work. Normally provides general guidance and/ or direction on routine work to achieve overall program performance, schedule and quality standards. Responsibilities: Performs tasks of assigned scope involving product security analysis and providing security guidance on potential security issues in software components. Applies established security principles and practices to complete assignments and ensure quality output. Communicates technical issues within scope of assignment. Able to drive negotiation in the interest of security. Assists in the provision of security guidance materials and training for product engineers. Conducts reviews of specific security fixes as necessary. Performs overall security analysis of developed software and reports on overall security status and specific identified issues Able to guide product development teams on design changes as per security requirements. Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills, Abilities) Expert in at least 2 of these areas System Security, Network Security, Applied Cryptography, Reverse Engineering. Proficiency in Unix System Internals - - FreeBSD highly desired Proficiency in a programming language (s) (e.g. C, C , Python) Excellent capabilities to identify security vulnerabilities and root cause analysis. Demonstrated understanding of Computer Science fundamentals (Mainly OS, Networks) . Solid understanding of most common software vulnerabilities and standard secure coding practices. Solid understanding of software lifecycle process, and security development lifecycle. Education and Experience BS degree or equivalent in computer science. Equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education. Relevant experience in Product Security 1 to 8 years. Note: The job title will vary based on the experience the incumbent brings (Software Engineer/ Senior Software Engineer) *LI- PU1 Functional Area: Software Developmen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details