TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: Description: The individual will be a member of SHS Region IT team responsible for leading deployment activities in supply Chain domain. The Individual is responsible for overall project schedule and work in concert with regional functional teams and global IT teams to ensure program objectives are met. Essential Responsibilities: Key Responsibilities Include: - Creates holistic project plans that encapsulates all aspects of the project (resource supply/ demand, budget, milestones, etc) and works with all project members to ensure achievement of plan by clearly defining hand off points between teams, inter dependencies and functional engagement points. - Understand the GEHC strategic platforms and processes to deliver the most optimal solution - Ensures alignment of regional deployment priorities with Global deployment plans. - Engages key cross- functional business and IT stakeholders to influence feature prioritization and deployment roadmap. - Serves as a key liaison for functional and IT team to ensure successful project delivery and business objectives are met. - Establishes project communication mechanisms including regular updates to functional leaders, key business stakeholders, senior executive teams on a regular basis. - Manages PM tollgate process within Daptiv. - Manages all aspects of one or more projects concurrently from initiation through closure - Uses data driven approach to monitor project progress and identify risks/ issues. - Ensure a robust and transparent risk management process; including time, budget, scope, benefits and inter dependencies as well as the associated plans to contain and/ or mitigate risk. - Has accountability to resolve and/ or escalate issues to ensure timely mitigation. - Manages daily activities, issue resolution and communication across project execution teams in order to deliver projects on- time, on- budget, as- requested by customer. - Establishes and manages client relationships where appropriat Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - - Bachelors Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related technical discipline or minimum six years IT experience of which three years should be in project management or equivalent. - Demonstrated project management skills including project initiation, scoping, resourcing, scheduling, expense and investment budgeting, risk management, communication and Project management experience in global environments. - Manage requirements life cycle by engaging with relevant stakeholders through the SDLC process. - Demonstrated ability to excel in a global matrix organization. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to interface and influence at all levels in the organization. - Awareness and ability to deliver compliance requirements. - Analytic, creative and business focused problem solver Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: - Experience in the Healthcare industry process. - Knowledge of Supply chain and / or Services domain - Experience with ERP/ CRM systems will be an advantage - Lean / Fast works / Agile experience - Flexibility and ability to learn new technologie Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details