TITLE: FAE, Sr I

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A Field Applications Engineer (FAE) is the technical business driver and customer advocate responsible for providing pre- sales technical support for Logic Libraries from the Synopsys DesignWare Intellectual Property (IP) . This position is based in Bangalore. A logic FAEs responsibilities primarily include: 1) Providing direct technical customer support for Synopsys IP products in order to understand customer IP requirements, provide information about Synopsys IP and build strong customer relationships. 2) Run engagements on cutting edge technology nodes where one has to set up flows and methodologies to show case Synopsys libraries and memory products and to bring out the best in them 3) Working with the sales team to be the business driver for IP pre- sales activities within the region. 4) Providing status & customer feedback on new& existing requirements for the logic library products Qualified applicants will have a BSEE, MSEE preferred, and 7 years of SOC design experience. This should include ASIC design with experience using place and route tools. Deep understanding of design methodologies is required, with emphasis placed on the backend physical design process. Knowledge of the front- end design process or experience with Place and Route, Timing signoff, Synthesis, Extraction, and LVS/ DRC are a plus. Synopsys tool experience is desired, but not required. Excellent verbal and written presentation and communication skills are required. Customer sensitivity, the ability to multiplex many issues & set priorities and have a helpful/ caring attitude towards customers, and the desire to assist customers exploit new technologies are essential for success in the position Good written and verbal communication skills and problem solving skills are required. The role requires travel (up to 30%) . Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience. Possesses a solid understanding of specialization area plus working knowledge of one other related area. Resolves issues in creative ways. Exercises independent judgment in selecting methods and techniques to obtain solutions. Executes projects from start to completion. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. Determines and develops recommendations to solutions. Works on team- driven or task- oriented projects. May guide more junior peers with aspects of their job. Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synopsys (India) Private Limited Synopsys (India) Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details