TITLE: Hybris Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: GE Healthcare is investing in Hybris as its eCommerce platform for all regions globally. Over the next 2 years the site will be made available in more than 25 countries . The vision for platform is to build a best in the class customer shopping experience for GE Healthcare customer. You will be a product developer and should have the ability to delight the customer by building true eCommerce features. Having right customer focus will be key expectation from this role. Essential Responsibilities: - Actively engaging in understanding requirement. Raising the right questions during the requirements call to get clarity. - Building Digital Consumer experiences based on a foundation of Hybris and following the best practices recommended by the product. - Preparing low- level design document. - Setting up Hybris development environments and sandboxes - Diagnosing and solving technical problems related to commerce and Hybris implementation. - Developing and deploying custom CMS components. - Understanding performance bottlenecks and contributing to closing performance issues - Supporting UAT. Closing defects on time and first time right Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - 3 to 5 years of experience. More than 1 years of experience working with Hybris (WCMS, Cockpit, Commerce Accelerator, Search, Payment, Vouchers and Promotions, Security, User Personlization, Impex, Data Modelling, Cache, PCM, Cron Jobs) - Proficient in Hybris foundational concepts and has experience & knowledge of multichannel architecture, data modeling with Hybris, Data exchange and integration. - Expertise in the design and development of web based applications using standard design patterns. - Good working knowledge of Core Java, J2EE, Spring, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS etc. - Good understanding of object oriented programming, relational databases - Good understanding of development methodologies and processes - Should have worked in agile projects. - Experience in Continuous Integration. - Excellent communication skills - BE (OR higher) or equivalent degree in college. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: Hybris Certification.Product Development approach to software developmen Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details