TITLE: Manager - Key Accounts

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Key Account Manager Level PM / Sr. PM Years of Experience 10- 15 years Job Description Responsible for achieving sales goals and executing sales plans within an assigned sales territory and/ or account. Responsible for securing and maintaining distribution of services and maintaining effective agreements. - Provide value- added solution through consultative solution approach - Shall be Single Point of Contact for Identified Key Accounts and manage relationship with senior leadership. - Establishes, develops and maintains business relationships with current customers in the assigned territory/ market segment to generate business for the organization. - Conducting opportunity risk assessments and forecasting - Developing account plans. - Work with Delivery Head / Delivery Manager to Create MIS of all the projects of Identified Key Accounts with their execution Plan. - Work with Delivery for meeting the overall top line and bottom line targets. - Work with Delivery Head to develop intelligence on future projects. - Provide leadership to the BDS Team in pursuing the Identified accounts and building the right capability offerings. - Manage sales plans of Identified Verticals with respect to service Portfolio. - Interact with delivery organization to share/ learn best practices, provide feedback on service gaps, new opportunities and service portfolio rationalization. - Matching customer business objectives with the self service solutions that deliver value to the customer. Experience - Experience related to account Planning/ Account management Essential - 4- 6 years of Sales experience in Engineering Services Essential - 4+ years of onsite experience (coordination / Design Development / Account Management) with Global customer (USA, Canada, UK) Essential - Proven success in managing large account relationships Essential - Automotive industry knowledge is preferred - Desirable - Good working knowledge of Embedded Systems Essential - Good understanding of Product Development Life Cycle and CMMi practices Essential - A team player and able to work in a Matrix organization. - Good understanding of Test Engineering, Test Automation Desirable - Good understanding of HiL, NI based tester development Desirable - Ability to develop senior level business relationships with customers Desirable - Possess high sense of quality sales, account management, service solutions, relationship management, customer relationship management, direct sales, hardware software solutions, pre sales - Essential - Good general IT skills - MS office, Visio - Essential - Excellent Presentation Communication Skill Essential - Good verbal communication and documentation - Essential - Willingness to travel within India and abroad - Essential Valid Passport Essential Education Electronics / Electronics Communication / Instrumentation / Mechanical engineering degree (Full time) . Full time MBA - would be an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Test Engineering, Test Automation Company Profile: Satincorp Technologies Inc Satincorp Technologies Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details