TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Fusion Applications SaaS QA team works on overall Fusion Application release trains prior to hand off to SaaS and Cloud Operations team. Key ownership areas involved are Fusion Provisioning, Patching, IDM integrations with FA, FA OVM template, SDI and Cloud service integration with FA. As a member of the software product development division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Automation development has been one of key drivers and deliverables of this team. There is internal infrastructure of server farms that are completely developed and catered to testing efforts. We need people with a passion toward customer satisfaction and expertise in distributed systems, virtualized infrastructure and highly available services. An entrepreneurial fast paced mentality is critical for success in this position: a passionate can- do attitude, exceptional communication skills, and the ability to collaborate while acting. As a member of this team you would be responsible and work towards: Latest technological aspects that are underlying in Fusion Applications foundation and infrastructure for SaaS and Cloud deliverables. Few being OVM, OVS, SDI and Cloud Services, ZFS Storage and Database while contributing to Product development aspects of Fusion releases. Infrastructure design and automation development Enjoying administrative role and responsibility of core services Collaborate with developers, engineers and providing great customer experience for both internal and external Research and implementation of any best tools and techniques for the benefit and productivity of the organization. Job Responsibilities: Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. - Work on an automation frameworks for the internal infrastructure and testing. - Writing and executing test plans and test cases. Creating and maintaining test documentation. - Creating scripts to automate creation, maintenance and monitoring of applications and related middleware/ databases. Technical skills: - Experience in QA, Scripting, DB, Java. - 3 years of experience in software engineering or related experience. Building experience in automation frameworks. SQL DB skills, Shell scripting, perl, python - Experience with virtualization technologies (Xen/ OVS/ Vmware) . - Strong troubleshooting and performance tuning skills. - Hands- on experience in testing server based software products or technologies. - A good knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle Processes. - Excellent verbal / written communication, analytical and presentation skills. - A good exposure to automation concepts with proven skills of at least one of the automation tools like perl, shell, python scripting. - Ability to think independently, to quickly learn and flexibility to adapt new technologies and processes. Atleast 4 of following specific requirements: - Knowledge and experience with Linux, especially Oracle Enterprise Linux. - Knowledge and experience with xen hypervisor and creating/ managing virtual machines under xen. - Knowledge and experience with Oracle OVS, OVMM and EM. - Knowledge and experience with network routers/ switches, firewall, and protocols. - Knowledge and experience with filer management and storage provisioning on Sun filers running ZFS. - Knowledge of at least one of these scripting languages: Bash, Csh, Perl, Python etc. - Knowledge and experience with Oracle databases and administration, Backup and restore, mysql, SQL. Additional Skills: Candidate must be self- motivated and highly organized. Must have the ability to work without extensive guidance as part of a fast- moving team - Excellent problem solving, analytical and prioritization skills - Self- starter, able to deliver projects on time meeting high quality standards - Customer- focused, aggressive, ability to find solutions Qualifications: - BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details