TITLE: Systems Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Senior Systems Engineer, you will interface with the customer*s IT staff on a regular basis. Either at the client*s site or from a remote location, you will be responsible for resolution of moderately complex technical problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use and repair/ workarounds for Oracle products. You should be highly experienced in some Oracle products and several platforms that are being supported. You will be expected to work with only general guidance from management while advising management on progress/ status. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. Because of substantial customer interfacing, a demonstrated ability to work with customers on an independent basis with exceptional communication skills, while consistently achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction is essential. A Bachelor*s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience is preferred with five years related experience. Experience with Oracle*s core products, applications, and tools is important. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Solution Support Engineering (SSE) group is a part of Oracle's Advanced Customer Support- . SSE provides technology solutions and support to some of the most premium customers in North America and the list of customers includes most of the Fortune 100 companies. SSE solutions and support services covers a wide spectrum of Oracle software and hardware products like the Core RDBMS software, Oracle applications, fusion middleware, ERP solutions, Exadata, Golden Gate, Weblogic etc. SSE works in the reactive and proactive spaces for the customers. Reactive work includes helping the customers resolve their critical production issues and proactive work includes performing technical assessments of their environments, consulting, helping them in POC projects, providing knowledge transfer sessions, implementations and configurations, onsite help etc. Requirements - Minimum 5 Years experience as a Oracle database engineer/ DBA - Very thorough and clear understanding of Oracle Database Architecture - including the latest version or Oracle. - Extensive knowledge and solid troubleshooting experience in the following areas RAC, ASM, Exadata, Performance tuning, Data Guard (Physical and Logical) - Including active dataguard and DG broker, RMAN - Experience in handling complex database recovery scenarios - Experience in troubleshooting various installation and patching issues - Experience in Golden Gate and Exadata is preferred - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. - Ability to work under pressure - quick thinking and remaining calm during stressful situations. - Willingness to work in shifts and on weekends . - Ability to quickly grasp complex technical issues. - Appetite to learn new technologies and constantly improve technical skills. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details