TITLE: Senior Member Technical Staff 1 - Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Understand overall architecture of the product and the dependencies IN ORDER TO develop new code and fix current bugs. Plan, strategize, develop and implement unit test and integration test strategies Participate in customer support activities by means of working on Customer bugs, patch releases etc. Understand and influence product road map Own the quality, schedule and plan for assigned modules Be responsible for mentoring junior members by identifying skill gaps and providing a plan to fill the same Skills and Experience Required Have experience in Enterprise product domain. Strong technical acumen/aptitude - ability to discuss the technical details of projects worked on. Strong skills in File System area VFS, File System Internals, Block Layer, Caching, inodes, super blocks, journaling, etc Strong skills in advanced Data Structures Linked Lists, Binary trees, Binary search trees, B trees, B trees, R&B Trees, hashing tables and algorithms, etc System/Kernel programming and debug skills Interrupts, Locking mechanisms, Threading, stacks, Heap, memory layout of a process, etc Good communication skills - ability/experience of working in a Cross-Geo team. Good team player Experience 9 - 12 years of experience in software engineering role for enterprise software product. Personal Traits Strong cognizance skills, analytical & problem solving skills Highly detail oriented, self-managed and organized, pay specific attention to technical details. Excellent communication skills with a passion to excel in technical path Leadership traits to lead fellow and junior engineers and take technical decisions Understanding industry trends and inclination towards innovationRequired Skills Key Responsibilities Understand overall architecture of the product and the dependencies IN ORDER TO develop new code and fix current bugs. Plan, strategize, develop and implement unit test and integration test strategies Participate in customer support activities by means of working on Customer bugs, patch releases etc. Understand and influence product road map Own the quality, schedule and plan for assigned modules Be responsible for mentoring junior members by identifying skill gaps and providing a plan to fill the same Skills and Experience Required Have experience in Enterprise product domain. Strong technical acumen/aptitude - ability to discuss the technical details of projects worked on. Strong skills in File System area VFS, File System Internals, Block Layer, Caching, inodes, super blocks, journaling, etc Strong skills in advanced Data Structures Linked Lists, Binary trees, Binary search trees, B trees, B trees, R&B Trees, hashing tables and algorithms, etc System/Kernel programming and debug skills Interrupts, Locking mechanisms, Threading, stacks, Heap, memory layout of a process, etc Good communication skills - ability/experience of working in a Cross-Geo team. Good team player Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Any Graduate Company Profile: Micro Focus Micro Focus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details