TITLE: Lead Image Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5- 6 years Relative Experience Desktop OS Image preparation Experience in building a standardized desktop image suitable for automated deployment on disparate hardware platforms using an enterprise systems management platform. - Tasks will include OS build, driver package preparation, deployment preparation, QC, and documentation. Desktop support experience Systems installations on PC hardware platforms. Troubleshooting of OS level stability and performance issues. Use of ticketing and documentation systems and processes in performing tasks. Excellent in build engineering and troubleshooting. Good understanding of Windows Client & Server OS, Deployment techniques using SCCM, MDT 2012 / 2013 etc. Understanding operating systems Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 2008 R2, 2012 R2 Server & desktop engineering. Identifying and resolving image deployment issues. Familiarity with scripting languages WISE/ Install Script, Win Batch, VBScript, Powershell. Experience with regression testing against build Advanced knowledge of the Windows Setup process for both Windows 7/ Windows 8.1/ Windows 10, Windows Servers 2008 R2 & 2012 R2 Understand Group Policy Objects (GPO) , Local Policy Objects (LPO) and their impact on system configuration. Fundamental understanding of security components & technologies such as firewalls and anti- virus policies. Knowledge and use of the Preboot Execution Environment (PXE) . Knowledge and use of the tools in the Windows Automated Installation Kit (WAIK) , Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit (ADK) , Windows Imaging and Configuration Designer (ICD) Windows 7/ 8.1/ 10 technical support experience with advanced knowledge of the Windows registry, file and folder security, local/ domain user security, and operating system troubleshooting Windows Server Active Directory technical support experience with advanced knowledge of OU structures, AD security, local and group policy, and various scripting languages including Visual Basic Scripting Applicant must have excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills. Working knowledge of TCP/ IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, VPN, IPSec. Should have good experience on creating images on Desktops, Laptops, Servers and Surface Devices Knowledge on Citrix Xen App and VMware Additional Skills: Automated Software Package Deployment Experience in preparing standard software suites (Microsoft Office, Adobe Reader, etc.) for automated deployment using an enterprise systems management platform. Tasks will include customization of .MSI files, building of configuration scripts, deployment testing, and package documentation. MSI and EXE application packaging experience using Wise Package Studio, SMSInstaller, InstallShield, vbscript and / or powershell scripting is a plus. Microsoft SCCM 2012 OSD (Operating System Deployment) technical experience is required Strong scripting skills using VBScript and/ or PowerShell. Key Skills: MDT, Image Development, OS Image preparation, SOE Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2coms consulting pvt ltd 2coms consulting pvt ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details