TITLE: Program Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PROGRAM MANAGER Are you customer obsessed, relentlessly focused on achieving high standards, street- smart and analytical, strategic yet execution focused, hungry and passionate about e- commerce, an experienced and entrepreneurial leader with a strong work ethic If yes, this opportunity will appeal to you. Prione Business Services (a joint venture of Catamaran Ventures and Amazon Asia) started with the vision of enabling Small and Medium Business in the digital economy through creation, upgrade and maintenance of seller capabilities and customer trust online. As a Program Manager with Prione Business Services, you will have the exciting opportunity to help shape and deliver on key strategic initiatives. Prione has teams across multiple geographies which is responsible for pitching, acquiring and onboarding merchants on the platform. These teams also manageand grow the seller business on an ongoing basis. The responsibility of the Program Manager is to study the processes used by these teams across the life cycle of sellers, identify areas of improvement in seller experience and team efficiency, run experiments in partnership with the business owners, measure success with metrics and then expand and standardize the processes which work. Since the organization is in its early stage, the role provides a unique opportunity to develop the foundational processes and workflow machinery of the sales force which will serve as the basis to grow the organization. The ideal candidate will have operational excellence experience preferably in sales organizations, ability to work in an environment with minimal supervision, problem solving skills and capability to influence multiple external and internal stakeholders. The candidate should be comfortable interfacing with technology systems and be able to analyze data and gather actionable conclusions. Operating in a rapidly changing environment will require the candidate to be comfortable dealing with ambiguous, new and challenging situations. ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES Understand processes followed by the team and identify areas of improvement. Run experiments in partnership with business owners and define metrics to measure the success. Develop standard operating processes to scale the working of the organization. This position is based out of Bangalore, India and will require travel to locations within India. PRIOR EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS More than 3+ years of experience in operational excellence roles. Bachelor's degree required, MBA is preferred. Experience in a highly analytical, results- oriented environment with external customer interaction. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business by the numbers. Must be metrics- driven. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Experience with e- commerce, retail, advertising, or media would be an advantage. Experience in defining new processes is desirable. Entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast- paced environment. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES AND COMPETENCIES Demonstrated intense customer focus. Demonstrated highest level of integrity, intellectual honesty, and strong work ethic. Sharp, analytical, and thoughtful. Has sound judgment and ability solve on the spot. Proven ability to successfully thrive in an ambiguous environment and changing market conditions. Takes initiative. Doesn't wait to be asked. Plans efficiently while avoiding analysis paralysis. Consistent effort, intense commitment, perseverance and willingness to go above and beyond when needed. Strong team player, acts like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards. Makes good decisions when analysis of data is not sufficient to reach a conclusion. Simplifier but at the same time things big, takes smart risks, is innovative and can think out of the box. Develops original ideas, approaches, and solutions to typical, unusual, or difficult situations or problems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prione Business Services Private Limited Prione Business Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details