TITLE: Data Analyst - Financial Services Industry (banking, Finance, Wealth )

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities include Understanding the layout, functionality, business content and information contained within a Content Service URL, web site, or data feed. Analysis of the financial data to increase coverage and accuracy for customers Development and maintenance of specifications which includes mapping the financial information on the content service to the data model. Applying analytics on data to identify performance issues and recommend improvements. Data quality initiatives to insure that gathered information for all Agents is accurate. Experience required: 2-5 years of experience working in the Financial Services Industry (Banking, Finance, Wealth Management). Skills and Knowledge Required Computer navigation skills and software knowledge, preferably Windows, Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) Web-Savvy with good internet research skills General knowledge of application software and processes in delivering services. Strong research and analytical skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Strong English skills Accountability and ability to work within a set deadline Wealth Management and Investment domain knowledge Desirable technical skills: Knowledge of conceptual database modeling and SQL. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an innovation driven end-to-end IT services company. Our services comprises of providing business consultation and robust IT Re-engineering services. We extend our offerings to start-ups, SMBs, and enterprises with complete enterprise mobility solution. Theses programmes include native applications development, web based applications development, and web design solution such as responsive web design, package deployment, integration, support and maintenance services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details