TITLE: Very Exciting Opportunity in a Fortune Company

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title & Summary: Competency Manager The Competency Manager responsible for running DB competency and managing large groups of associates. He/ She will be responsible for the growth & learning of the associates under him while managing small projects which will completely run out of the DB competency. He/ She will be required to strategize the improvement in solutions which can be delivered out of the competency. Key Accountabilities: This position will report into the Competency Lead and will m. Work along with Principal Tech Lead/ Tech Lead/ Architects for the growth of the competency. Efficiently and effectively collaborate with technical and non-technical internal team members as well as third party client stakeholders. He/ She should be a strong people manager and should be able to define the career path and the learning path for the junior associates. It may involve talking to multiple stakeholders in the global distributed structure. He/ She should be able to contribute in the Strategic and tactical planning of the competency. This position should be able to plan and deliver any innovation or incubation exercises that the competency leads will plan . Exposure to DB technologies is needed so that the person can define future Roadmap of the competency. He/ She may be involved in Delivery Projects (small in size but can be multiple in number) where most the delivery team belongs to the Database Competency. Education & Qualification: Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required Essential skills & experience: Technical Skills Should have experience in designing and architecting large scale distributed applications and data modelling for Big Data applications Excellent knowledge of relational database technologies with experience on databases such as Oracle or SQL Server. Oracle PL SQL experience is mandatory Exposure to ETL tools(Informatica / Datastage / AbInitio), Data Warehousing skills desirable Experience with file processing/transfers would also be helpful Must be familiar with one scripting language - Unix Scripting, Perl scripting DB Architecture, Data Modelling, Database Design mandatory Must have experience on DB/Performance Tuning Experience on Amazon Redshift, IBM NetEzza experience would be preferred Excellent knowledge, experience with the Hadoop stack (Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Hbase, Sqoop, Flume, Spark, Shark, Oozie, etc.). Genereal Skills and experience Should have solid technical background in database technologies during the developer / Lead levels prior to taking up manager role. be able to discuss technical aspects of architecture /design / code issues directly with technical teams. Must have experience in planning, analyzing requirements, designing solutions and developing code. Experience with Agile & Waterfall development methodologies Strong communication skills is a must. Should have strong problem solving skills and ability to perform under pressure is required. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills Oracle PL SQL Server Pig HBase Datastage Informatica Ab Initio Netezza Data Warehousing unix scripting data modelling performance tuning netezza Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ManpowerGroup Services India Private Limited Manpower Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details