TITLE: Test Architect - Embedded Firmware

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Responsibilities Leads multiple project teams of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners responsible for all stages of test design and testing for complex products and platforms Write and execute complete test plans and test Suites, and documentation for multiple application suites; identify, debug, and solve issues with hardware/ software/ firmware interactivity. Manages and expands relationships with internal and outsourced development partners on software systems design and development. Reviews and evaluates designs and project activities for compliance with systems design and development guidelines and standards; provides tangible feedback to improve product quality and mitigate failure risk. Provides domain-specific expertise and overall software systems leadership and perspective to cross-organization projects, programs, and activities Drives innovation and integration of new technologies into projects and activities in the software systems design organization. Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members Education and Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent Minimum 12 years experience Mandatory skills Software systems testing methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools Ability to quickly learn new, unreleased software, firmware, and hardware products, and apply learning to setup, configure, troubleshoot & debug pre-released products. Write innovative and comprehensive new test plans to validate solution goals. Extensive experience with multiple software quality assurance tools and processes. Good knowledge on Networking technologies/protocols Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Experience with integration of software/ firmware running on multiple platform types. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at senior management levels. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an innovation driven end-to-end IT services company. Our services comprises of providing business consultation and robust IT Re-engineering services. We extend our offerings to start-ups, SMBs, and enterprises with complete enterprise mobility solution. Theses programmes include native applications development, web based applications development, and web design solution such as responsive web design, package deployment, integration, support and maintenance services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details