TITLE: iOS Developer Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: ROOM is a user generated media that allows our customer enjoy shopping discovery. We are now seeking for highly talented engineers who are interested in developing and enhancing our services in order to increase customers satisfactions. Â Responsibilities: - Design and develop new features for our iOS based front- end clients; - Maintain the software quality of our iOSÂ based front- end clients; - Working closely with product management team and UX design teams to define feature development specifications; - Working closely with API development team to define API specifications; - Optimize and refactor new and existings code for maximum development efficiency and performance. Minimum Qualifications: - B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science or a related technical field; - 5+ years experience developing iOS applications; - Working knowledge of relevant languages such as objective- c, Java. Knowledge of swift is a plus. Â Â Preferred Qualifications: - Working knowledge of networks protocol knowledge such as HTTP, SOAP, JSON; - Working knowledge of Unit Testing skills; - Working knowledge of Trouble shooting skills; - Working knowledge of API design; - A plus for experience having responsibility for end- to- end architecture of Mobile Solution in a large enterprise environment; - Experience of working in an Agile team (such as SCRUM) ; - Good communication skills; About PROLIMCorporation PROLIMis a leading provider of end- to- endIT , PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improvetheir profitability and efficiency by providing high- value technologyconsulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting offerings include; Advisory, PLM Software/ Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/ Staffing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/ Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/ CAM/ CAE, Process & Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/ Validation within awide range of markets and industries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details