TITLE: Beautician in Noida Sector 132

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Beauticians should have the knowledge of latest Facial trends, International /Normal Waxing including Brazilian & Bikini Wax, Pedi/Mani, Body Scrub/ Body Polishing. Nail Art, Gel Nail Extension, would be added advantage. Hairstylists, offer a wide range of hair services, such as shampooing, cutting, coloring, and styling. They often advise clients, both male and female, on how to care for their hair at home. They also keep records of products and services provided to clients, such as hair color, shampoo, conditioner, and hair treatment used. Tools include hairbrushes, scissors, blow dryers, and curling irons. Job Duties/Responsibilities Clean and sanitize all tools and work areas Discuss hair-style options Wash, color, and condition hair Inspect Hair, Skin and scalp, to recommend treatment Cut, dry, and style hair Attend seminars and trainings for further development and to enhance ones knowledge about beauty services Maintain a cheerful and warm disposition in dealing with customers at all times. Show the right values towards customers. Always available to attend to the needs of customers. Be updated with the latest trends in beauty services and technology. Aim to satisfy every customer. Maintain cleanliness and observe proper hygiene. Maintain good and proper grooming at all times. Exercise punctuality to schedules. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Bio/Pharma Informatics-Associate/Scientist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: quota 4 company hi hello Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details