TITLE: Protocol Testing Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, document system level verification tests for IP routers. Work closely with the software hardware teams to develop execute product performance scaling tests for high-performance networking products. Verify system-level performance scalability. Create directed tests based upon examination of system software hardware designs. Provide the related software, tools, methodologies, to assure conformance to the products requirements. The successful candidate will be expected to produce associated test automation for any given testing task. Demonstrate strong proficiency in two or more networking protocols (e.g., BGP, OSPF, IS-IS, multicast, MPLS, RSVP), their configuration, deployment. A very strong understanding of the underlying Layer 2 Layer 1 protocols or other tunneling mechanisms (e.g., PPP L2TP, GRE, IPSec). Candidate must have in-depth knowledge of current routing architectures. Experience testing routers in network simulation scenarios, setting up test topologies to verify protocol implementation scaling limits, assessing router performance. Demonstrate strong experience with High Availability features for routers. Must possess outstanding problem solving skills in the diagnosis resolution of customer issues. Excellent oral written communication skills. Demonstrate record of successfully working with local remote teams. Proven proficiency in Perl UNIX is a must. Demonstrate proficiency in a programming language, such a C or C is desirable. BE in CS/EE, or higher degree Experience with Juniper Networks or Cisco Routers is a must. Experience with core & edge routers is highly desirable. Demonstrated mastery of commercial networking test equipment (e.g., Agilent Router Testers, Spirent Smart Bits, IXIA). The requirements might be complex but we need persons with any of L1/L2/L3 protocols, strong automation in Perl/Tcl UNIX, Strong testing background good experience working with networking test equipment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Isilica Networks India Pvt Ltd. Isilica Networks offers world class technology solutions & services with state-of-the-art talent, knowledge rich experience required to provide total solutions that address the needs objectives of our clients. Our service offerings are designed to help our clients realize revenue efficiently with cost reduction help them concentrate on their core business process. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details