TITLE: Technology Information Risk

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co . (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com . Technology Controls Framework and practices purpose is to ensure the security and resiliency of the Firms computing environment, protect customer and employee confidential information, and comply with regulatory requirements globally. We accomplish this through strong information security leadership and active collaboration with line of business information risk managers to provide high quality security solutions and services that are focused on improving the Firm's risk posture. IT Risk and Controls: Oversight and governance of IT Risk across the firm including IT Risk posture, IT Risk assessment framework, IT regulatory compliance and IT policies and standards. In responding to this growth the Central Technology Controls Office (CTCO) , is responsible for delivering a well controlled, resilient, compliant and secure technology environment through proactive risk and controls management and an embedded self sustaining controls culture. As a 1 st Line of defense function CTCO work in partnership with our CIOs, CTOs, TCOs, ADMs, DBAs, etc. to deliver continuous improvement of our technology controls environment. CTCO provide the framework, methodology, tools and expertise to help design and embed a robust world class controls environment. In addition, we provide the necessary oversight and continuous assessment of Global Technologys risk and controls profile. Inter Affiliate Service (IAS) Controls: ensure controls are adequately established and monitored for services, outsourced within inter affiliates Primary Responsibilities: Drive implementation of new IAS program requirements in accordance to IAS Policy and Standards Ensure consistency and transparency of IAS Governance and Oversight processes, working with all key stakeholders Sustain effective IAS execution process in accordance to the firmwide standards with consideration of local regulatory requirements. Maintain and enhance the evergreen process to ensure the compliance with all IAS guidelines Act as Enterprise Technology IAS Subject Matter Expert (SME) , Liaise with corporate function teams, regional leads, risk and control officers, LoB leads to ensure IAS project requirements have been met & ensure efficiency of engagement model Act as point of contact for Enterprise Technology IAS queries from the business, regional teams, RCSA assessors, Audit teams etc Provide metrics- driven performance monitoring, analysis & trending requirements Create & present IAS updates to Executive Management and Stakeholders at Risk & Control Meetings Demonstrate organizational and time management skills, with the ability to adapt and adjust to changing priorities and to manage multiple assignments with conflicting deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum 7 years of experience in IAS, Information Technology, IT Risk, or IT Controls Demonstrated organizational and leadership skills Track record of establishing and maintaining collaborative cross- organizational partnerships to achieve results Demonstrated ability to successfully communicate and influence stakeholders at all levels Solid analytical skills to understand metrics and trends Ability to be flexible, follow tight deadlines, organize and prioritize work Ability to multi task in a fast paced environment Working knowledge of Regulatory Requirements & Reporting a plus Project management experience a plus Proficient in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and Visio Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details