TITLE: Sr. iOS Game Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Requirements Setting Technology pipeline, 2D / 3D game development using Cocos 2Dx, Opengl, Unity, Box 2D and other graphics / physics libraries and SDK, Uses version control (SVN / CVS / GIT) , Maintains welldocumented code, strong in memory management and optimization. Responsibilities As the primary developer of the Studio, you play the critical role of setting up the technology pipeline and development process. Setup version control and code maintenance methodology. Proactive / enthusiastic in developing tools and standards for development. Play the primary role of developingiOS games using ObjectiveC, XCode, Cocos2DX, Box 2D, OpenGL and / or any other libraries required. Collaborate with the Studio head, design team and creative team to create and produce new games of AAA standard. Enforce code quality through code reviews and unit tests. Integrate thirdparty SDKs to analyze and optimize user experience. Requirements Have exceptional problem solving and communication skills. Able to work in a fastpaced, deadlinedriven environment. Write clean, robust and welldocumented code. 3 years of experience developing games with ObjectiveC, Cocos2Dx, Box 2D and Unity 3D. Extensive programming experience in ObjectiveC and/ or C understands the importance of optimizing for speed, memory usage and enduser responsiveness with strong preARC ObjectiveC memory management skills. Experience working with Game engines, AD sdk's and other app libraries. Be familiar with iPhone SDK, and iOS testing/ profiling and productivity tools. Good knowledge of Version and Revision control practices and procedures (SVN, Git) . Experience in Cross platform SDK (such as Titanium) and Android is a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zvky Design Studio Pvt. Ltd. Zvky Design Studio Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details