TITLE: Application Developer Lead (Java/ J2EE)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Research Technology - Application Development Lead J.P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and individual investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. With clear focus on managing client assets and delivering strong risk- adjusted returns, more than 650 investment professionals provides over 200 different strategies spanning the full spectrum of asset classes, including equity, fixed income, cash liquidity, currency, real estate, hedge funds and private equity and take leadership positions in America, U.K., Continental Europe, Asia, and Japan. Description GRT (Global Research Technology) is seeking a well rounded hands- on technologist that is experienced in building applications that support the Investment Management investment cycle with the main focus on portfolio management and research functions. The candidate will be part of the development team that works closely with the Front Office users and Technology vendors and develops end- to- end solutions to assist portfolio managers on their day- to- day portfolio construction and risk management needs, help traders to improve trade executions and work with researchers to back- test and run their alpha strategies. The candidate will be responsible for: - Working closely with portfolio managers to develop portfolio construction/ optimization application. - Working closely with researchers to implement alpha model, risk models. - Designing and implementing the next generation of portfolio construction and portfolio analytics visualization tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Technical : - 10yr experience and recognized on Java/ J2EE and related tools/ frameworks (e.g Spring, MyBatis etc.) - Solid experience with SQL server (or other RMDS) , data modeling, and performance tuning. - Strong architecture experience, familiar with backend service oriented architecture. - R or Matlab experience is a plus. - Proficient at Excel/ VBA. VSTO experience a plus. Business Knowledge and others : - Experience of working in financial services, in a front- office environment. - Very pro- active, delivery focus, strong experience on Agile programming. - Excellent analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills. - Deep understanding of cross assess classes markets and institutional investment process. - Experience with market data feed/ tools such as Reuters, Bloomberg, MarketQA, Factset. - Statistical background is a plus. - Portfolio Management background is a plus. - CFA, MBA, and/ or Financial Engineering degree is a major plus. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details