TITLE: Senior Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Local Onsite Support Team is designed to guide and assist sellers/ vendors on amazon.in to ensure offering of a wide selection of products available on amazon.in at competitive pricing and with high quality product information. As a part of the Local Onsite team, the primary role will be providing all reasonable support to sellers/ vendors in improving their capabilities to become a successful seller/ vendor on amazon.in. The role will comprise of assisting the seller / vendor to get well versed with various Amazon tools and provide on ground support to assess inputs like catalog, shipment etc., and help them improve their business on amazon.in. The team will be responsible for helping in undertaking on ground training of new seller/ vendors. These tasks include, but are not limited to, assisting in training on populating/ procuring catalog content, face to face interacting/ coordinating with the vendors/ manufacturers/ sellers, identifying and correcting errors, maintaining records of work received and work performed etc. In addition to being a support associate grooming sellers/ vendors to become self- sufficient on the platform, the individual is expected to take on larger responsibilities such as initiating and owning process improvement projects, participating actively in stakeholder calls/ meetings etc. I. Skills a. Strong written and spoken communication skills b. Good working knowledge of MS Office Suite II. Ability to a. Multi task in a fast paced environment b. Operate in the system with speed and accuracy necessary to meet Amazon standards c. Handle stressful situations, maintain composure, and communicate clearly with both internal and external stakeholders III. Demonstrate a. Passion for Business Development b. Strong interpersonal skills c. Excellent listening skills d. Excellent data accuracy skills, eye for detail, and commitment to meet deadlines IV. Critical Qualities / Characteristics a. Pace of implementation and consistency in performance b. Willingness to take initiatives and additional responsibilities c. Willingness to travel d. Commitment and completion factor e. Peer respect - establish and maintain cooperative working relationships f. Creative and analytical problem solvers with a passion for operational excellence g. Identify areas of possible process improvements V. Operations a. Meet and interact with Local vendors on Day- to- Day basis in initial process setup. b. Flag possible escalation, dive deep to recommend and implement corrective actions c. Flag any updates received from stakeholders on process to Team Lead/ Manager d. Be part of client calls to raise challenges, lead, and document conference discussions e. Audit tasks assigned to junior associates and report quality metrics (Senior Associate) f. Train new staff and give feedback to the training team (Senior Associate) VI. Experience and Qualifications a. Bachelors degree in any discipline b. 2 - 4 years of experience in data- driven business operations processes where associates are required to handle large volume of data as part of their daily tasks and take decisions based on analysis of such data (Sr. Associates) c. Experience working on process improvement processes like Six Sigma, Kaizen etc. is a plus (Sr. Associates) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications