TITLE: Technical Lead - SMS HUB

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in C and java coding, debugging skills, Experience in scripting like php, perl and shell etc. Experience in web development programming using html, javascript, css jquery etc. Good Knowledge in C or Java Coding Skills. Experience and Good knowledge on network, threaded and data structure programming. Experience and Knowledge in Databases handling Experience/ Good Knowledge in Telecom domain, Messaging, GSM and Signaling. Good Knowledge of software tools and testing tools. Job Description Write, test and review code in C. Good knowledge on network, threaded and data structure programming. Requirement Analysis/ Design/ Development/ Testing for Roadmap and CR items. Technically lead a small team and provide guidance to them in understanding the requirements, coding and testing. Working on new and existing products along with enhancements. Creation, review and closure of FD/ SRS/ Design/ Test/ CR related artifacts. Handling L3 for the deployed sites. Should be able to trouble shoot issues, prepare RCAs and provide solutions. Serve as liaison to internal customers and various other teams (BA/ PM/ PVG/ GDS/ Implementation etc) . Trouble shooting and fixing the critical/ complex issues found in local/ PVG/ Customer testing. Responsible for closure of assigned tasks for self and team in all aspects and proactively updating status raising flags to supervisors. Training and Mentor new members (junior) in the team with respect to product/ features/ product- eco- system and scope of work familiarization Support team members for all technical aspects (product, technology, design and review) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details