TITLE: SoC Verification Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Product Development Group (PDG) under Platform Engineering Group (PEG) is responsible for the design, development, and production of system- on- a- chip (SoC) products that go into Intel's next generation client and mobile platforms. PEG strives to lead the industry moving forward through product innovation and world class engineering. We're looking for a highly motivated, Pre- Silicon Verification Engineer who are responsible to ensure Right First Time Success of our Client SoC Products before it is being shipped to production. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Architectural Development of Complex Pre- Silicon Verification environments for simulation and Emulation platform. Development of Verification and coverage plans. Rigorously executing Validation Plans to ensure Right First Time Success of our Products. Work directly with hardware architects, logic designers, IP providers, Physical implementers and Platform validators to influence overall SoC and system design. Preferred Qualifications: Experience designing and validating SOC CPUs, Cache Coherency, Graphics and Media blocks and Memory controller. Experience with System Verilog/ OVM/ UVM SOC development environment, Strong background in scripting - PERL, TCL, Phyton. Experience with Emulation environment. Solid understanding of system and processor architecture, and the interaction of computer hardware with software Assembly programming skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Â Recent collage Graduate - Master's degree in VLSI, Electronics, Electrical, Computer Engineering or Computer Science Â Company Profile: Intel Security Group Intel Security Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details