TITLE: Business Systems Analyst 1

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Business Analyst Business Operations is a critical role, enabling BDC to work most effectively with internal and external stakeholders in a hyper- growth environment. This is a facilitative role that requires a combination of focus and flexibility, as well as a willingness to play an active, behind- the- scenes role. The role requires a highly resourceful individual with strong emotional intelligence, self- motivation, integrity, and a willingness to put the companys interest above all else. Duties and responsibilities Participate in requirements collection, analysis, definition, and documentation activities; assisting in defining and prioritizing content. Perform daily, weekly or monthly analysis and present findings along with areas with room for improvement. Accountable for accurate and timely delivery of reports meeting established standards & deadlines. Establish strong working relationships with stakeholders; across Technology, business, and operations. This position requires a high level of discretion, tact, judgment, and poise and must have a solid aptitude for maintaining highly confidential information. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications MBA or similar degree or comparable experience. 1 2 years professional experience and a strong comfort with the IT service/ product engineering industry. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Tools - PowerPoint, Excel, Pivot Tables, Access, VBA. Excellent communication skills (written & verbal) to communicate directly with stakeholders. Should be strong willed, a fast learner and able to adapt to an evolving environment. Ability to multitask and work on a diverse range of requirements. Preferred Qualifications Working knowledge on handling different types of data sources specifically Business Objects and PeopleSoft. Working knowledge of SDLC, QA/ testing environments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details