TITLE: Engineer

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Under general supervision, independently manages execution and timely completion of basic engineering projects by analyzing project scope and determining project specifications, establishing test programs for product investigations, analyzing test programs for adequacy and sequence, examining samples for compliance with UL requirements, and preparing reports for clients. May exercise Project Handler Signature Authority as Project Handler of record responsible for opening, maintenance, completion, and closing of assigned new work engineering projects. Job Responsibility Determines project scope, develops a preliminary plan of investigation, and determines project specifications such as cost, time, and sample requirements by analyzing client input, available supplemental data, and product construction. Projects may include travel to conduct or witness tests at client sites.Initiates communication with clients to promote and explain the benefits of new and existing services. Follows up on contacts from clients. Communicates with clients to discuss technical issues, explain UL procedures and requirements, convey project cost, and negotiate completion date and sample requirements. Acts to address client concerns and to resolve client issues. Provides technical assistance to clients in reference to product inspection and follow- up services.Establishes appropriate test programs by reviewing files and manufacturer's information, examining samples, and applying UL requirements. Becomes familiar with applicable standards, company manuals and appropriate technical literature. Examines samples for compliance with UL requirements and notifies client of any areas in which the product is not in compliance or of any changes in project scope or specifications.Coordinates laboratory activities by preparing data sheets and instructions to technicians, scheduling and reviewing work of laboratory technicians and engineering assistants, and establishing completion dates. Coordinates administrative aspects of project management. Serves as Project Handler of record as assigned.Communicates project status and results to clients through frequent contact and by preparing reports. Prepares Follow- Up Service Procedures and information pages.Integrates continuous improvement concepts and techniques into all aspects of the job.Resolves engineering issues associated with Variation Notices by analyzing and reporting on the acceptability of the variations.Performs other duties as directed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: UL LLC UL LLC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details