TITLE: Product Manager/ Strategy 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work as part of a team that acts as the central resource and driving force for the design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing of product (s) as they move from conception to distribution. Organize interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/ product on schedule and within budget. As a member of the product development division, you will define product specifications and or strategy. Gather and analyze information to define product specifications and review design specifications. Communicate product strategy and functionality. Initiate and foster relationships with other groups. Review product documentation and collateral. Ensure successful product releases based on corporate priorities. Duties and tasks are varied and complex, needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Functional Analyst for the PeopleSoft DevOps products. Responsibilities include but not limited to: 1. Functional design and analysis of new DevOps product/ solutions that are partof DevOps implementation within PeopleSoft. Functional Analysis for the issuesreported by customers both internal / external Should have a good understandingof continuous delivery and should have designed products that have resulted insystem/ process improvements within Product Development environment. 2. Good understanding of SDLC process and data models used in applications designand development. Developed Business Requirement and written Functionalrequirement documents for new feature/ system. Basic understanding of Unittesting and Functional acceptance testing of Features developed, TestAutomation. 3. Candidates with prior Product experience involving DevOps implementationwould be a plus. DetailedDescription and Job Requirements As a member of theproduct development division, you will define product specifications and orstrategy. Gather and analyze information to define product specifications andreview design specifications. Communicate product strategy and functionality.Initiate and foster relationships with other groups. Review productdocumentation and collateral. Ensure successful product releases based on corporatepriorities. Duties and tasks are varied and complex, needing independent judgment. Fullycompetent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or superviselower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant tofunctional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. - BS or MS or MCA degree) . - 3 to 6 years of software engineering or related experience. - Functional designand analysis of new DevOps product/ solutions that are part of DevOps - Goodknowledge of end to end product development knowledge is highly desirable - Experience working in large organizations in the ITdepartment in a functional role is desirable - 2 plus years experience in designing new features anddeveloping prototypes. - End to end knowledge of software development cycle - Exposure to writing functional design documents isdesirable - Ability to communicate well and work with developmentorganization worldwide. - Duties and tasks are varied and complex, needingindependent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details