TITLE: DB2 DBA

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Please find the JD below for DB2 DBA requirement: The DB2 Database Administrator will be part of the Global operations Centre Database Engineering team, which is responsible for all the aspects of database architecture, administration and proactive maintenance of these databases. The responsibilities include solution designing and maintenance of database infrastructure and customer environments as part of a Managed hosting solution. He or she will also be responsible for discovery, requirement gathering, solution design, and installation, implementing High availability database environments and troubleshooting of highly critical production environment with 99.99% uptime. He/she will ensure that optimal solutions and recommendations are provided in-line with industry best practices and firms technology standards. This person will work closely with other DBAs in a global team as well as application, systems operations and engineering teams. Position Objectives: Maintain 99.99% availability for all CenturyLink Database Managed Hosting customers Interface with other central organizations to improve and implement process, procedures and automation. Pro-active and reactive performance analysis, monitoring, troubleshooting and resolution of issues. Provide 24x7 escalation supports for DB2 UDB environment. The DBA will also help develop, implement, and maintain policies and procedures and document database architecture to ensure the security and integrity of the databases. The DBA will implement data models, database designs, data access, table maintenance and code changes together with our development team. This position will primarily require working with Solution Design Engineers, Help Desk and cross functional teams to achieve desired results. The DBA would also be required to conduct training sessions with other DBA team members. Required skills: 4-7 years of experience in Database Administration/support in DB2 UDB RDBMS in production environment In-depth knowledge of database internals and data structures Proficient in building DB2 new databases, migrations and upgrade in DB2 10.1 Understanding of Backup/Recovery features and ability to recover without assistance in case of disaster Experience in setting up HADR with multiple auxiliary standby databases. Experience in automatic as well as manual switchover/failover in HADR Good communication skills Ability to communicate effectively to different levels of technical and non-technical audiences Desired skills: Basic RedHat/Linux or Solaris Administration Shell Scripting knowledge to automate day to day tasks. Experience supporting DB2 in a IBM commerce platform DB2 UDB Certification Knowledge on additional database platforms like Oracle, MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB or any other database systems would be a big plus. Location:Bangalore Experience: 4-7 years NOTE: Looking for a candidate who can join within 30 days. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. - Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details