TITLE: data analyst

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 30, Designation Data Analyst Location Bangalore About employer Marketelligent Marketelligent, a Brillio Company has the singular mission of enabling its Clients to Data Analyst Marketelligent Bangalore (2 - 4 years of Experience) Learn everything about Analytics Marketelligent, a Brillio Company has the singular mission of enabling its Clients to make the most of their data. Founded by folks that have over 50 years of combined experience in multinationals across continents and across industries, Marketelligent is the preferred partner for Business Analytics spanning multiple industries Financial Services, CPG, Media, Telecommunications, etc. Job description: Responsibilities Perform complex data analysis, design, support, and documentation. Help translate business problems to analytical frameworks: extract insights from consumer, sales and other data available and provide data analysis, synthesis presentation support. Interact with end users and line managers to gather requirements, and lead implementation phase. Ensure all deliverables meet client expectations in terms of scope, speed quality Manage Junior Analysts Qualification and Skills Required Good hands- on expertise in SQL and MS- Excel. Good knowledge of Pivots, Functions, Charts, User Forms. Hands on experience on Dashboards and Reports Good knowledge of connecting the different data resources Database: MS Access, Oracle, SQL Server. Knowledge of SQL is required with. Client management experience will be Preferred. Excellent presentation and communication skills Willing to learn and try new things proactively Entrepreneurial in nature; self- motivated; work with minimal guidance 2- 4 years of relevant experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innoplexus Innoplexus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details