TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Company Informatica is the worlds number one independent provider of data integration software. Thousands of organizations around the world rely on Informatica for maximizing return on data to drive their top business imperatives and fully leverage their information assets residing on- premise, in the Cloud and across social networks. JOB DESCRIPTION Our Team Informaticas Master Data Management (MDM) product group builds products that deliver consolidated and reliable business- critical data to improve business operations. This single view of data, also known as master data across the enterprise, helps leading firms in financial services, life sciences, manufacturing, healthcare, government, energy and other industries drive key business imperatives like increased revenue, profits and ROI by empowering business users with consolidated and reliable business- critical datasuch as customers, products, channel partners, suppliersand the relationships between data. Your Opportunity The position is suited to a highly motivated and energetic individual with a desire to work in Sustenance Engineering. We are looking for Senior Software Engineer/ Software Engineer that is capable of working as part of a talented team. You will be involved in all phases of development including requirements analysis, technical design, development, and QA. The candidate must have a track record of developing high quality, distributed and scalable solutions and products.The candidate should be a highly self motivated individual, who should be able to work in the team environment with minimum guidance. Our Ideal Candidate You are an independent, innovative and resourceful software engineer with advanced problem solving skills, and enjoy working in fast paced product development organization. You are a quick learner, passionate, and experienced in developing enterprise software. You have technical aptitudes that will allow you to adapt to new circumstances and learn quickly when facing new problems and challenges. You can communicate effectively with geographically separated team members and drive problems to solution. Your Responsibilities Develops new features, subsystems and product enhancements that are sympathetic to the existing architecture and design Takes responsibility for timely feature delivery. Works collaboratively with teammates to ensure high quality and predictable delivery of features Works on problems of small to moderate scope where analysis requires a review of a variety of factors May author smaller design specifications Provides cost estimates of small components or features Participates in technical reviews and provides constructive feedback Sustains product by responding to reported problems, investigating the cause and determining a solution which can include fixing or even changing product behavior.? Process driven and disciplined approach is required overall. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required QUALIFICATIONS B.Tech/ BE, MCA, M.Sc or Ph.D in Computer Science? 2 to 5 years of IT experience, preferably in R&D? Expertise in J2EE technologies. Strong skills in Core Java and JSF. Strong skills in problem solving and debugging. Experience with Database Management Systems (including Oracle, UDB/ DB2, MS/ SQL, mySQL) , database programming with ODBC and/ or JDBC.? Knowledge of multiple operating systems (Windows & Unix - Solaris, HP/ UX, AIX, Linux) and principles of writing portable code? The candidate should be a self motivated individual, who can work in individual capacity with minimum guidance. Capable of working in a wide range of complex computing environments Ability to apply abstract concepts and generate innovative ideas to solve business problems? Hands- on experience installing, configuring, analyzing, optimizing, and troubleshooting systems and system- related technology? Design experience with product engineering background? Good written and oral communication skills.? The candidate should have prior experience dealing with full product development lifecycles and multiple releases, preferably of large enterprise software products Prior experience in big data technologies is preferable. Preferred Skills: Knowledge of Informatica MDM Hub, Informatica Data Director (IDD) , Hierarchy Manager.? Company Profile: Informatica Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Informatica Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details