TITLE: Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Job Description: Leads large- scale business application Architecture/ Development / design efforts in eCommerce, with a focus on Sterling Commerce A strong understanding of eCommerce B- to- B and B- to- C concepts and solution experience. Provides technical architecture thought leadership to client and organization Skills: Effective time management and organizational skills. Demonstrates strong problem solving and effective decision- making skills. Effective communication and interpersonal skills.* Total years of experience to be updated 14 20 Years. Leads large- scale business application Architecture/ Development / design efforts in eCommerce, with a focus on Sterling Commerce A strong understanding of eCommerce B- to- B and B- to- C concepts and solution experience. Provides technical architecture thought leadership to client and organizationSkills: Min 5 Years in OMS Architecting Worked in at least 5 of major ecommerce site with Sterling. Experience in design and development skills in Sterling Order Management. Advanced/ Expert level in Sterling Order Processing, Inventory Management, Reverse Logistics, Delivery and Service Scheduling. Effective time management and organizational skills. Demonstrates strong problem solving and effective decision- making skills. Effective communication and interpersonal skills.* Total years of experience to be updated 14 20 Years. 10 to 20 years Sterling OMS, Sterling, OMS , Architec Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details