TITLE: Cisco Voice Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for designing, managing, maintaining, and troubleshooting Cisco Unified Communications and Contact Center architecture Manage the overall design and architecture of the enterprise voice and contact center environment. Design and implement new site deployments. Act as the company SME in voice and contact center technologies by maintaining up-to-date knowledge of current and emerging technologies and trends. Design and maintain UCCX and call flow and scripting to optimize business operations and enhance reporting. Produce and maintain accurate as-built documentation. Maintain the overall health of the enterprise voice infrastructure. Provide top level escalation support for Cisco unified communications and contact center issues. Troubleshoot issues with the voice infrastructure and work with Cisco TAC, when needed, to reach a resolution Training and certification in Cisco voice technologies strongly preferred. Training and certification in Cisco IP networking preferred Good Integration experience in Cisco UCM version 9 and above Well experience in Cisco Communication Manager Experience in Dialogic and SIP integration Well experience in any of Cisco Unity Connection and system and directory call handlers Good written and verbal communication skills to work effectively with team members, support personnel, and clients. Strong Knowledge of Signaling Protocols such as MGCP,H.332 & SIP Self-motivated with the ability to effectively interact with all levels within the company. Good interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team members Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MFX Services MFX is one of the largest vertical system integrator for the insurance industry, providing end to end services leveraging our strong capabilities in PaaS (Platform as a Service), IaaS (Infrastructure as a service), ADM (Application Development & Maintenance), BPO, Analytics and GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) services in an integrated services delivery model ( iSDM). We provide critical support and business applications to the P&C industry, processing over $2.7 billion insurance premium annually for our customers on our systems and supporting their core insurance applications, infrastructure and business processes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details