TITLE: Manager, Systems Administration

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary This role is responsible for the day- to- day management, supervision, organization, and staff support capabilities of the Technical team. Ensures that the Technical team is operating within the Delivery processes. Provides key services for Windows, UNIX and Linux platforms including patch management, access management, configuration management and server builds. Responsibilities Provides leadership to Technical staff to develop and meet goals and strategies, including performance management of staff for both technical and soft skills. Recruitment of top talent to support functional area; organizational design and alignment. Provides single point of ownership for effective technical support services to customers and stakeholders within the Windows platforms. This includes ensuring incidents and request handled within the defined service level agreements and coordination of escalations as needed. Responsible for the consistent reliable patching for vulnerability management for all Windows platforms including development, test, and production systems as defined by security operations. Responsible for ensuring all security policies and procedures are followed regarding access management of all Windows platforms including development, test, and production systems. This included the management of Active Directory forest and domains within the enterprise Manages on- call rotations for the Technical team and participates within the Major Incident Process. Minimum Qualifications 7 years experience in a related field Previous leadership experience required ITIL V3 Certification Extensive experience leading a technical management team while driving key reporting metrics of which to measure and mentor the team and the department. Experience creating and maintaining patching management process and procedures, access management processes, automation development and deployment, service transition coordination, and working with audit teams to coordinate and collect audit artifacts. Strong technical experience with Windows or UNIX technologies is required Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong leadership Advance knowledge of Work, Excel, Visio, and Power Point Technical Aptitude as it pertains to Microsoft and Linux based Operating Systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details