TITLE: QA Architect - System Softwares

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Quality Assurance of newly developed products. Quality Assurance of software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Responsibilities Quality Assurance of systems software, including operating systems, compilers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools Writes and executes complete testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs, and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architecture Leads a project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned systems portion or subsystem Collaborates and communicates with management, internal, and outsourced development partners regarding software systems design status, project progress, and issue resolution Represents the software systems engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members. Qualifications Education and Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent Minimum 10-12 years experience Knowledge and Skills Expertise in multiple software systems design tools and languages. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Designing software systems running on multiple platform types Software systems testing methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at management levels. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an innovation driven end-to-end IT services company. Our services comprises of providing business consultation and robust IT Re-engineering services. We extend our offerings to start-ups, SMBs, and enterprises with complete enterprise mobility solution. Theses programmes include native applications development, web based applications development, and web design solution such as responsive web design, package deployment, integration, support and maintenance services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details