TITLE: Storage Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB SUMMARY: This role is responsible for storage management practices for Storage Area Network (SAN) and Network Attached Storage (NAS). Actively contributes to the configuration, layout and performance tuning of EMC products. Participates in the design and operational execution of the customer's disaster recovery process as required. Performs infrastructure maintenance and necessary data migration, as required. POSITION OVERVIEW: - The Storage Administrator provides technical expertise in the area of Storage Systems and Storage Area Networks. - Additionally will consult with application groups to enhance business applications and define solutions that are consistent with business strategies and standards, utilizing storage solutions. - The Storage Administrator will interact with various onshore and offshore business units across the organization to design, implement, and determine future growth requirements. - Future projects include Migration, expansion of virtual desktop and server environments and many more exciting opportunities. The Storage Administrator opportunity provides exposure to technologies from EMC as well as specific new technologies such as Storage Virtualization and Dynamic Tiering. - Storage Administrators are responsible for the architecture of SAN environments, provisioning of storage for ESX, Windows and Unix / Solaris hosts as well as assisting with capacity planning and reporting. - Storage Administrators are responsible for installing, configuring, and maintaining storage systems, assisting server administrators with connectivity, and architecture related to hardware for their end users. - Storage Administrators may assist with the evaluation of new and existing storage products. They assist and/or mentor other storage administrators in day-to-day storage or project-related work activities. - Plans, schedules and performs proactive maintenance, including hardware and software upgrades and patch installation. - Performs Storage system tuning including monitoring, troubleshooting and optimizing performance RESPONSIBILITIES: Coordinate the installation, configuration of various storage systems and related peripheral equipment (Storage Arrays, SAN Equipment) Install, configure and maintain all software associated with Storage Administration including capacity planning, monitoring and performance analysis, system administration, cloning, replication and migration. Identify, analyze, and resolve/troubleshoots performance and connectivity problems; Executes documented escalation procedures when necessary. Monitors status and performance of: systems, applications, services and related devices using monitoring tools and applications available. Provide technical support and advice to system/application administrators, data base administrators, and network engineers as necessary to resolve problems. Recommend metrics, measurements, and benchmarks. Participate in off-office hour on-call TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: Experience administering enterprise & mid-tier storage subsystems (EMC DMX &ClariiON / VNX) and understanding of concepts such as split-mirror, snapshot backups and remote storage replication. Solid understanding of storage networking fundamentals, concepts, and components, including storage subsystems, SCSI, Fibre Channel, switches, iSCSI, HBAs, virtualization, zoning, LUN Masking, LVM , etc. Configuring Storage Pools / RAID GROUP in clariion and VNX Expertise in Migration both Array based and Host Based. Key skills on VNX includes Fast VP,Fastcache / Thick and Thin Pool LUN allocations. Solid knowledge of Fiber Channel SANs infrastructures including fabric architecture, zoning,LUN security, switches, directors and routers. Knowledge on EMC Storage products like VMAX, VNX, Timefinder, SRDF, Unisphere, FAST, virtual Provisioning. Knowledge on VMAX, DMX,VNX, Clarion LUN's allocation, Concepts of zoning, mapping, masking, Auto Provisioning. In depth administration skill (L3) EMC VNX storage & Cisco fabric management on FC/iSCSI/FCoE topologies. Data Migration & performance tuning experience for SAN & Storage environment required. Capacity management experience will be added advantage. Business continuity solution on storage platform of various vendor are required. [ flashcopy, snapshot, metro mirror, global mirror, volume copy etc ] Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MFX Services MFX is one of the largest vertical system integrator for the insurance industry, providing end to end services leveraging our strong capabilities in PaaS (Platform as a Service), IaaS (Infrastructure as a service), ADM (Application Development & Maintenance), BPO, Analytics and GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) services in an integrated services delivery model ( iSDM). We provide critical support and business applications to the P&C industry, processing over $2.7 billion insurance premium annually for our customers on our systems and supporting their core insurance applications, infrastructure and business processes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details