TITLE: Principal Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Zynga Inc. is a leading developer of the world's most popular social games that are played by more than 100 million monthly consumers. The company has created evergreen franchises such as FarmVille, Zynga Casino andWords With Friends. Zynga's Natural Motion, an Oxford- based mobile game and technology developer, is the creator of hit mobile games in popular entertainment categories, including CSR Racing, CSR Classics and ClumsyNinja. Zynga games have been played by more than 1 billion people around the world and are available on a number of global platforms including Apple iOS, Google Android, Facebook and Zynga.com. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California. Zynga's Engineers don't just develop some of the world's largest games, they deliver some of the world's cutting- edge mobile and web client technologies. We are blazing trails in all facets of game development. Zynga faces a number of technical challenges but many are unique to our situation: the mission of connecting people through games and large data requirements of online gaming require us to continually push boundaries to discover the best solutions.r Zynga is looking for a strong Principal Software Engineer to join their growing team! Responsibilities: Must have experience with database- driven web technologies to work on high- volume, high- availability, large- scale systems. Will be instrumental for designing features and addressing critical issues on some of our biggest game titles, which have several million users across web/ mobile platform. Extensive experience across mobile and web client technologies Skills Design and develop solutions across web and mobile Analyze and improve performance, efficiency and stability of various systems Extensive experience across mobile and web client technologies Extensive programming experience in one or more of the following: C , JavaScript, C#, Objective- C, Java, ActionScript Familiarity with game engines such as Unity and OpenGL is a plus BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical discipline (or equivalent) Strong Object Oriented Skills preferred A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design Able to take individual ownership of a project from start to finish Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environmen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zynga Inc. Zynga Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details