TITLE: COG

SKILLS: IT Software - Mainframe

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION SUMMARY This position has the responsibility of maintaining the companys distributed and mainframe job scheduling system, (AutoSys, CA7 and ControlM). Activities include establishing Client processing schedules, adding and maintaining jobs and monitoring the overall health of System Technical Skills: 1. Experience with Computer Associates Autosys product a big plus. 2. Operational knowledge of Mainframes, z/OS, TSO, JCL, Distributed, (i.e. Windows and UNIX) Job Scripting is also required. 3 Knowledge on Console Operations 4. The ability to work with overrides, SYSINs is also required. Experience: Two years or more experience working with Computer Associate and BMCs Job Scheduling Systems, (CA1/7/11 & Control M).the environment. Work with application developers and other groups to ensure implementation and maintenance of job schedules are processed in accordance with company and client policies and industry best practices. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mainframe Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Computers, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MFX Services MFX is one of the largest vertical system integrator for the insurance industry, providing end to end services leveraging our strong capabilities in PaaS (Platform as a Service), IaaS (Infrastructure as a service), ADM (Application Development & Maintenance), BPO, Analytics and GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) services in an integrated services delivery model ( iSDM). We provide critical support and business applications to the P&C industry, processing over $2.7 billion insurance premium annually for our customers on our systems and supporting their core insurance applications, infrastructure and business processes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details