TITLE: Project Business Systems Analyst 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualifications & Responsibilities Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. Configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. Provides details to developers regarding what should be included in the software, application, or product to ensure it is included for client roll- out/ implementation. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead cross- functional linked teams to address business or systems issues. May be internal or external, client- focused, working in conjunction with Professional Services and outsourcing functions. May include company- wide, web- enabled solutions. Able to assess a situation, receive input from stakeholders, and select a course of action. Able to clearly communicate and articulate, both written and verbally, detailed specifications (e.g., project requirements, requested changes, and testing results) . Able to develop and maintain relationships within the organization and/ or with external partners, and understand the unique needs of each partnership. Able to document information effectively through databases, knowledge warehouses, and other shared space. Able to properly interpret customer needs, and translate into understandable written requirements. Able to understand and support well- reasoned recommendations and decisions to support the business and project teams. Able to update existing specs. Able to work in a dynamic, fast paced and often changing environment. As needed, able to serve as a liaison between: developers and users, clients and companies, and management and IT. Good knowledge of the industry. Good problem solving skills in order to move toward a projects successful completion. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details