TITLE: Accounts Payable Accountant 1- Fin

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Maintain general accounting systems, policies, and procedures to ensure that proper information is reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Assists in accounting functions which may include general ledger, accounts payable, fixed assets, and inter- company transactions. Maintain the general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, analysis, reconciliation and reporting. Maintain and implement general accounting systems. Conduct account reconciliation periodically, ledger close activities, and provide accurate financial data to support management in decision making. Develop and prepare financial reports including profit and loss, income and balance sheet statements. Review and analyze inter- company transactions. Ensure all journal entries comply with internal and external audit specifications. Participate in the ongoing development and maintenance of internal procedures and processes. May participate in special projects. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Strong analytical, prioritization and communication skills in partnering with other internal groups and management. Familiarity with Excel spreadsheets is essential. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience. BA/ BS degree in Accounting or equivalent. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Global Purchasing Team is responsible for creating purchase orders after reviewing purchase requisitions in accordance with Oracle's procurement/ supplier contracts to mitigate Oracles risk and ensure compliance with Oracle legal guidelines and purchasing policy. The team is responsible for a wide area of commodity areas including but not limited to IT, Telecoms, Marketing, External Contractors, Facilities, Legal, Meeting and Events. Job description and preferred skill sets are contained in the additional details field below. Detailed Description As Purchasing Analyst your responsibilities include Reviewing approved requisitions and create purchase orders in accordance with Oracle's Global Purchasing/ Finance policy. Action on notifications for PO changes and PO extensions. Analyze and resolve invoices on overbilling and receiving hold. Assist requesters in iProcurement issues. Work close with the strategic team, requesters and support processes for end to end solutions Core functional training for team members / new buyers. Identify opportunities and support in implementing process improvements using Quality Tools towards: Adherence / Improvement to SLA, Productivity Ensure timely response and resolution of Critical issues and escalations Identify country & customer specific issues and track the same to ensure logical closure. Ensure Critical errors are addressed on priority & appropriate training provided / remedial action initiated. Job Requirements Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Commodity knowledge, excellent written and oral communication, customer service, computer skills and ability to multitask. Additional Details Education Graduate (experience in purchasing will be an advantage) Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Language Strong computer skills including but not limited to word Excel, e- Mail, etc. Analyzes and handles any situation by thinking clearly using analytical skills even under pressure. Anticipates problems and develops contingent actions plans for the same. Logical thought process with the ability to follow guidelines and documented procedures. Prompt & responsive to all communications including phone & email from internal and external stakeholders. Demonstrates a positive make it happen attitude while focusing on tasks or goals. Able to manage multiple activities. Consistent in delivering high quality results on time. Job Description for S2S Purchasing Review purchase requisitions received. Validate and co- ordinate with requester to ensure complete information and approvals are available. Process purchase orders, action on notifications, change PO requests. Review of documents to ensure compliance with our payable and purchasing policies. Handle query through email and telephone. Resolving Purchase order invoices on holds. Voice based / oral communication to external vendors & stakeholders. Calls with LOB and Vendors. iProcurement training to Oracle requesters and new buyers. Work with the strategic team, requesters and support processes for end to end solutions. Identify, propose and initiate implementation of process efficiencies/ improvements. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details