TITLE: Senior Technical Trainer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this (Located in Bangalore, India) Amazon Web Services provides a highly reliable, scalable, low- cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. Low cost. Instant Elasticity. Open & Flexible. Secure. To meet the growing demand for AWS Services around the globe, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you have strong IT infrastructure and/ or programming experience, and can communicate highly technical concepts to audiences at different stages in the AWS journey, wed like to speak with you. We are looking for a dynamic, organized self- starter to join our Training Team. Here's your chance to work as a Technical Trainer on a newly formed team, with high visibility and significant customer impact. The successful candidate is an experienced technical trainer, ideally with hands- on experience with Amazon Web Services and/ or in- depth knowledge of software architecture and virtualization technologies. In this role, you will deliver training content to developers, administrators, architects, and partners to drive adoption and usage of AWS services. Youll have an opportunity to combine a passion for teaching, with enthusiasm for technology, to drive learning and establish positive customer relationships. You will have excellent communication skills and proven technology training experience. Deliver classroom and on- line training to customers and partners. Assist in developing and maintaining training content, lab exercises, presentations, and accompanying materials. Mentor internal and external authorized instructors as part of a train the trainer program. Capture and share best- practice knowledge across the training community. Understand the AWS market segments, customer base, and industry verticals. If this position excites you, please submit your resume using the link below and include a cover letter outlining your motivation, experience and why you want to join our team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainer/Faculty Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Fluent in English 8- 10 years of experience in programming, systems architecture or systems administration. Technical degree (i. e. Computer Science) or relevant work experience required. Excellent oral presentation skills, interpersonal communication, and writing skills. A strong stage presence and ability to manage a classroom of adult learners. Experience architecting infrastructure solutions using both Linux/ Unix and Windows with specific recommendations on server, load balancing, HA/ DR, network and storage architectures. Recent coding experience in one or more of the following languages, Java, . Net, Perl, PHP, Ruby or Python. Experience working within the Enterprise software market or Internet industries is highly desired. Ability to travel as required. Preferred Qualifications AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate Level Experience creating and maintaining training materials. Knowledge and/ or hands- on experience with AWS infrastructure services highly desired. To all Recruitment Agencies: AMAZON does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, AMAZON employees or any other company location. AMAZON is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. aws- train- a Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details