TITLE: India Onsite Support - FTE

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IT Operation analyst provides comprehensive Second Level support to all Schneider Electric Users in their IT issues for efficient resolution (related to hardware, software, mobile, telephony etc.) The position is mission critical and sensitive. The person needs to follow up the Incident/ request to closure and be able to mobilize the appropriate resources to complete the requests on priority Be able to handle and resolve complicated technical issues for the users Should manage the work load efficiently and have the ability to prioritize and complete the task in a high pressure environment. He/ She will be responsible for complete ownership for the issues which is in his/ her scope This position requires the analyst to handle the reported issue (via Phone , Web incident and Email ) , and provide technical troubleshooting assistance Discuss and collaborate with other IPO verticals and ensure that issue is resolved within SLA. Ensure that IT procurement is done for his entity Identify underlying problems liase with respective Level 3 support and contribute for permanent resolution of the same. Record all instance in the Remedy ITSM tool and adhere to internal process and policy to update the record. Adhere to internal Policies and Procedures while handling customer issues and service reqeusts and get the resolution in adherence to agreed Service Level Undergo regular training to improve skill set required for the job function. Collaborate with the team to share knowledge, update and share the same on the Knowledge base site. Understand business needs and adapt to the new changes and dynamic Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications & Certifications 1. Graduate from a reputed institute without any gap in academics 2. ITIL Foundation Required Skills (Must have) along with necessary industry experience 1. Total IT experience of over 3- 6 years 2. Understanding of Remedy Too Company Profile: Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd. Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details