TITLE: Site Reliability Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 8 to 12 years experience in Unix/ Linux system administration. Strong knowledge of Operating Systems Theory and Networking Concepts. Good debugging skills using standard command line sysadmin tools. Familiarity with common Internet protocols and their server side implementations. Automation using scripting language - either of Python, Perl, Ruby, Shell Developing monitoring systems using either of Nagios, Graphite, Riemann. Hands on Networking experience with Firewalls, Routers and VPN devices. Config Management Systems experience - one of Ansible, Puppet or Chef. Experience managing large transactional databases using Mysql or Postgress Familiarity with NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Cassandra, Voldemort, etc. Sense of ownership to own and deliver cross functional projects. Willingness to work on multiple, fast paced tasks at the same time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 8 to 12 years experience in Unix/ Linux system administration. Strong knowledge of Operating Systems Theory and Networking Concepts. Good debugging skills using standard command line sysadmin tools. Familiarity with common Internet protocols and their server side implementations. Automation using scripting language - either of Python, Perl, Ruby, Shell Developing monitoring systems using either of Nagios, Graphite, Riemann. Hands on Networking experience with Firewalls, Routers and VPN devices. Config Management Systems experience - one of Ansible, Puppet or Chef. Experience managing large transactional databases using Mysql or Postgress Familiarity with NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Cassandra, Voldemort, etc. Sense of ownership to own and deliver cross functional projects. Willingness to work on multiple, fast paced tasks at the same time Company Profile: NEEMTREE INTERNET PVT LTD NEEMTREE INTERNET PVT LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details