TITLE: Safety Incharge / Supervisor - Projects

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Bachelor BE Electrical electronics engineering / Diploma in Fire Safety Engineering Should have a professional qualification in the field of Occupational Health & safety. 2 to 3 years of experience of related work Strong interpersonal skills with a positive enthusiastic attitude. Good communication skills & proficient in English & local languages. Good knowledge of - Safety management, Hazard recognition, Risk management & Control, Personal protective equipment selection & use, Work at height safe procedures, Fire prevention & protection, Confined space entry procedure, OH&S legal requirements, Electrical safety / lock out tag out etc. Strong attention to detail Benefits: ESI, PF, Bonus, Leave other statutory benefits. Roles Responsibilities: Provide advice, information instruction on local OHS(Occupational Health Safety) issues Assist in the application of OHS procedures Help manage risks hazards in their area Report investigate incidents, injuries hazards implement agreed control measures Liaise with the head of the unit or controlled entity, OHS Unit other safety personnel Review analyze injury incident reports data Develop injury incident prevention strategies for their area monitor local area compliance with OHS policy procedures Audit local area OHS compliance with regard to risk, emergency hazardous waste management. Should be able to represent the organization in various HSE Meetings Implementation of emergency response plans ,Procedures evaluation drills Preparation of daily site inspection report for file correct deficiencies. Able to ensure that all records for vehicles, drivers, electrical equipment sets are maintained updated regularly. Able to ensure that the tool box meetings are conducted by the supervisors the records are maintained. Inspection on the job site to make sure that everything is, safe the satisfactory. Able to provide appropriate safety protective equipment to all employees at work site to ensure that the equipment provided must be properly used. Help promote OHS awareness. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Electrical Engineer-Telecom Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Apollo Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. Apollo Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. offers the entire range of energy & power solutions from power generation, power distribution, power sanction liaison with concerned Government departments to execution of all types of electrical work to operation maintenance. We leverage on the expertise of each vertical to offer optimal solutions to effectively meet customer needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details