TITLE: Manager, Engineering Services

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. rnAs a Manager, Engineering Services, you will be responsible for managing Technical team responsible for implementing various projects, achieving scheduled completion dates within budget, resulting in meeting customers' requirements and exceeding their expectations rnrn rnrn RESPONSIBILITIES rnrnrnt Ensure Project Plan matches with the scope and deliverables as outlined in the Statements of Work (SOW) and is created utilizing CA Services tools and Best Practices. rnt Collaborate closely with assigned SMEs including Architect, Consultant, TSO, and Global Practice team to map out a project delivery approach and a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) consistent with CA's 9 stage deployment approach and meets the captured customer requirements. rnt Ensure that work is not performed outside of contracted scope without appropriate change order documentation accepted by the client. Responsible for maintaining out of scope requests and working with the client and account team to develop those requests into additional CA business. rnt Maintain a complete project schedule which identifies all project tasks, resources, progress against those tasks and project schedule performance against baseline. rnt Interact with staff, customer and other CA departments as necessary to communicate the project status and to escalate implementation issues, with the purpose of timely and effective resolution. rnt Oversee the hiring, performance and maintenance of a highly trained staff. rnt Assist in the escalation process (client issues and future functionality) . rnt Align activities and priorities to ensure resource maximization within work group. rnrnrn rnrn rnrn REQUIREMENTS rnrnrnt 10 years of professional software development experience with 2 years in Project Management, with exposure to commercial web based software product development. rnt Manage a Software Engineering team ensuring a high level of quality. rnt Should be Hands- on technically - - Java/ J2ee, Oracle and Linux. rnrnrnrnt Manage project plans, task lists, setting priorities, facilitating issue resolution, and resource management. rnt Manage and mentor staff, including skill training and career developmentrnt Monitor and control the activities and performance of staff under his/ her supervision. rnt Identify primary goals for establishing quality objectives. rnt Obtain relevant data on quality related problems which occur in products and arrange for such problems to be brought to the attention of the Development Manager for appropriate actions. rnt Assign, where necessary, re- distribute administrative duties to personnel to meet various workload pressures and variations. rnt Attend, as requested, Development meetings to keep abreast of, and participate in, all matters affecting projects. rnt Define tasks, goals and measurements of staff. rnt Manage or participate on special Software Engineering related projects as neededrnt Ensure Project Plan matches with the scope and deliverables as outlined in the Statements of Work (SOW) and is created utilizing CA Services tools and Best Practices. rnt Collaborate with Project Management team who are responsible for customer interactions and project implementationsrnrn rnrnIf you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. rn rn rnLearn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http: / / ca. com/ careers rn rn rn Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. rn rn r Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details