TITLE: Content Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an exceptional Content Manager to join the Hardlines team. You will have the unique opportunity to manage content opportunities across marketing platforms and develop new content programs with key partners. We are looking for a highly organized, motivated and self- directed Content Manager with superior organization skills and acute attention to detail. This is a new role on the team and the ideal candidate will have experience managing projects and processes across teams, and be well versed with managing partners internal and external. ou will be exceptionally organized, and bring an ability to juggle a high volume of overlapping content sourcing projects simultaneously often in various stages of development. You must be able to consistently deliver high quality results despite competing priorities with a sense of humor and an ability to have fun while working hard. Own and drive the process for managing content assets and creative usage of assets worldwide Manage all aspect of content assets, with consistent tracking and communication of negotiated terms, expirations and usage limitations; communicating consistently with teams to ensure clarity of content use. Manage clearance budgets, partner with counsel on vendor contracts, and track term expirations. Develop, own and continually improve content process and opportunities establishing best practices to drive a streamlined process while growing the quality and breadth of available assets. Partner with marketing managers to understand target audiences. Coordinate briefings with marketing team and managing vendor teams to secure relevant content on an ongoing basis. Manage development and execution of cross- platform marketing opportunities that leverage content Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications 5 years of relevant professional experience as a project or production Manager, leading projects and managing data streams across teams Proven ability to lead multiple projects simultaneously, successfully delivering the required results Clear and effective verbal and written communication, collaboration and negotiation skills Experience and passion for working in a collaborative team in a fast- paced environment Bachelor's degree in marketing or equivalent program/ professional experience Preferred Qualifications Project Management experience in advertising/ marketing for major brands across media Fluency in English. and good working knowledge of hindi language skills beneficial Unwavering attention to detail with an acute awareness that everything counts Intense bias for action in a fast- paced, sometimes ambiguous environmen Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details