TITLE: Project Manager 5 - Ops

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Performs non- technical project completion using an internal customer perspective, typically from initiation through delivery. Develops project plans and coordinates cross- functional teams through meetings and progress measurement activity which bring distinct, specific projects to completion both on time and within budget. Provide leadership and expertise in the development of new products/ services/ processes, frequently operating at the leading edge of technology. Recommends and justifies major changes to existing products/ services/ processes. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically 12 years of related experience to include 10 or more years of project management experience desired Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Position: Project Manager, Global Finance Systems, Fusion PMO Location: India, Bangalore or Mumbai Job Description: The Fusion PMO works collaboratively with Global Process Owners, LOB Management, IT, Development, and Senior Management providing continuity and direction as needed to help Oracle scale its business applications and process to meet the growth of its overall business. This position is within Oracles Finance organization reporting to the Office of the CEO. The Project Manager position within Oracle Finance Systems will ensure that Oracles internal implementations of Oracle Application products and other related software applications enable Oracle to maintain effective cost controls and financial reporting while scaling its business. The Project Manager helps ensure that Oracles implementation is a showcase of Oracles thought- leadership in the intelligent application of technology to business process and financial management. The Project Manager owns and drives the complete lifecycle of the projects he or she leads- - from inception to full customer production rollout. In this capacity he/ she will be expert in business process, application functionality, and implementation in order to provide his/ her internal customers with a combination of sales consulting, project management, and training. The Project Manager will also be responsible for 100% customer satisfaction and success of the projects. Job Responsibilities: Lead requirements- gathering and design sessions with Finance and other business units Review and sometimes create Business Requirements Documents Act as a change management catalyst Drive business process efficiencies; understand the levers that drive an integrated process and work across the functional organizations to deliver an optimal solution Be a solution expert for internal customers Ensure Oracles own deployment of Oracle products is a leading showcase of advanced eBusiness thinking Support integration of acquired companies Job Requirements: A minimum of 5- 7 years providing business and/ or financial analysis related to project or program initiative management 7- 10 years project management experience with the ability to coordinate, manage, and ensure the success of cross organizational, global Oracle deployments A minimum of ten years or equivalent experience in one of the leading ERP solutions: Oracle, SAP or Peoplesoft Finance Experience with financial analysis and ROI models Previous experience on medium to large project in business analysis role Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication, and presentation skills Forward thinking: has a flexible approach to change, is able to work effectively in a variety of situations, seeks improvements and looks to the future Consistency and accuracy, personal discipline and ability to work across organizations Originality and initiative are important as well as the ability to work in a deadline driven, high pressure environment Must be a team player and work well with a variety of personalities Ability to influence others without a direct line of management Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details