TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main responsibilities: Identify, pursue and secure profitable business to meet the objectives of an agreed sales plan, by both protecting existing business and generating new leads and convert them into concrete business. Maintain close contact with assigned customers, and provide them with a constant level of excellent customer service. Make effective proposals and quotations to customers within the agreed pricing policy, and approved commercial terms. Develop and maintain accurate sales forecast information for assigned territory. Maintain a good understanding of the products and services being sold. Prepare a sales plan under the direction of the Sales Manager. Report regularly to management on activities and opportunities within assigned territory. Represent and promote Moog effectively by delivering the Moog sales proposition to customers at all levels, to persuade them to buy from Moog, and to reinforce the Moog 'brand'. Understand the assigned markets, including competitor activity, and monitor the wants and needs of the customers, effectively representing them within Moog. 10. Follow laid down business processes. 11. Regular reporting to Sales manager Incumbent is expected to spend approximately 60% of the time traveling and visiting Customers Job Requirements: Qualifications: Education/ degree BE in Mechanical / Electronics Work experience 8 to 10 years of experience in Technical Sales in Engineering Industry. Exposure to Electro- Hydraulics and Electro- Mechanical systems will be an added advantage. Proven capabilities in these key behavioral competencies Building trust; adaptability; building strategic working relationships across functions; decision making; initiating action; facilitating change; information monitoring; quality orientation; Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills Other skills, experiences or highly desirable qualifications Ability to quickly understand what is required to get the job done and to provide common sense solutions to problems Well- organized and focused, with solid analytical & problem- solving skills Development of new accounts Self- reliant individual, but team player Moog cultural ldquofitrdquo - operating in an informal, consensus- driven and often ambiguous environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Superior Group Superior Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details