TITLE: Implementation Consultant - Travel

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Implementation Consultant - Travel Job ID #: 12130 Location: India- Bangalore Functional Area: Implementation Consulting Department: Global Services Position Type: International Full Time Education Required: Bachelors Degree Experience Required: 7 - 10 Years Relocation Provided: No Share: [Share on Facebook!]Facebook [Share on LinkedIn!]LinkedIn [Share on Twitter!]Twitter [Share on Bebo!]BeboPosition DescriptionJob Overview: Manage requirements and scheduling for upcoming projects. Consults with a variety of Concur and client resources to identify solutions for each implementation. Gather client business requirements and design a solution that meets the needs of the client and falls within the boundaries of core Concur functionality. Responsible for the configuration of a customer s specific environment as well as all client functional knowledge transfer. Completes project milestones, client documentation, and transitions the client to their Production environment. Reports to the Consulting Manager. Responsibilities: Gather information from customers, evaluate their needs and create an implementation solution working together with Concur Functional and Technical resources. Develop a project plan (including resources) for each assigned project based on Concur s methodology. Manage and monitor projects against the initial project plans. Manage the expectations of the client (internal and external) with regard to project objectives, deliverables, timeframes, etc. by understanding the key business drivers and their prioritization. Coordinate and schedule activities between various Concur departments to meet the project milestones and timeline. Ensure completion of deliverables, managing schedules, meeting milestones, delivering within budget, and ensuring creative and technical success. Communicate project status with the customer by means of status reports and status calls. Adhere to Concur SOP s to transition customers from implementation to Production Support. Gather functional and business requirements from client and translate into a functional hosted solution design according to client needs and scope of Concur products/ services. Provide business acumen for external clients and strive to understand the business problem we are solving in order to best configure the system and exceed client expectations. Configure at a macro level as well as specific features and functionality at a module level. Conduct client webcasts (solution demo) and functional knowledge transfer sessions according to methodology standards. Liaison with client team members and Concur internal resources to ensure understanding and clear communications. Ensure completion of deliverables, managing schedules, meeting milestones, and ensuring creative / technical success. Perform issue identification, communication, and resolution for moderately complex issues. Ability to conduct functional reviews of configurations completed by other Functional Consultants Be aware of, and comply with, all corporate policies. Position RequirementsEducation, Experience Training required: Four- year degree or equivalent online travel experience. Technical Degree Preferred GDS experience Preferred 2 years experience with software implementations preferably within the online travel environment Experience in client facing role Functional consulting experience preferred 1 year+ experience with Concur Solutions preferred Experience with software as a service (hosted) a plus Experience with financial applications or knowledge of accounting practices a plus Ability to pass a background check Job Specific Specialized Knowledge Skills: 2+ years experience in Consulting or related field Prior Project Management or Concur experience preferred. Prior customer service or finance experience preferred. Experience in the travel industry preferred. Successful experience working directly with customers to resolve complex implementation issues. Demonstrated detailed knowledge of software design theory and current practices. Effective verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage workflow to meet deadlines. Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain an effective follow up system to ensure timely and accurate handling of information requests. Excellent organizational and planning skills. Previous Experience in ERP or HR a plusCritical Performance Competencies: Communication and Influence Business Acumen Decisiveness/ Judgment Planning and Organizing Partnering Personal Professional EffectivenessValue Competencies: Displays passion for responsibility to the customer Hires, develops rewards great people Displays leadership through innovation in everything you do Displays a passion for what you do and a drive to improve Displays a relentless commitment to win Displays personal corporate integrityEEO: Concur is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applies this policy to all applicants and employees. We are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team. (M/ F/ D/ V) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Concur Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd. Concur Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details