TITLE: Senior Software Test Engineer 1

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Duties / Responsibilities Identify, isolate, interpret, and report defects, and work with developers to analyze requirements, and reproduce problems to get them resolved. Will drive formulating test plan (s) , through the set guidelines in test plan. Will develop test cases for assigned areas and be responsible for developing automated test infrastructure to validate. Experience working on agile test methodologies, in short release and able to drive the release independently. Works daily with extended test team across several Geographies. Will work with other teams to setup test environments Is familiar with, and follows, prescribed software engineering and test processes and procedures. Maintains thorough and accurate documentation of work and communication and feedback of technical issues to developers and test leadership Will work on SD- WAN, HDX and Networking Education & Experience Required BS or MS degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred, with at least 5 years of directly related work experience, in Networking Software Product Release Cycle. Scope of work will include the development of a suite automated test building blocks from both a white and black box perspective. Familiar with Cloud deployments in Amazon AWS/ Windows Azure and Good understanding of VDA infrastructure are preferred. Good knowledge of Windows Internals and L4- L7 networking (HTTP, HTTPs, Authentication, Protocols) Experience working on Citrix XenServer and VMWare ESXi Hypervisor Hands- on Test planning, test design and execution required. Hands- on Test Automation experience required (commercial or homegrown test frameworks) Hands- on Automation skills Knowledge of coding / programming with Perl and Python. Solid understanding of web based software/ protocols, data structure algorithms, and networking concepts. Excellent communication skills a must. Thorough knowledge of release procedures and software defect tracking. *LI- PU1 Functional Area: Software Developmen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details