TITLE: IGCSE Co- ordinator

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this EXPERIENCE Minimum five years teaching experience in Middle School or High school. Minimum one year of Administrative experience in a school context (preferred) . Teaching or equivalent experience in an international multi- cultural context. Familiarity with the special demands of a boarding school community SKILLS Personal The Coordinator will demonstrate the ability to: support, promote and enforce the vision, mission and core values of the school lead, stimulate and support a teaching team with sensitivity and openness develop, organize, coordinate and evaluate the Middle and High School Programme using some educational principles communicate effectively and sensitively with students, colleagues, parents, support and operational staff. In other words treating all persons with respect Knowledge The Coordinator must, have a good understanding and knowledge knowledge of IGCSE have an understsanding of the characteristics, development and psychology of the Students have the knowledge of recent trends and pedagogical practices of Middle and High School education Have the knowledge of curriculum development, instructional strategies and assessment of student learning RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES The IGCSE Coordinator will: Be directly accountable and responsible to the Principal Assist the Principal in the following: Maintaining in the Middle and High School, an ethos of high standards for academic performance, social behavior and moral character for students and staff Providing in- service and professional development opportunities for teachers Implementing curriculum and program review and development in the Middle and High School. Teach adequate number of classes as required by the school Ensuring regular supervision and evaluation of teachers; making recommendations for improvement as needed Developing and monitoring budgets and spending for the Middle and High School. Allocating teachers to teaching assignments in the Middle and High School. Supervising resource developments and acing as the central resource person in the Middle and High School. Orienting new Middle and High School teachers and students. Maintaining an effective programme of evaluation and assessment of Studentsrsquo achievement, aptitude and proficiency. Handling disciplinary matters related to areas of academic responsibility in line with established disciplinary guidelines Organize, Coordinate and Evaluate the Middle and High Schoolrsquos daily Programme: Organizing general student and teacher routines (class schedules, room allocation, attendance, study halls and registration) Organizing assemblies, group activities, field trips and projects of the Middle and High School. Supervising record keeping and reporting for Primary School students. Monitoring progress and problems of Students. Organizing Middle and High School Staff Meetings. Ensuring that Students receive support services as needed; such as counseling, ESL, remedial and remedial help. Providing support and resources for Middle and High School Teachers. Liaise with Parents, Dorm parents, Counselors, Learning Resources Personnel, StudentsrsquoActivities Coordinator and others on relevant Middle and High School issues. Participate in admissions / marketing activities like expos, parent workshops and sessions to educate the parents about IGCSE curriculum and related questions. Participate in school admission procedure i.e., admission tests - creation/ evaluation of answer sheets etc. Fulfill other responsibilities for the school as assigned by the Principal. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sharanya Narayani International School Sharanya Narayani International School Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details