TITLE: R&D Engineer Software 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Introduction: The Internet of Things is expected to grow to include more than 50 billion devices by 2020 and Broadcoms out- of- the- box connectivity platforms are providing developers with the tools to kick- start their life- changing devices. As a leader in Wi- Fi, Bluetooth and Bluetooth Smart, Broadcom ensures that standards- based connectivity technologies play nicely together, whether at home, in the office or on the go. With all of that embedded hardware engineering already complete, Broadcoms hardware and software development kits help to quickly turn creative IoT ideas quickly into prototypes and ready- for- market devices for both large and small companies. Interoperability is critical to the proliferation of the Internet of Things, which is why the WICED?? platform is bringing secure Wi- Fi, Bluetooth and Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) wireless connectivity to nearly every emerging product category in the Internet of Things ecosystem, including home appliances, health and fitness monitors, automation and asset tracking systems, smart meters and an array of consumer electronics devices. Job requirements: - Typically requires a BS in computer science or engineering plus a minimum of 9 years of relevant software development experience, or an MS and 6 years - Strong Proficiency in C programming and experience in design/ development of software in deeply embedded platforms - Strong knowledge and experience with ARM processors and RTOS such as ThreadX, FreeRTOS etc. - Must understand OS concepts of: threads and process, DMA engines, interrupt handling, timers, memory virtualization, IPC, race conditions etc. - Working knowledge of TCP/ IP based networking architecture is desired - Working knowledge of Bluetooth software and especially Bluetooth use- cases and feature applications of Bluetooth profiles and protocol Stack is a plus - Strong analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills - Familiarity with embedded debugging tools and programming in a resource constrained environment. - Ability to work and thrive in a dynamic, leading edge environment The successful candidate will be hands on with the ability to understand complex HW & SW systems, while working independently on multiple projects in parallel, dealing with constant change and priority interrupt Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Knowledge : Having wide- ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Some barriers to entry exist at this level (e.g., dept/ peer review) . Level at which career may plateau. Job Complexity: Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in- depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise. Supervision: Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel (Team Lead) . Experience: Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience. At this level, post- graduate coursework may be desirable Company Profile: LSI India Research & Development Pvt Ltd LSI India Research & Development Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details