TITLE: Hr Manager Bangalore, Karnataka, India

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mission: This role is to be responsible for implementation of Human Resources organizations mission and vision, and oversee all phases of HR operations at Acciona Energy India. This position will also focus on implementing and managing day- to- day HR requirements in areas such as employee relations, training and organizational development, legal compliance, compensation benefits and workforce planning retention. Responsibilities - Manage the organizations recruitment activities, compensation and benefits, immigration, performance management, payroll and training and development processes, consistent with building a high performing organisation in accordance with local business area budgets and in line with global initiatives. - Assist staff members with regard to their employment conditions, and in interpreting the various policies, procedures, industrial instruments and legislation affecting their employment. - Provide specialist human resource support into the management of ACCIONAs obligations in relation to industrial relations and Enterprise Bargaining Agreements or other such employee collective agreements. - Lead the delivery of Facilities and Office services for Head Office, and the facilitation of support across all ACCIONA offices in India. Key Result Areas - Implementation of international business line and corporate HR processes as they relate to the Indian operations. - Development of productive and effective relationships with the International Human Resources Department in ACCIONA. - Completion of internal reporting requirements in an accurate and timely manner. - Development of appropriate frameworks, practices, policies and initiatives to support strategic aims according to the ACCIONA Corporate Policies. - The smooth implementation of key initiatives from ACCIONA relating to people management and development. - An increased understanding within the business of the cultural parameters enabling employees to undertake their work more easily and effectively. . - A comprehensive and clear head count budget as the framework for recruiting requirements. Requirements: - Relevant post grad qualification in HRM, org psych or similar. - Experience working both operationally and strategically within a business, dealing with HR issues. - Demonstrated experience in working within an international organisation and translating the requirements of an international parent corporate entity to the local business needs. - Demonstrated expertise in implementation programs within the HR area and effectively communicating the same to senior and executive management. - Understanding of IR law and potential impact on people and businesses. - Support to implement well defined processes embedding of HR practices within the organisation. ACCIONA es una multinacional espaola lder en la promocin y gestin de energas renovables e infraestructuras (construccin, agua, industrial y servicios) . Con ms de un siglo de trayectoria, est formada por ms de 30.000 empleados, tiene presencia en ms de 30 pases de los cinco continentes y forma parte del IBEX- 35. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Acciona Wind Energy Pvt Ltd Acciona Wind Energy Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details