TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Excellent Opening for the Post of PROJECT MANAGER._ IT SOFTWARE _ Malleswaram, Bengaluru Client: A leading client is into IT Software Company Head quarters: Malleswaram, Bengaluru Job Description for PROJECT MANAGER. Candidate profile: Overall IT experience of 7-8 years, with 7+ years experience in analysis, design, coding and implementation, and at least 2-4 years of experience in managing projects for global customers. Should be proficient in requirements gathering and managing projects from an end-to-end perspective. A strong understanding of Application Architecture, High level and Low level design, Middleware/Application Servers and Infrastructure & the ability to look at product architectural documents and identify potential issues. Experience with programming in ASP.NET, XML, HTML, C, C++ is a must. Knowledge of scripting languages and technologies like Perl, WMI, VBScript, etc. is a plus. In-depth experience in architecture, design, development & implementation of frameworks and application software components using Enterprise/ Microsoft technologies required. Strong experience in analyzing, defining, documenting and customizing industry Agile methodology framework(s) such as SCRUM to meet the internal controls, governance and regulatory requirements for the client. Job Profile: Being the primary point of contact for client needs requirements and expectations with regard to assigned delivery team operations. The role would start from setting up / implementation of systems, procedures, policies & ensuring the same are practiced systematically / religiously. This will include System Study, Project Study, Requirements Analysis and Elicitation. Monitoring progress of projects, across all platforms / technologies that we work on currently and ensure on-time delivery and of the required quality. Customer interaction for clarifications, feedback, approvals and project status updates. Mentoring and guiding the team members at various phases of project execution. Preparing Project reports and presenting project status to management and client. Identifying training needs / providing technical training to team members. Managing multiple projects (in-house and outsourced) in diverse technologies. Identifying new avenues & advice management on expansion. Performing Technical reviews. Research and continually upgrade key delivery processes/ techniques. Responsible for recruitment and retention of the best people, people/morale issues, appraisals & performance management of the Project team. Conducting technical interviews and evaluating candidates for new recruitment. Education: Engineering degree in Computer Science, or equivalent from a reputed institution. PMP certification shall be an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manpower Mining India Pvt Ltd IT Software Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details