TITLE: System Administrator 3- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Define, design, and implement network communications and solutions within a fast- paced, leading edge database/ applications company. Perform performance trend analysis and manage the server/ network capacity. Propose client configuration and implement technical solutions to enhance and/ or troubleshoot the system. Work with others to define, coordinate vendor purchase needs. Responsible for support documentation as well. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years of related experience in a medium to large network distributed and computing environment. BS in Computer Science or related field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Senior System Administrator, Cloud Operations will conduct activities concerned with ensuring the performance and reliability of our applications. This includes monitoring, implementing and validating configuration changes, gathering and reporting metrics, providing support to other teams and incident management. Key responsibilities include for the Senior System Administrator include: Monitor automated alerts from various monitoring systems for Applications. Interact with the Customer Support Organization in the capacity of Tier 3 customer support. Liaise with software engineering teams to collect log files used isolate and resolve bugs. Work with network operations and system operations teams to ensure the running applications are aware of various network and server downtimes. Work with DBAs and support to manage issues caused by inefficient database queries. Resolve problems by executing Standard Operating Procedures. Provide feedback to enhance Standard Operating Procedures. Identify and implement improvements to the teams processes. Perform routine checks at the start of shifts. Develop training for other team members. Other specific projects as required. Key skills requirements for the Senior System Administrator include: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science / Electronics / Electric Engineering or equivalent. Good grounding in SQL and RDBMS design. Knowledge of Oracle RDBMS query optimization would be an advantage. Good grounding in Linux. Possess good understanding of RDBMS, WEBSERVER, APPLICATION SERVERS, JAVA PLATFORM Working knowledge of Apache, Tomcat, Oracle, MySql, Web services, Scripting Java, Tomcat, Apache, Python, Bash, SQL Ability in writing SQL statements and analyzing query performance in an Oracle environment. Hands on experience supporting Web Applications Bash or Python scripting skills would also be an advantage. Good grounding in TCP/ IP, especially HTTP. Understanding of SMTP and e- mail delivery is a bonus. . Ability to read HTML would also be an advantage. Understanding of the concepts behind web application stacks. Understanding of code control processes. . Experience of SVN would be an advantage. Other requirements: Desire to analyse and discover the root cause of problems. Ability to prioritize tasks without direct supervision. Willingness to learn new technologies and adapt with our constantly evolving applications. Flexible to work in Shifts and weekends. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details