TITLE: Solutions Engineer Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job Solutions Engineers are experienced sales engineering professionals, adept at defining solutions that meet the business and technical requirements of existing and prospective Akamai customers. A Solution Engineer is self- directed, capable of leading technical sales activities, managing the customer technical relationship, and assuming subject matter expert responsibilities within Akamai. As the technical member of the sales team, our Solutions Engineers possess the highest levels of both business and technical acumen understanding customer business drivers, matching those to Akamais technology and clearly articulating complex solutions to existing and prospective customers. About the Team The Solutions Engineer will focus on technically supporting sales efforts for the Americas out of the Bangalore, India Office. The Emerging - Inside Sales Pre- sales team is an experienced group of Internet experts working with customers across multiple industries including Commerce, Finance, Hi- Tech, Enterprise and Media within North America. Having joined Akamai from a range of backgrounds, they engage with our customers to consult on industry best practices, design and build quality solutions, and always maintain the highest quality customer service. Responsibilities: * Drive revenue and create sales opportunities by managing the pre- sales technical process and evangelizing Akamai's technology to existing and prospective customers, and to drive new product and service offerings in both Customer adoption and Akamai Development * Partner with direct sales and Executive Sponsors to educate existing and prospective customers about the superiority of Akamai's services - this includes conference calls, site visits, presentations, technical evaluations, technical objection handling, proposals, and follow up on all customer related issues. * Engage and oversee in the development of customer proposals, design and delivery, ensuring all expertise, information and recommendations are concisely defined, while meeting Akamai quality control standards. * Support and educate Sales, Marketing and other internal departments to ensure that customers get appropriate updates, upgrades and event- oriented solutions. * Show high standards of leadership - actively developing and mentoring less senior staff within Solutions Engineering, Sales and the larger organization. * Work closely with Product Management and associated teams to develop future product direction and strategy - providing valuable input from the field. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications * Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent work experience. * Minimum 2 years of overall IT experience. * Minimum 2 years of experience in technical pre- sales/ sales engineering, consulting, and/ or other customer facing role consulting on, delivering, or supporting technical products or service * Minimum 2 years of experience using Internet technologies, standards and protocols, including DNS, TCP/ IP, HTTP/ HTTPS, Web design, streaming, browsers and servers. * Verbal and written fluency, including technical terms, in English, including the ability to effectively present technical and business related subjects to all audiences, from the user to the executive level. Desired Qualifications * Excellent understanding of basic web technologies and protocols, including DNS, HTTP/ HTTPS, and TCP/ IP. * Experience with Web Analytics and Security, particularly PCI. * Must be enthusiastic, action oriented, capable of independently solving complex technical problems and able to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical and business audiences. * Demonstrated success developing client relationships. * Demonstrated problem solving skills, drive for results, interpersonal savvy, and customer focus. * Technical programming background - J2EE, .NET, PHP, JS, Web Services experience a plus * Experience with hosting or developing Internet delivered applications, managed security services, enterprise and data center networks, caching proxies, and load balancing. * Experience managing a high volume of activity, and a large number of projects, in a fast- paced growing organization. * Ability to self- manage and prioritize workload. * Experience in a customer facing role requiring a high level of individual responsibility, sound business judgment and account management, where an aptitude for improving customer satisfaction was successfully demonstrated. About Akamai: Akamai? is the leading content delivery network (CDN) providing cloud services that help deliver, optimize, and secure online content and business applications. At the foundation of Akamai solutions, the Akamai Intelligent Platform?? enables unmatched speed, reliability, and securitybacked by expertise and relentless innovationto improve reach and invisibility across the web. Akamai removes the complexities of connecting the increasingly mobile world, supporting 24/ 7 consumer demand, and enabling enterprises to more securely leverage the cloud. To learn how Akamai is accelerating the pace of innovation in a hyperconnected world, visit www.akamai.com, and follow @Akamaijobs on Twitter. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. EEO is the Law Company Profile: Akamai Akamai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details