TITLE: APAC IAAS AIX L3 Engineer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) serves as the central provider of technology infrastructure to JPMorgan Chase. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) is accountable for the core distributed infrastructure (SAN, NAS, Backup, Server, Linux, AIX, ESX, etc.) within the bank, across the Plan, Build and Operate functions. The organization is transforming into a Managed Services provider for JPMC and drives product management, engineering standards and productivity initiatives in support of the Managed Services. Within GTI, IaaS work in partnership with Infrastructure Platform and Deployment (IPD) who provide infrastructure build and deploy capabilities, and with Global Service Operations (GSO) who provide L1 & L2 operational support to Infrastructure as a Service. In the role of AIX L3 Engineer , you will be expected to have strong hands on technical experience of AIX and associated IBM technologies technologies enabling you to act as the subject matter expert for India. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Acting as an escalation point for AIX in India and the region, both from your immediate team and other support teams in the firm. Providing an expert level of support in at least one other operating system. Working closely with Level 4 engineering to feed into requirements, testing, documentation etc. Interfacing with internal consumers, inputting into technical solutions, advising on best practice and validating new implementations. Helping to drive automation, identifying opportunities for improvement and focusing on introducing efficiencies. Ensuring the infrastructure is stable and resilient at all times by working to produce monitors and reporting that allow our operate teams to drive issues to resolution. Attending incident calls to identify and fix issues within SLA. Working through incident root cause analysis to put together remediation plans for the global environment to ensure issues only occur once. Working closely with the global demand and capacity team to ensure continuous availability of services. Working with vendors in problem isolation and resolution. Developing and promoting standard operating procedures and creating processes and tooling for operation efficiency. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 7 years experience supporting AIX in a large, mission critical environment. Excellent understanding of related technologies such as networking, storage, virtualization and data centre technologies Proficient in at least one other UNIX platform, preferably Red Hat Linux. Excellent knowledge of the IBM GPFS and HACMP products. Scripting skills Shell, Perl, Python. Demonstrable experience of data manipulation tools such as Excel and/ or Microsoft Access. Experience of data analysis and the use of asset inventory management systems across a large and complex server estate. Ability to develop and maintain strong peer/ client/ customer relationships underpinned by a service oriented approach to work. Project management experience (Prince2 foundation knowledge or above an advantage) . An understanding of ITIL concepts (foundation knowledge or above) and the ability to engage with JPMC established incident, problem and change management processes. Effective written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate technical concepts to a non- technical audience A willingness to work to a flexible work schedule with the possibility of international travel. Ability to perform in a highly pressurized and changing work environment. Degree level education or equivalent caliber. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details