TITLE: domain consultant product

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 17, Designation Domain Consultant (Product) Location Bangalore About employer Analytics Quotient Analytics Quotient (AQ) www.aqinsights.com provides analytics- powered solutions to marketing and business Domain Consultant (Product) Analytics Quotient Bangalore (3+ years of experience) Learn everything about Analytics Analytics Quotient (AQ) www.aqinsights.com provides analytics- powered solutions to marketing and business problems for leading global marketers. Some of our current key clients include: One of the largest retailers The worlds largest non- alcoholic beverage company Major consumer technology brand Leading European and American beer companies The largest confectionary brand in North America One of the worlds largest restaurant chains Two of the worlds largest delivery pizza companies A leading global entertainment network One of the worlds largest oil gas corporations AQ is a 7- year old, high growth analytics start- up. We currently have about 400 employees across our locations in India, USA and London. We work with some of the most well- known brands companies in the areas of retail, consumer goods, consumer services, technology and media. Our growth has come largely through client referrals. Our mission is to help companies get a higher- return on their existing data through storytelling and powerful yet simple analytical tools. AQ is the un- biased intersection between client transaction data, primary research and syndicated data sources. Specifically, our products and services include statistical consulting- based analytics, technology- based analytics solutions products, and long- term engagements of analytics support. Our clients are typically marketing, strategy/ planning, consumer insights and market intelligence professionals. We have clients across the USA, Latin America and Europe and employees have the opportunity to move to new locations as opportunities arise. Our clients, Fortune 100 companies around the world, have diverse analytics and visualization needs. Our consultants help these companies make better business and marketing decisions by harnessing the power of analytics and visualization. Job description: The Products team creates industry focused solutions that address specific marketing needs. We have a unique blend of analytical expertise and technological expertise to address business challenges. Responsibilities Work on developing analytic- based solutions and products for marketing clients and help them make smart decisions Manage the day- to- day delivery of products independently Coordinate with analysts, technology and marketing teams in successful delivery of products and solutions Playing a team management role The consultant will work with our clients, the worlds best known marketing companies, to help develop insightful products with their data. Our portfolio of products include competitive intelligence, pricing/ promotion analysis and other advanced analytics like text mining etc. Work in the areas of Ideation, Business Planning, Pre- sales and other related initiatives. Manage the lifecycle of the product through process efficiency, innovations and upgrades to our existing analytics products Ensure all client deliverables meet client expectations in terms of scope, speed quality. Interact with senior members within the company to identify new product opportunities Qualification and Skills Required Excellent domain knowledge understanding, particularly in the food services or consumer goods Should be good at Analytical thinking breaking down large problems into solvable chunks. Should be willing to continuously co- ordinate with onsite clients and teams in India and hence handle late night calls as required. Have a mix of technology and consulting orientation; gather different perspectives, examples and use them to enrich day- to- day work. Willing to travel onsite as and when required. MBA graduates from premier Institutes. Minimum 3 years of Post MBA experience. SALARY OTHER DETAILS Salary including benefits will be based on prior experience qualifications and will match industry standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innoplexus Innoplexus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details