TITLE: Technical Solutions Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job As an Akamai Associate Technical Solutions Engineer you will be an integral member of a team responsible for quickly resolving highly technical, complex issues. You will be critical in maintaining the trust of our customers (which include many Fortune 500 corporations and government agencies) . You will be working directly with our customers' technical operations teams in defining issues, resolving them, or leading a cross- functional team to drive resolutions. This is not your typical technical support position. You will be intimately involved in all technical aspects of Akamai's products and services and be critical to our customer relationships. You will work closely with the rest of the support team and engineering to share knowledge, deliver the best possible service for our customers, and improve Akamai by developing ideas based on customer feedback. As a member of this team, you will work in a highly collaborative environment to deliver excellent customer support. About the Team You will be part of Akamais best- in- class technical support team supporting our global customers. As a member of this team you will work in a highly collaborative environment to deliver excellent customer support. Responsibilities: Responsibility * Clearly communicate with customers via telephone, email, and occasional face- to- face contact to ensure that you understand the issue and they understand the resolution * Work independently with our customers' technical teams on post- sales technical issues. The investigation of technical issues may involve complex data analysis from Akamai's distributed network and an in- depth examination of the interaction between Akamai and the customer's infrastructure * Work closely with cross- functional teams composed of Engineering, Operations, Sales, Professional Services, and Account Management representatives * Design and implement solutions to address a given customer issue after gathering & understanding customer requirements * Manage custom support of special high- profile network events Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/ Engineering, Management Information Sciences (MIS) , or relevant engineering/ science fields. Work Experience: 1- 2 years Mandatory Qualification: * Detailed knowledge of how the Internet works (HTTP, DNS, Streaming, etc.) * Knowledge of common network protocols (TCP/ IP, ICMP) and troubleshooting tools * Experience providing technical solutions & support to enterprise (Business- to- Business [B2B]) customers or supporting large scale distributed systems in a B2B/ B2C environment * Customer focus, acting with the customer in mind, anticipating future needs and dedicated to providing a superior support experience for the customer * Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to disseminate information in a clear and correct manner to business and technical audiences * Strong relationship building skills, with the ability to positively influence the actions of others, working as a team player * Great problem solving skills with the ability to resolve complex, highly technical issues, often under time pressure * Ability to manage multiple priorities, commitments and projects * Self- motivated, directed and passionate about what you do, striving for results constantly Desired Qualifications: * Programming knowledge and experience (Perl/ shell scripting or Java preferable) * Knowledge of web programming (HTML, JavaScript, ASP, JSP) * Familiarity with technologies like: * J2EE (using Tomcat and/ or Websphere) or .NET architecture * Web Services (SOAP, XML) * Configuring webservers (Apache, IIS) and the infrastructure necessary to support a dynamic website (load balancers, connecting to databases, etc.) * Streaming (Flash, HTTP Live Streaming, etc.) * SQL and databases * Familiarity with Automated Call Distribution (ACD) and at least one CRM system such as Siebel, Remedy or Salesforce.com About Akamai: Akamai? is the leading content delivery network (CDN) providing cloud services that help deliver, optimize, and secure online content and business applications. At the foundation of Akamai solutions, the Akamai Intelligent Platform?? enables unmatched speed, reliability, and securitybacked by expertise and relentless innovationto improve reach and invisibility across the web. Akamai removes the complexities of connecting the increasingly mobile world, supporting 24/ 7 consumer demand, and enabling enterprises to more securely leverage the cloud. To learn how Akamai is accelerating the pace of innovation in a hyperconnected world, visit www.akamai.com, and follow @Akamaijobs on Twitter. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. EEO is the Law Company Profile: Akamai Akamai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details