TITLE: Indirect Sales Support Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes. Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/ or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Attention to detail critical. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow- through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/ omissions corrected. Relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills to interact with management and possible clients desired. 0 - 2 years relevant work experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Indirect Sales Support (ISS) team is designed to be the primary team working directly with our partners to assist in standard and non- standard channel deals. They are responsible for understanding and orchestrating Oracle's Channel workflow and deal processes, as well as being the direct link between our VADs, partners and the channel sales team. This team is an extremely valuable asset to the Channel organization to ensure a clear and concise linkage for pricing, contracts and bookings. Timings: APAC/ EMEA/ NAS. Excellent communication skills - both verbal and written. MBAs/ Engineers, Graduates with over 3 years work experience within Operations. Preference for the following - Experience in support roles where you have been mapped to territories and coordinated with multiple virtual teams. (Tech / Channels / Other Operations) Previous job role entailed working with APAC/ EMEA / NAS counterparts. Detail and process oriented. Requirement / Label Description Detail Oriented Executes all steps with Rigor Validates all steps of documents for 100% accuracy Accurately documents the various steps of the process cycle. Arbitration Effectively mediates process between Channel rep and Partner Customer Focus Consistently executes daily task within SLA Takes ownership on deals and ensures customer satisfaction. Active Listening Practices attentive listening during process orientation. Effectively restates and questions current processes Communication Skills Effectively communicates between stakeholders ensuring accurate message is delivered. Learning / Learning agility Quick to understand Job role Seek clarity on all gaps from manager / mentor Quickly moves on to being independent requiring minimal supervision. Migrates to new processes and applications with a positive outlook Presentation Skills Takes up presentations for process changes and executes with high level audience. Process Orientation Executes all delegated tasks with high (99%) accuracy levels Problem Solving Provides solutions along with process issues that may arise Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details