TITLE: Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES Lead/ contribute to partner engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and delivery Work with Hortonworks partners to jointly build scalable infrastructure and drive process creation and execution. REQUIREMENTS BS/ MS in Computer Science or related field 4- 9 years experience test development, test automation framework development, and/ or data center administration. Strong work experience in Python, JAVA (TestNG/ Junit) and/ or PowerShell Good knowledge of agile/ scrum processes, test methodologies, creating test cases and test plans. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team. Doesnt let things fall through the cracks. Strong knowledge in back- end testing on Web Services, Database, BI/ DW, test automation tools and processes - including Jenkins, Selenium, Mockito, and Git, or comparable products. Experience configuring and utilizing AWS/ Azure for cloud computing SQA automation experience in Linux or Windows Server development environments. Working knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem and applications is an added advantage. Build, enhance and maintain automation frameworks for scalability, stability and performance. Work closely with all internal teams and partners to jointly solve complex problems in quality and development. Recommend and develop end- end deploy and test infrastructure to certify partner releases. Define the optimum suites for sanity, regression, smoke, deployment verification etc., and advanced aspects of system testing automation. Debugging, and deploying software for highly scaled cluster applications, involving thousands of servers, or enterprise applications involving large data centers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hortonworks Inc Hortonworks Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details