TITLE: Service Desk Agent

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Do you want to be the person who exceeds your potential If you have a desire to succeed and drive your own career, Dimension Data offers you the opportunity to make that happen. Were positioned to lead the change in the biggest transformation that the IT industry has seen in decades and we need your talent, skill, and ambitious ideas. As a Global Top Employer to over 28, 000 great people in more than 58 countries, youll be working with teams across the world. Youll be doing great things for our clients and helping them achieve their business ambitions. Job Description We are currently looking for a Service Desk Agent to support the business in achieving its strategic objective. The primary role of the Service Desk Agent is to serve as the internal and external communication for the monitoring and maintenance operation. You will also answer the main service line calls, along with customer specific lines. As Service Desk Agent you need to be a confident communicator, adept at conflict management, display strong relationship building skills, and bring a seasoned customer service approach to the role. What we expect you to do Drive service calls to a resolution using engineering staff, escalations, and dispatch of parts and/ or resources where necessary, within SLA time frames Open and manage service calls, facilitate the transfer of calls between operational units, act as the internal and external communication point for matters relating to service calls, manage escalations, customer expectations, and engineer interaction. Identify a resolution or course of action with engineer, vendor and/ or customer. Qualifications Here's what we are looking for in candidates for this job A High school diploma or equivalent 2 4 years related experience. Additional Information Diversity in Dimension Data We have a global culture that embraces diversity. Dimension Data respects the diverse experiences and individual beliefs of its employees. As such, Dimension Data is committed to an inclusive workplace for all and were proud to provide equal employment opportunities for all qualified applicants. Videos To Watch I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hashtag Talent Hashtag Talent Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details