TITLE: Workflow Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Do you want to be the person who exceeds your potential If you have a desire to succeed and drive your own career, Dimension Data offers you the opportunity to make that happen. Were positioned to lead the change in the biggest transformation that the IT industry has seen in decades and we need your talent, skill, and ambitious ideas. As a Global Top Employer to over 28, 000 great people in more than 58 countries, youll be working with teams across the world. Youll be doing great things for our clients and helping them achieve their business ambitions. Job Description We are currently looking for a Workflow Specialist to support the business in achieving its strategic objective. The primary role of the Workflow Specialist is to act as the main point of contact serving as the GSC liaison for pre- assigned accounts. You will oversee the complete operations and lifecycle of all tasks from a service desk perspective for your assigned clients. Were looking for someone who can work independently, drive problems into effective solutions, and brings a unique client service approach to this role. What we expect you to do Manage all service calls for predetermined client (s) Prioritise and escalate problems, and co- ordinate with other department managers and staff to resolve problems Track metrics on every queue including tracking the number of tickets being opened, closed, and re- opened for each technician, and the length of time a ticket is open Attend meetings with clients and client advocates to review outstanding service requests Status and metrics reporting, tracking and providing status reports on SLA and incentive targets, ensuring that targets are met and give notification to the proper levels of management when these SLAs and incentive targets are at risk of not being met Manage escalations, client expectations, engineer interactions and third party vendors with the goal of maximising client satisfaction within the committed entitlement Well versed in all applicable ITO accounts to ensure cross functional team alignment Serve as the major incident manager ensuring timely updates and collaborative efforts between teams. Qualifications Here's what we are looking for in candidates for this job Bachelors degree preferred At least 5 years experience in a client support centric environment ITSM platform experience preferred. Additional Information Diversity in Dimension Data We have a global culture that embraces diversity. Dimension Data respects the diverse experiences and individual beliefs of its employees. As such, Dimension Data is committed to an inclusive workplace for all and were proud to provide equal employment opportunities for all qualified applicants. Videos To Watch I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hashtag Talent Hashtag Talent Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details