TITLE: Process Capabilities Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In order to drive this continued success through our talented workforce, we currently have an opportunity for a Business Risk Management & Compliance Specialist to be part of the Sales Operations When compliance issues are detected, the Business Risk and Compliance Specialist will trace back and verify the route-cause to identify where the issue was originating from, what is the financial impact, which different organizations needs to be involved to remediate the case and drive consequence management and remediation actions. Fact finding and verification with: - Assess the $ size of the case and take decision how to pursue - $ Financials for case sizing - Perform forensic audits/ onsite audits/ visits/ investigations - Perform route-cause analysis - Ensure proper documentation of the case for potential legal referrals, update of the BP database and record log. Responsibilities Communicates project status, process standards and changes, and issues and workarounds, clearly and succinctly to business and operations support team. Involve other Sister Concerns organizations when needed Owns the research and data analysis for complex projects; may lead low complexity projects. Represents the needs of the business or function during moderately complex process improvement projects. Collaborates with operational teams and business stakeholders to gather business requirements, supporting the design of new or improved processes of moderate complexity, and understand business/customer impact. Utilizes standard project management and quality improvement methodologies in process improvement approaches. Drives projects and implements process changes in order to meet ongoing business objectives. Contributes to business- or function-wide processes/programs that impact multiple business units and/or countries. Education and Experience First-level University Degree or Equivalent experience; may have advanced university degree. Typically 4-6 years of related experience in IT/business operations. Typically 3-5 years of project management experience. At least 2-3 years in an auditing/compliance function Quality improvement training required. Good JAPANESE language skills as this role covers Asia Pacific Japan Knowledge and Skills Thorough knowledge of company operational processes, industry trends, and customer/partner requirements. Broad understanding of core company businesses and the revenue cycle. Strong communication skills (i.e. written, verbal, presentation). Strong knowledge of process area, experience with process improvement projects and ability to provide suggestions for process improvements. Demonstrated project management, problem solving, and analytical skills. Basic financial and business acumen. Excellent analytical skills in order to identify data anomalies for possible grey market activity Desire to dig into details and solve very complex problems Excellent organisational skills Excellent knowledge of Companys go-to-market strategy (good to have) Strong understanding of internal business processes and policies Knowledge of or ability to learn Company systems, programs, controls and Processes used to manage pricing decisions and related discounts (good to have) Maturity and business acumen for internal and field investigations Influencing and negotiation skills Ability to travel, incl. international travel maybe required At least 2-3 years of experience in auditing role and within Company (good to have) Ability to interface with Senior Management within the companys Business Unit at all levels: country, region, WW Ability to interface with Senior Management at external parties (partners, resellers, brokers, lawyers, etc.) Excellent interpersonal skills and oral and written communication skills in business language Describe complex cases in a simple way for stakeholders Ability to interface with Legal and other compliance functions Experience in working in a virtual team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details