TITLE: Senior Oracle / Unix Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The position requires strong Oracle database knowledge to work on a complex rule based multi- channel marketing campaign platform supporting Fortune 100 companies. The positions purpose includes, but is not limited to: Setup/ configuration of the development environment Analysis and design of new and enhanced features for the marketing platform as per business requirements Communication with QA, product and production support teams etc. to deliver new or enhanced features and address issues/ concerns Development of features as per design provided Assistance of Production Support team for troubleshooting issues Development work for automation of operational tasks. Support system patch or version upgrade Assist with reporting tasks Duties and responsibilities Collaborate with developers, project managers, business analysts and business users in conceptualizing, estimating and developing new software applications and enhancements. Assist in defining software development project plans, including scoping, scheduling, providing time estimates for programming tasks and implementation plans. Assist in the definition, development, and documentation of softwares objectives, business requirements, deliverables, and specifications in collaboration with internal users and departments. Develop technical documentation to define the system components, development environment and implementation planning/ strategies Prepare and dispense work assignments, provide guidance, and/ or review the work of other team members. Collaborate with QA team to define test cases, metrics, and resolve questions about test results. Recommend business process flow improvements and clearly communicate problem/ resolution process to project management. Develops and implements solutions in accordance with policies and procedures. Facilitate the design and implementation process for new products/ projects, informing senior executive of alternatives. Administer full project documentation efforts in accordance with policy and procedure Perform root cause analysis (RCA) Work with cross- functional teams during crisis to address and resolve complex incidents and problems in addition to assessment, analysis, and resolution of cross- functional issues. Recognizes and identifies potential areas where existing policies and procedures associated with development requires improvement and helps in the process improvement activity. Update/ create Knowledge Base Articles and case studies as necessary. Assist in the creation and improvement of Knowledge Management Qualifications Minimum qualifications Developer with 6- 8 years of experience required. Excellent skills in Oracle databases and PL/ SQL. Need to be strong in Unix environment and capable of Unix Shell scripting. Ability to design and implement solutions that are reliable, scalable, and perform at a high- level to meet the service levels associated with mission- critical Oracle- based solutions. Knowledge of database architecture and best practices for Oracle SQL and PL/ SQL coding style and application tuning. Experience designing and developing complex enterprise applications (ERP, CRM, etc.) on large Oracle databases using SDLC methodologies (agile, waterfall) . Excellent in impact- analysis and root cause analysis. Proven analytical and problem- solving abilities with ability to anticipate and avoid problems. Experience in performance tuning, application monitoring and support of production applications with distributed teams. Ability to define and implement migration strategies from legacy systems to new architecture and technologies. Ability to work well within a team environment that includes geographically distributed team members. Ability to work within tight deadlines and effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment. Strong communication skills (verbal and written) and an ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences. Ability to design and build flexible and extensible systems with focus on code reuse and generation. Experience with writing detailed technical specifications for developers; design, validate and execute software test plans. Familiar with Application Development Life Cycle and be able to independently participate in each components. Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or equivalent Preferred qualifications Technical o Working knowledge of SQL Server and experience in automotive marketing and/ or CRM applications preferred. o Experience with Informatica or some ETL tool, and TFS preferred. Non- Technical: o Good Analytical and problem solving skills. o Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot problems quickly to maintain operational stability. o Motivated to learn new applications and domain. o Possess appetite for learning through exploration and reverse engineering. o Strong time management skills. o Ability to take full ownership of tasks and projects. Behavioral Attributes: o Team player with excellent interpersonal skills. o Good verbal and written communication. o Possess Can- Do attitude to overcome any kind of challenges. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details