TITLE: SAP Hana Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. Responsibilities SAP HANA Appliance design and development (Converged Systems 500 & Converged Systems 900) Enhance SAP HANA ecosystem through design and implementation of reference architectures Designs enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on general objectives and knowledge of overall architecture of product or solution. Writes and executes complete testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs, and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architecture Leads a project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned systems portion or subsystem Collaborates and communicates with management, internal, and outsourced development partners regarding software systems design status, project progress, and issue resolution Represents the software systems engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members. Education and Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent Minimum 12 years experience Knowledge and Skills Experience in SAP S/4HANA Experience in SAP Basis Administration and SAP HANA DB Administration Experience in SAP HANA Dynamic Tiering Good knowledge of Basis, NetWeaver, SAP HANA, Solution Manager Experience in RHEL, SLES OS Experience in Storage/Networking/Servers Well familiar with key designs principles of network, storage, HA and preferably DR Experience in migration and upgrade of Databases Experience in Benchmarking, Performance Tuning and trouble shooting performance issues Experience in using Visio Up-to-date with industry standards and technology trends. Proven documentation skills. Knowledge on creating Reference Architecture. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at management levels. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Product Development Experience is desirable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an innovation driven end-to-end IT services company. Our services comprises of providing business consultation and robust IT Re-engineering services. We extend our offerings to start-ups, SMBs, and enterprises with complete enterprise mobility solution. Theses programmes include native applications development, web based applications development, and web design solution such as responsive web design, package deployment, integration, support and maintenance services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details