TITLE: Sales Commission Analyst 1

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Calculates commission/ incentive award payments to sales personnel based on commission plan provisions. Performs staff support activities needed for the development, implementation, communication and administration of sales commission or incentive programs, plans, policies and quotas. Reviews commission payment reports for accuracy and completeness. Able to verify and follow through, ensuring accuracy and timeliness of commission payments as outlined in the plan. Resolves reconciliation issues. Typically maintains or audits information needed to track revenue. May analyze sales performance results, prepare commission expense reports, presentations and recommendations for sales and/ or finance management. Typically uses spreadsheets, ERP systems or dedicated computer programs to gather data for payment calculation or analysis. May contribute to the development or improvement of systems to effectively track or capture data. May perform cost analysis or modeling of alternative commission/ incentive plan design or quota levels. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Computes commission/ incentive payments to sales personnel based on commission plan provisions Job Title Incentive Compensation Senior Analyst Department: APAC Sales Compensation General Function: Ensure timely and accurate submission of License, Consulting, or Support Services Sales Teams commissions and/ or bonuses in accordance with accepted compensation plans, terms and conditions, standard business practices, and internal controls. Partner with customers to research and satisfactorily resolve compensation related inquiries. Responsibilities: Manage all aspects of plan and hierarchy setup required for Sales Representatives and Managers within assigned territories Analyze and adjust transactions to ensure accuracy per plan eligibility guidelines Review and process appropriately approved sales credit adjustments (e.g. JEs) Calculate, validate accuracy of, and submit monthly and/ or quarterly commission payments to Management within specified deadlines Validate and register approved teaming agreements Assist Sales and Finance customers in reconciliation of sales credit and commission as required Engage with customers to research and accurately resolve commission and/ or bonus payment related inquiries Provide required guidance or training to key customers and stakeholders on commission relevant processes and deadlines, use of available reports, reconciliation responsibilities, eligibility, and / or dispute resolution workflow Develop and conduct internal peer training as assigned to ensure ongoing process cohesiveness effectively communicate process or policy deficiencies to Management and actively partner with key players to implement required change Qualifications: B.Com/ M.B.A preferably in Finance related field 4- 6 years of professional work experience Innovative problem solver with strong analytical and decision making skills Ability to meet strict deadlines and work under pressure Willingness and ability to work extended hours when required Excellent customer service focus Ability to work productively independently and in a team environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated knowledge and use of Excel spreadsheets Capacity to learn quickly and adapt to change Prior compensation experience and/ or familiarity with Oracle Applications will be plus. Works With Sales Representatives or Consultants, Sales Management, Line of Business Finance, Human Resources and Operations, Global Incentive Planning, Tactical Planning Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details