TITLE: Implementation Lead - Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will work directly with clients to understand their value drivers and the deployment process of our software. You will have a deep understanding of the product architecture and feature roadmap, and be able to translate complex functional, technical, and business requirements into architectural designs (both high level and low level) . You will develop processes and product changes to drive efficient and high quality delivery so that this company can continue its rapid growth Adapt to a quickly changing environment and interact with a broad customer base with diverse needs and functional responsibilities Coordinate with delivery project managers and business analysts to draft project scope and compile delivery estimates. - What you need to succeed 7 yearrsquos experience in Software development Systems or Database administration. Must have experience in using technology to solve tough business problems. Strong in SQL and ETL. Programming and scripting skills are strongly preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills - The role is about understanding needs, providing advice, managing risks and delivering the right technology results. Ability to Deep Dive into the specifics - the technical solutions, the interfaces, the data, the trouble spots and so on. High ownership: You are the point- person responsible for pulling together the team, escalating issues and delivering the project on time and with quality You will be working in a high intensity, fast moving environment. Handle multiple projects and deliver high quality outputs within tight timelines. Must be willing to travel up to 30 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boomerang Commerce Boomerang Commerce Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details