TITLE: Market Research Analyst 2

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the marketing organization, research and analyze the markets and competition to identify business opportunities for Oracle, the world*s largest enterprise software company. As a key contributor to the worldwide marketing team, your research will help to drive delivery of Oracle*s message to the marketplace, contributing to effectiveness and business results. As a team member research and analysis of current and future markets, products and services identifying business opportunities that support the achievement of short and long term business objectives, increased profit and market control. Disseminate key corporate information to the geography operations pertaining to new product development/ launches; following set procedures and practices. Act as a liaison with marketing management to ensure that assigned marketing activities are in support of sales plans. Follow established policy and procedures to ensure consistency between global directions and single- geography implementation choices. Use own experience and marketing knowledge - and initiative within standard procedures/ practices - to perform and complete assign tasks. Assist with the Implementation and monitoring of advertising campaigns on a geographical basis as needed. Maintain necessary contact with suppliers, agencies, customers, industry associations and government representatives to achieve marketing objectives. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. 2 years relevant experience. Software business management experience. Sales and Marketing experience in the IT industry. E- business Internet practical know- how. Professional credentials in Marketing, Academic credentials desirable. Past experience in Sales desirable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details