TITLE: Customer Service Snr Manager- Support

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. The Client Relations Senior Manager is responsible for delivery of departmental results for the U.S. Operation through successful direction of line managers and their staff within the department. You will ensure high levels of customer satisfaction by making certain that quality and productivity guidelines are established and strived for by each team, driving quality/ productivity improvement efforts, understanding and conveying strategies of the Oracle Support Services organization, and positioning the organization within support and Oracle. The Senior Manager will be responsible for all aspects of the respective US Client Relations organization, including the direction of department managers and their staff. A large component of this job is to translate departmental goals into performance objectives for each line manager and measure departmental and individual performance against plan. To accomplish this goal, you will jointly develop and implement an employee development plan for each line manager and recommend strategies for improvement areas. Your role will also include first line approval for salary and bonus recommendations as well as approving all personnel decisions (including hiring, promotion, transfer, compensation, and disciplinary action) . Manages and controls activities in multi- functional areas of sections. Ensures appropriate operational planning is effectively executed to meet Corporate specifications. Bachelors degree as well as at least 5 years Client Relations experience or appropriate related experience at Oracle. A proven track record of excellent problem solving and research skills, and excellent communication skills, while projecting a positive, professional image. Because of the nature of this position, you should have excellent communication skills, as well as the ability to provide leadership and direction to a professional team. As a Manager, you will demonstrate good judgment in the balancing of customer, employee, and company objectives. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Lead and/ or support Hyperion Practice for Oracle's Managed Cloud Services Organization. Should have solid experience in leading, and managing Hyperion engagements. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details