TITLE: Systems Analyst 3- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Be a part of the E- Business Suite success story. Work with Oracle*s world class technology to develop, implement, and support Oracle*s global infrastructure. Work closely with Oracle*s internal business and development teams to drive the technical/ functional global implementation of Oracle*s applications internally. The main responsibilities may include: Manage all aspects of internal deployment projects and work closely with the internal teams on status, issues and communications. Define business specifications with the internal user community for the global deployment of the application. Define and drive business specifications for product and component integration points. Map standard application functionality to global/ local business specifications. Manage product gaps from business specifications to product enhancement and/ or business process change. Gather specifications and drive solutions from a global perspective across the e- Business Suite. Define product enhancements to drive solutions across the e- Business Suite for all customers. Manage product setup definition and configuration along with internal business process teams. Manage all aspect of product rollout and coordination with internal teams. Define specifications for data migration from legacy systems into newer applications. Define specifications for data interfaces between applications for product rollouts. Manage user acceptance testing and transfer of information to internal teams. Provide technical support for implemented applications; diagnosing and reporting bugs, applying patches and upgrades as needed. Establish priorities for feasibility studies, systems design and implementation to develop new and/ or modify the company*s information processing systems. Coordinate with functional departments involved to collect system specifications, techniques, and controls. Interact with senior management within Product Development, Business organizations and Global IT. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. 2- 4 years of related experience in a medium to large network distributed and computing environment. BS or equivalent experience in programming on enterprise or department servers or systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required ATG Commerce On Demand - Operations Support Requirements: Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Complete fluency in English Comfortable with daily and frequent direct interaction with customers who are located across the globe Strong knowledge on 1) Oracle Commerce (ATG) - BCC, Search, Order Related Query 2) Oracle ENDECA - Basic Knowledge 3) Application Server - Jboss and Weblogic 4) Web Server - Apache/ OHS Working knowledge of Linux, common commands, basic shell scripting Basic technical support activities like: remote login using SSH, FTP transfers of diagnostic/ log data etc. Strong organizational and problem solving skills Competency or familiarity with enterprise infrastructure architectures and internetworking concept Provide technical triage and utilize troubleshooting skills to either resolve customer issues or quickly identify when to escalate to senior support team Strong task execution skills; ability to take direction and work with a team and within a project plan or SLA to meet deadlines Communicate incident and task status to team and customers in a timely and professional manner Preferred Candidates: Experience with ATG commerce application in either support, deployment or implementation roles Experience in supporting complex applications/ products for world- wide customers over voice and e- mail. Knowledge of common Java debugging techniques. Receive advanced training in ATGs product lines that need to be supported. Ability to work well and communicate effectively with application specialists, developers, designers, technical account managers, product managers, customer support personnel, and customers in a fast- paced environment. Competency or familiarity with enterprise application architectures and internetworking concepts (competency in networking, database, firewall, web servers (Apache) , load balancers) Qualification: Bachelor degree in engineering, computer science or related field. 5 - 7 years of technical support experience in serving international customers. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details