TITLE: consultant qlikview

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 25, Designation Consultant (Qlikview) Location Bangalore About employer Modelytics India Pvt Ltd Modelytics India Pvt Ltd (www.modelytics.com) was established to offer analytical Consultant (Qlikview) Modelytics India Pvt Ltd Bangalore (1 2 years of Experience) Learn everything about Analytics Modelytics India Pvt Ltd (www.modelytics.com) was established to offer analytical solutions and functional strategies to various consumer lending institutions in the US and Europe. We offer data driven business solutions and process reengineering services in the marketing risk management domains. Our clients include some of the leading players in mortgage, credit card other consumer finance industries in the US Europe. Job description: Responsibilities The current opening is for the role of a Consultant (Qlikview) . The key responsibilities are as follows: Qualitative and quantitative data analysis using Qlikview, SAS and SQL and predictive modeling. Managing the project work Interacting with the client either over the phone or email. Manage/ mentor a team of 2- 4 business analysts Qualification and Skills Required BE/ B.Tech from reputed institutions Excellent thinking and communication skills (studied in English medium) Total experience 2- 3 years. Minimum 75% of the total experience should be in analytics industry. 1- 2 year/ s experience in Qlikview or Minimum 50% of the total experience should be in Qlikview. Knowledge and skills in SAS will be preferred. Knowledge and skills in modeling and statistical analysis will be preferred. Working Hours: 11: 30 a.m. to 8: 00 p.m. for female staff and 3: 00 to 11: 00 p.m. for male staff. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Mutual Funds/Fund Management/Asset Management Role:Portfolio Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innoplexus Innoplexus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details