TITLE: Windows / Build Systems Administrator 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This individual will deploy, maintain, monitor and support all Windows infrastructure- related activities of the organization. The Windows System Administrator must have experience building and configuring systems (hardware, software, file systems) , work closely with other departments to identify, recommend, implement, and support cost- effective technology solutions in a project oriented environment. Manage a shared ticket queue of daily system requests. Primary technologies include: All Microsoft Server Operating Systems - Server 2003 / Server 2008 / Server 2012, Microsoft Active Directory, SQL, Citrix, VMWare ESXi and Microsoft Clustering, Strong IIS and DNS. Duties and Responsibilities: Able to monitor, modify and maintain assigned system (s) in support of optimal performance and availability. Able to troubleshoot and resolve system/ network issues in a timely manner. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. General communication and customer interaction skills Good knowledge of IT infrastructure concepts and principles. Good knowledge of products offerings. Minimum qualifications: Expert knowledge of All Microsoft operating systems. Strong technical knowledge of Citrix, VMWare ESX / ESXi and Virtual Center. Strong technical knowledge of current network principals, protocols and standards. Proven experience in IT infrastructure planning, performance monitoring and development. Familiar with applicable data privacy practices and laws. Strong understanding of project management principles. Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills. Highly self- motivated, directed with keen attention to detail. Proven analytical, evaluative and problem- solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment. Exceptional customer service orientation. Extensive experience working in a team- oriented, collaborative environment. 2 years of system administration experience on MS Windows platforms. Experience with Active Directory. Experience with Citrix. Experience with VMWare ESXi. MCSE 2003 or MCITP strongly preferred. Good understanding of MS Windows architecture and system level resources. Experienced with hardware and peripheral installation, maintenance. Experience in automation and scripting strongly preferred. Knowledge of IP networks and principals. Experience working in large datacenter environments. On- call availability. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details