TITLE: DOT NET APPLICATION DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Application Developer develops technology driven solutions based on the specific requirements of university departments. He will also work to advance the functionality and value of the previously developed systems in production. Working independently and under minimal supervision, this developer will analyze business requirements, transforming those requirements into optimal systems implementations as well as be actively working on multiple projects in a leveraged capacity at all stages of the development lifecycle. The main focus for this position is UI development, but will require good working knowledge of general database programming as well. MINIMUM QUALIFICATION AND EXPERIENCE University degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Appropriate certifications in area of expertise: A minimum three years extensive programming experience in , Net, and related Programming tools including JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, ASP.NET, PHP, CGI, Perl, applets, servlets, with at least 2 years experience in higher education institution. Analyze, design and program web- based applications using the latest .NET Framework Develops, creates, and modifies general computer applications software or specialized utility programs Analyzes user needs and develops software solutions Design software or customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency lmplements software application solutions for diverse and complex business requirements, to include packaged application customization, custom application development and well as multi systems integration. May analyze and design databases within an application area, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team Testing and debugging application code Modifies existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance Develops and directs software system testin8 and validation procedures, programming, and documentation Confers with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED A good background of systems analysis and design. Experience in developing database driven applications. Knowledge of programming tools like SQL, XML and JDBC/ JSP Comprehensive knowledge and working experience with Windows Requires significant expertise in applicable and various development technologies. Prior experience as a programmer/ analyst with thorough knowledge field, common tools, and common utilities preferred. Must possess strong analytical skills and effective interpersonal and communication skills to interact with a wide range of users having different levels of computer expertise. Ability to design workable solutions to problems in a timely manner DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iPrimitus Consultancy Services iPrimitus Consultancy Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details