TITLE: GF Business Analyst Roles and Authorisations

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Job Purpose The business analyst is responsible for the identification and definition of the business needs of stakeholders for the (mainly SAP) applications managed by HR- IT) , to help determine IT solution (s) to meet their business needs or resolve their business problem (s) . The business analyst will develop a deep understanding of the business, the processes, the applications, and the information and data, in the area of HR- IT, and provides business analysis support to delivery vertical teams and consultancy assistance to the Business Interface (BI) to drive value for the business. 2. Job Dimensions - Direct Budget: Part of total value of projects in HR- IT Competency Centre, on average $1M per annum Influences portfolio spend of circa $450M Direct Reports: None Total Staff: Business Analyst works, closely together with Competency Centre (CC) Lead, with all people in CC: 100- 200 (including contractors) Application Portfolio: Around 160 applications in HR- IT. Cross- functional, complex, and multidimensional interconnected projects 3. Organisation The Global Functions Delivery Vertical (GF- IT DV) exists to deliver business IT solutions that positively impact the bottom line of the enterprise. We do this with passionate and skilled people delivering to commitments, proud of their achievements and the DV community they are part of. We manage an enterprise wide portfolio for Group Functions: Finance, Contracting & Procurement (FIN- IT) , Human Resources (HR- IT) , Business Administration (BA- IT and IT in Shell that supports IT professionals (IT4IT) , with enhancements and continuous improvement to meet changing business needs. Our delivery approach provides agile and innovative solutions that maximise the value of Global Functions IT investments in systems, processes, information and data. We recognise we are part of an enterprise- wide IT organisation where collaborative working with colleagues elsewhere in GF IT and in ITSO is a given. This is fundamental in providing high quality, well managed and fit for purpose end- to- end solutions for the businesses. The business analyst Roles and Authorisations, reports to the Portfolio Lead for Strategy, and is part of the HR- IT Competency Centre. The accountability of the Competency Centre Manager includes delivery of IT projects, solutions, enhancements & releases within the scope of HR- IT. 4. Location, Terms Country: India Work Location: Bangalore Terms & Conditions: Local Terms 5.Principal Work Accountabilities Business Analysis: - Takes responsibility for investigative work to determine requirements and specify effective business processes, through improvements in information systems, data management, practices, procedures, organisation, and equipment. Applies and monitors the use of required modelling and analysis tools, methods and standards. Conducts investigations at a high level for strategy studies, requirements specifications and feasibility studies. Defines plans and justifies (in business terms) projects to develop/ implement automated and non- automated components of new or changed processes. Business Process Improvement: - Analyses business processes; identifies alternative solutions, assesses feasibility and recommends new approaches. Contributes to evaluating the factors that must be addressed in the change programme. Helps establish requirements for the implementation of changes in the business process. Business Process Testing: - Designs and manages tests of new/ updated processes. Specifies test environment for whole lifecycle testing (e.g. using a model office concept) . Manages the selection/ creation of relevant scenarios for testing and ensures that tests reflect realistic operational business conditions. Ensures that tests and results are documented, reported to stakeholders and are available for specification of user instructions. Consultancy: - Provides well- informed advice, typically within a specific technical specialism, ensuring that it is properly understood and appropriately exploited, to enhance the effectiveness of significant activities Data Analysis: - Investigates corporate data requirements and applies data analysis, data modelling, and quality assurance techniques, to establish, modify, or maintain data structures and their associated components (entity descriptions, relationship descriptions, attribute definitions) . Provides advice and guidance to database designers and others using the data structures and associated components. Technical Specialism: - Maintains knowledge of Roles and Authorisations Management, specifically for applications in SAP ERP HCM, SAP ERP EHS and SAP BW/ BO (HANA) . This knowledge relates mainly to the configuration tables that drive the functionality provided by SAP in these areas. - Maintains knowledge of SAP Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) solutions and understands how application access related risks can be mitigated with appropriate controls using functionality provided by SAP. Non- Functional Needs Analysis: - Advises on tools and methods to be used and clarifies and communicates the non- functional requirements of system users, their characteristics and tasks and the technical, organisational, and physical environment in which products or systems will operate. Knowledge Management: - Develop and maintain in- depth knowledge of the business, processes, applications, information and data. Participate in the BA Network and learn from and share information with colleagues within IT and the businesses. 6. Special Challenges Ability to work in a fast- paced, demanding, rapidly changing environment Strong engagement skills, working with business partners on regular basis Need for team- working skills in a virtual environment; willingness to travel occasionall Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 7.Job Competences and Experience Graduate or post graduate Years of experience 5- 10 years Experience in business analyses, business IT change management, IT project management, preferably within Shell context A professional certification e.g. CBAP is desirable, but training will be offered if required Familiar with a range of analysis, modelling, and design methods; has broad current knowledge of IT standards, applications, and trends Experienced in communicating and partnering with stakeholders across cultures and at all organizations, singly and in groups Has a comprehensive understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management, and software testing and of all testing events throughout the development lifecycle. Takes a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving and pays close attention to detail. Knowledge or experience of one or more of the following would be extremely beneficial: - Strong knowledge of business and business skills Solutions used in HR generally and Shell People specifically, be it solutions used within Shell or externally Roles and Authorisations Management, specifically for applications in SAP ERP HCM, SAP ERP EHS and SAP BW/ BO (HANA) . Strong knowledge of SAP Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) solutions Company Profile: Continental Automotive Components (India) Pvt Ltd Continental Automotive Components (India) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details