TITLE: Revenue Analyst 1- Fin

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensures that revenue is recognized in accordance with Corporate and SEC standards. Provides direction to sales organization prior to contracts being concluded. As a member of Revenue Accounting you will assist in the processing of revenue impacting adjustments and reconciling balance sheet account. Monitor revenue, reconcile receivables, and unearned accounts. Work with internal customers to resolve related revenue inquiries. Assist in facilitating the automation of current processes and procedures. You may participate in special projects. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Strong analytical, prioritization and communication skills in partnering with other internal groups and management. Familiarity with Excel spreadsheets is essential. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience. BA/ BS degree in Accounting or equivalent. Some positions need you to be bilingual in English and Spanish or Portuguese Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Develop thorough understanding of the process. - Lead the query resolution of the team on the process give inputs for Quality improvement ideas. - Conduct training for new joiners on the team. - Support Team/ Process initiatives & help improve team engagement. - Review technical/ process changes in a timely manner, resolving concerns in liaison with appropriate authorities and ensure team understanding on the same. - Undertake Testing based on requirements. - Responsibility to highlight process/ performance/ SLA issues to Management - Deliver assigned tasks delegated by Line and Reviewing managers. - Up to 5 years of work experience. - Able to demonstrate examples from previous roles in the areas listed above. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details