TITLE: Technical Analyst 2- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Your primary task will be to provide support to customers who contact the Oracle Solution Center and maintain high level of customer satisfaction while meeting guidelines (mostly through electronic means) . Able to work with general guidance from senior support engineers and management and, in some areas, may work independently. Solutions often take time to develop through research, collaboration or problem replication. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. One year prior working experience with Oracle products (or at least two years related experience without Oracle products) and technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR functional degree technical higher degree or in lieu of degree may substitute 4 years professional experience and professional certification (i.e., CNE, MCSE, CPA, Oracle, etc.) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Department Description: Oracle Linux The Oracle Linux Support program delivers enterprise class support for Linux with premier backports, legal indemnification, full- stack testing, modern kernels, and more. Oracle Linux support includes support for OpenStack, Containers, Docker and use of our industry leading zero- downtime ksplice patching technology. Driven by the need for true enterprise quality Linux support and seeing an opportunity to significantly reduce IT infrastructure costs, more and more customers have been finding great value in Oracle's Linux Operating System Support for over 9 years. Oracle VM Server for x86 Oracle VM is server virtualization software that fully supports both Oracle and non- Oracle applications, and delivers efficient performance and reduced system implementation time. Backed by Oracle's world- class support organization, customers now have a single point of enterprise- class support for their entire virtualization environments, including Oracle Database, Fusion Middleware, Applications, and Linux, which are certified with Oracle VM. Oracle VM and Oracle Linux are integral components of cloud infrastructure deployed by a large number of enterprise customers worldwide. See http: / / linux.oracle.com for more information. Job Description: KEY OBJECTIVES: This position is for remote customer support of Oracle Linux and Oracle VM products.The teams primary responsibility is to diagnose, debug and resolve customer reported issues on Oracle Linux and Oracle VM for x86 family of products, working in partnership with customers, other support teams and developers. The team members continually exercise and grow diverse skills, as they deliver the highest quality support possible to customers. The position requires working on a 24/ 7 shift pattern on a rotational schedule as well as covering weekends/ public holidays. Work location is Bangalore. Required and desired skills include: Excellent knowledge of the Linux OS internals Experience managing and troubleshooting Linux servers in production settings Excellent system- level debugging skills Experience with one or more functional areas of Linux (e.g. kernel, networking, file system, gcc) Experience with Virtualization and Clustering technologies Experience working on OpenStack technologies is a plus Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Excellent spoken and written English communications skills Good customer interaction skills Customer focused with a pro- active and responsive approach Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details