TITLE: Vendor Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Vendor Manager Cloudtail India Pvt Ltd is seeking business managers for our locations in India. We are looking for a smart, enthusiastic, hard- working, and creative candidate to join our team as a Vendor Manager. This position offers an exciting opportunity to work in a start- up business team. The successful candidate will be the business owner for a category or multiple categories, with responsibility for deciding the right selection mix for the category, identifying the right source for the selection and building relationships with top brands. The vendor manager is also responsible for identifying and executing initiatives to boost growth, driving terms improvements with brands and delivering top notch customer experience. He/ she must be an effective leader and communicator working with our most important partners and vendors, as well as with internal colleagues and groups. He/ she should have strong negotiation skills and a good business judgment with a track record of strong ownership values and relationship management skills. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA Sales distribution, Business, Consulting or Finance background. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Proven negotiation skills, influencing abilities Strong numerical and analytical aptitude Proven experience leading cross- functional projects Ability to think and react in a high- energy, fast- paced environment Good organizational skills including prioritizing, scheduling, time management, and meeting deadlines Detail- oriented Technical aptitude and agility to learn web- based tools Bachelors degree 5 + years of relevant experience in sales manager / account manager/ vendor manager role desired The position is based out of Bangalore. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MBA Sales / business development experience in FMCG / retail / technology companies The ideal candidate will be innovative, team oriented, an effective communicator, have a desire to participate in change and appreciate a dynamic environment with rapidly changing priorities. We are seeking someone with demonstrated history of successful project ownership and using customer data to identify and prioritize opportunities. An understanding of, and passion for, e- commerce is highly desired. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prione Business Services Private Limited Prione Business Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details