TITLE: Associate

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this MarketShare, a Neustar Solution, provides a unique opportunity for professionals seeking to develop and grow their skills in marketing, analytics, consulting, and project management through intensive client engagements and ongoing firm development. MarketShare, a Neustar Solution, is growing and looking for an extraordinary Associate - Data to join our team. Our SaaS offerings capitalize on use of big analytics on big data to help Fortune 500 companies optimize their advertising and marketing spend. Our goal is to deliver innovative and intuitive user experience for brand marketers to make better budget allocation decisions on a day to day basis. We have created an advanced predictive analytics big data platform on the cloud that crunches large volumes of data, builds and applies models to allow the marketers to run what- if scenarios on real life budget allocation situations and get a recommendation on better allocation. In this role you will run along the cutting edge with an all- star lineup of experts in computer science, software engineering, marketing science, operation research and marketing strategy. You will lead, prioritize, evangelize, and ship the next generation of SaaS products to an under penetrated market that is yielding 10X return on investment for the Marketers. Responsibilities: Understand the requirements of a predictive analytics product Design a cloud based multitenant application database where end users can generate new data in addition to the BI use case Develop a data pipeline that is highly scalable, performant and automated, with necessary safeguards in place and self- healing capability Collaborate with peers but exercise independent judgment to achieve optimal results Partner with senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, quality assurance, and other teams to deliver a world class data platform that fuels our analytics engine Work in a fast paced, rewarding environment with bleeding edge technologies and innovative concepts As a company developing innovative and ground- breaking solutions for our clients, we recognize that candidates from distinct backgrounds may be a good potential fit. Our ideal candidates possess previous experience delivering scalable SaaS products, and quite comfortable with data intensive, analytics products from concept to launch. (please highlight your experience specifically with enterprise SaaS based predictive analytics products) Bachelor Degree with 1 - 3 years of experience in software development, ETL, data engineering, DW/ BI space Excellent SQL and PL/ SQL skills and in- depth understanding of database technologies, Oracle preferred Proficiency in ETL tools like Pentaho Kettle (preferred) , Informatica, etc. Extra point for experience in building a cloud based data platform for a SaaS product company Experience with Agile methodology is a plus Excellent team player, able to work with global cross functional teams Ability to clearly articulate ideas and inspire others for action; clear, succinct and persuasive at all levels Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Why work with usBecause you are ready to be challenged every day in spite of mastering your craft! You are willing to fight for the customer and iteratively entice them with the full range of MarketShares solutions. MarketShare is an analytics company that enables businesses to grow more efficiently via cross- media attribution and marketing optimization through our platform of combined technology, data, modelling and business intelligence solutions. Comfort with ambiguity: We embrace the complexity of our clients environments and believe that there are seldom easy answers. Embracing the high- wire act: Were inventing the space where marketing meets math. This is a new category, and we have to innovate as we go. Pragmatically curious: We have never met a problem that we didnt want to solve. That said, we recognize trade- offs are required due to client priorities. We are reshaping the way companies think about advertising and marketing their products and services and delivers unprecedented recommendations and checkpoints to help them achieve the best possible ROI via marketing. The mathematics and modelling behind our work are globally recognized and respected as industry- leading. Our solutions help marketing executives answer complicated questions such as: What is the effectiveness of our marketing investments in generating sales, and where should our next dollar be spent How do TV, radio and print media drive online behaviours and resulting sales, and how do we balance our online- offline mix Within online channels, how can we continually optimize our digital marketing across publisher sites, keywords, etc. MarketShare team has grown worldwide across Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, London, Tokyo, and Bangalore. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MarketShare MarketShare Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details