TITLE: SqlServer Database Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. The Database Engineering team in GTI Service Delivery Platform as a Service organization is responsible for Database patterns, Engineering standards, automated builds, integrated & common Database ecosystem and productivity initiatives across the firm. The team works in conjunction with other technology towers and LoBs to ensure that databases are deployed around a set of standards and best practices that is integrated with the enterprise infrastructure. We are looking for a Senior Database Engineer with a proven track record in Database Architecture, Strategies & Engineering, Research and Development and have worked on strategic database initiatives. Most importantly, they will have an excellent understanding of how database technology can best be utilized to meet the needs of the business. Although primarily an individual contributor, you will also be expected to have worked in virtual cross- tower teams in strategic programs, to drive database agendas & Projects at the global perspective and influence and communicate across the organization. You will be expected to engage with Clients/ Lines of businesses on a consultancy level, so a strong mix of hard and soft skills is essential. Initially, you will contribute to one or more of the initiatives; the Database Engineering team is currently working on: Firmwide Database Strategy, DB Solutions architecture/ Design & Consulting. SQL Server DBaaS Patterns on Physical & Virtualized Infrastructure Database builds automation with ecosystem integration. Database Best Practices, Research & Development, Benchmarking, Build Standards etc. Research & Development on various Database technologies to drive cost & Operational efficiencies (e.g. Database Automation, Database storage virtualization, Cloning etc.) Database Security Engg & Standards including R&D on various Data Protection technologies (Data encryption including Key Management, In Transit, Masking, Redaction etc.) SQL Server 2012/ 2014 Engineering, Database Mirroring, Always On, etc. A strong focus of this role will be in developing/ enhancing SQL Server DB automated builds & ecosystem integration using PowerShell scripts, VBScript, T- SQL etc. Familiarity with Source Code Control system, Modular programming, and Software release management highly desired. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 10 years of DBA (Plan, Build, Operate) experience SQL Server (2008/ R2/ 2012/ 2014) 5 years in Application Development and Automation (Windows platform, Subversion, Software release management) 7 years of working experience in SQL Server Cluster, Database Mirroring, Backup/ Restore Experience with features such as Analysis Services, Integration Services, and Reporting Services. Proficiency with PowerShell scripting, VBScript, T- SQL Good knowledge of SCOM and SCCM tools. Proven track record of database architectural design and Solutions consulting for various business requirements. Working experience with building databases on virtualized platforms (such as VMware) , a real plus. Proficiency with different benchmarking methodologies & tools (e.g. Benchmark Factory etc.) including custom development of tools. Expertise in Database Performance assessments, Performance benchmarks, Response time profiling, diagnostics & tuning Proficiency in data replication technologies (e.g. Database Mirroring/ Always On/ Log Shipping) and Cross- platform Database/ Data migration. Good understanding of distributed computing technologies including server hardware, operating systems, networks and storage. Develop detailed build and operations documentation, best practices and test plans. Maintain a clear understanding of the end to end solution and the impact of changes to the components that make up the Service. Strong written, oral and Presentation skills. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer M/ F/ Disability/ Veteran Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details