TITLE: Database - Specialized Technologies

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Global Customer Support provides technical assistance for all Oracle products, ensuring maximum availability of Oracle customers systems and helping them to benefit from running the latest Oracle technology and applications. Responsibilities : o As a Support Engineer to be part of Global Customer Services that provides support to customer's issues o Maintain product expertise in assigned cluster o Contribute to Knowledge Management content creation and maintenance o Work with Development to diagnose bugs and improve product quality ( testing, Support Readiness Program, Beta program etc) o Play an active role within the the team by assisting others in solving issues Role Description As a Senior Support Engineer, you will offer strategic technical support to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction. A primary focus is to create/ utilize automated technology and instrumentation to diagnose, document, and resolve/ avoid customer issues. You are expected to be a contributing member of the technical problem solving/ problem avoidance team, routinely sought after to address extremely complex, critical customer issues. You will be expected to thrive in a fast- paced team oriented environment where each team member is offered/ self explore avenues to contribute in a variety of ways. And b e a team player to collaborate across/ within competency teams both local and global levels in providing superior ownership experience while resolving customer issues. Looking for a candidate with 5 years of good experience in atleast one of the skills: MIT : z/ OS Systems Programmer Senior is a senior level member of a z/ OS operating system and operating system components team that supports a multiple z/ OS environments, including a mix of stand- alone LPARs and parallel sysplex LPARs, in a large and diverse high availability environment. The position will include: Installation, maintenance, and problem resolution for z/ OS operating system software using SMP/ e IBM Mainframe , COBOL, JCL, DB2, CICS Preferrable: IBM web sphere application server and ITCAM monitoring Proficient using ISPF, JCL, SDSF Oracle RDB database HP OpenVMS platform : Installation, Patching, Monitoring, Performance management, Installing third party applications on VMS etc. Oracle transparent gateways Oracle Timesten database Oracle Lite database (OLITE) Soft skills - - - - - - - - - - - o Should have strong customer service skills and an eagerness to excel o Excellent trouble- shooting skills and tenacity in problem solving o Strong analytical skills o Ability to work under pressure o Demonstrated ability to coordinate the resolution of escalated issues o Ability to manage escalated technical situations & develop action plans o Strong communication and customer- facing skills Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details