TITLE: Channel / Biz. Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for creating sales for the company thru recruitment of channels Responsible for maintaining excellent relationship with resellers and channels Responsible for all communication of all channel activities with resellers/ channels Acquire in depth knowledge of our network security appliance products and solution offerings Deliver corporate presentations and software demonstrations. Monitor and report on all sales activities and targeted pipelines Achieve channel sales target set Responsible for designing market plans to improve the market share of the company. Responsible for Training resellers/channels how to effectively sell our company products. Develop training materials, create presentation for resellers/channels To actively manage the sales pipeline including creation of contact lists, cold calling the customers, sending proposals and managing the sales pipeline. Work closely with the customer base to ensure they are successful using our solutions, making sure they have the technical resources required & understand the technical requirements of our customers and work closely with the internal team to guide the direction of offerings. Prepare and give business reviews to the management team regarding progress and problems in closing new customers/channels. Salary: Negotiable for deserving candidate Industry: Security / Law Enforcement Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Channel Sales Cold Calling Networking Recruitment Corporate Presentations Development Management Network Security Channel Manager Desired Candidate Profile Desired profile of the candidate: Bachelors Degree / business administration advantageous. Minimum of 3-7 years in a business development role. Must be fluent in English. Must possess a strong track record within the field and have a network of local clients. Relationship building, communication skills and selling ability essential. Must possess a comprehensive range of business skills. Desired work experience: 3 to 7 yrs relevant exp.Education: BE/ BBA/ MBA/ PGDMBachelors Degree / business administration advantageous Education- UG: B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Smile Security and Surveillance Pvt Ltd Smile Security and Surveillance Pvt. Ltd. (SSSPL) have been providing specialised network security, Secure VPN connectivity and video surveillance solutions that are easy to use, easy to deploy and provide proactive protection to organizations of varied sizes for over a decade. Company has two business divisions, AnexGATE and AnexSECURE. In AnexGATE business division, we are the designers, manufacturers, system solution integrators of scalable network security and secure connectivity solutions based on ANEXGATE brand APPLIANCES for businesses in every major market segment. In AnexSECURE Business division, we perform as a high end system integrator for Security Surveillance and related technologies for providing high level security to our customer property, material and people. Websites for reference: www.anexgate.com, www.anexsecure.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details