TITLE: Lead Engineer/ Technologist

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: In this role, The candidate will be responsible to lead projects involved in NX custom application development, build long term strategy and roadmap for the application. Essential Responsibilities: - Lead projects involved in NX custom application development, build long term strategy and roadmap for the application - Drive project through SDLC process using GE project management methodologies - Develop and support Aero design tools using computational geometry CAD automation tools (NX customization) for GE power businesses. - Work collaboratively with the Project team and functional team in the development of tools (requirements, design, development, testing, deployment activities) - Ensure on- time completion of project deliverables and adhere to defined project management, quality management processes and tools practices. - Effectively communicate with global user groups, functional owners & project leaders to execute on the project. - Actively contribute in the development of better processes and work towards developing best practices - Drive usage of tools with global users through proactive support, trainings & demos. - Develop and support CAD/ CAE automation tools (NX customization) for GE infrastructure businesses. - Work collaboratively with the Project team and functional team in the development of tools (requirements, design, development, testing, deployment activities) - Ensure on- time completion of project deliverables and adhere to defined project management, quality management processes and tools practices. - Effectively communicate with global user groups, functional owners & project leaders to execute on the project. - Actively contribute in the development of better processes and work towards developing best practices - Drive usage of tools with global users through proactive support, trainings & demo Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - Bachelors/ Masters of Engineering in Mechanical or related fields with excellent academic track record. - 5- 7 years of relevant experience in working on NX custom applications development in NX CAD & NX Advanced Simulation - Hands- on expertise in using NX Open API, C, C & user interface creation for developing automation tools. - Hands- on expertise in programming using C, C , Fortran - Expertise in computational geometry and algorithm development for curve/ surface fitting Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: - Excellent communication and presentation skills. - Six Sigma GB certification - Aero, mechanical design process knowledge Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details