TITLE: Senior Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Intermediate consulting position operating independently with some assistance and guidance to provide quality work products to a project team or customer that comply with Oracle methodologies and practices. Performs standard duties and tasks with some variation to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer specifications. Standard assignments are accomplished without assistance by exercising independent judgment, within defined policies and processes, to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. 2- 5 years of overall experience in relevant functional or technical roles. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively and build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overall around 4 years of experience 3 years of Core Java/ J2EE development using JSP, Tiles framework, JSF , Struts, Spring, Spring IOC, AOP, Spring MVC 2 years Work Experience in EJB, JPA, Hibernate Strong knowledge and Experience in developing and consuming SOAP/ Restful Web services, Implementing Web services Security (like OPSS) - Strong knowledge in J2EE Design Patterns is a plus - Strong knowledge in working with relational database - Expertise in using IDEs like Eclipse, JDeveloper - Knowledge in Ant/ Maven Build - Other Skills - JQuery, Ajax, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, JMS - Have great communication skills especially when working in a remote environment - Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. - Understand and analyze customer business pain points and business processes - Ability to communicate effectively and build rapport with team members and clients. Good Team Player, Willing to travel for international/ national engagements. - Be highly motivated and success- driven Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details