TITLE: Shift Manager, Production Analysis

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The offshore Shift manager Role is a hands- on position who is expected to drive and own application operations projects end to end with full accountability of successful delivery. Duties and responsibilities Responsible for Production operation activities for the assigned project Lead operation teams and provide technical direction and own Deliverables and SLAs Flexible to work across shifts on rotational Basis Implement industry standard Production support Best practices across team Responsible for Transition of operation activities to the offshore team and bring it to steady state operation Responsible for improving productivity and SLA by process Improvement, Knowledge management and Automation Participate in trouble shooting and resolving complex issues and system failures Handle multiple client teams and manage Incidents 24X7 and ensure minimal disruption to the service. Coordinate with on shore production analyst team to provide timely solution Qualifications Minimum qualifications Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required Must have 8 to 10 years of total IT experience with minimum 2 years as Team Lead. Experience in transitioning Production operation activities Hands- on experience in SQL, PL/ SQL and job schedulers. Hands - on experience with Linux, UNIX and Windows Operating System Hands - on experience with Automation and Scripting using Perl/ Python/ UNIX Shell. Very good understanding on ITIL process guidelines for incident, change and problem management. Should have in- depth technical background in L2/ L3 Application support. A strong desire to teach and mentor junior and mid- level production analysts and direct growth and goals of individual team members is essential. A strong communication skill as well as a dedicated work ethic is a must. The ability to display strong problem solving skills and perform under pressure is required. Preferred qualifications Prior experience in working in a staff- Aug production support project Prior experience in Process Improvement and Automation initiative in Support projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details