TITLE: QA Senior Automation Test Engineer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Headline Four lines maximum giving a brief overview of the key aspects of the role to capture a candidates interest and to make them want to read on. Senior Test Automation Engineer An exciting opportunity is available within Corporate Investment Bank (CIB) within the iDDA (International Demand Deposit Accounts) programme. The IAS QA group requires an expert (8 years) Senior Test Automation Engineer with experience of Rational Test WorkbenchGreenhat Tester to lead on approach, design and build of automation for mission critical banking application . The successful candidate will receive an excellent remuneration package at market competitive rates. About JP Morgan About J.P. Morgan Corporate Investment Bank - Treasury Services J .P. Morgans Treasury Services business is a full- service provider of innovative cash management, trade, liquidity, commercial card and escrow services - - specifically developed to meet the challenges treasury professionals face today. More than 135, 000 corporations, financial institutions, governments and municipalities in over 180 countries and territories entrust their business to J.P. Morgan . J.P. Morgan Treasury Services is one of the world's largest providers of treasury management services and a division of J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., member FDIC. More information can be found at www.jpmorgan.com/ ts . Department Description A brief description of your department, including business context of the role. Do NOT include any in- house terminology or acronyms remember this Job Description is seen by external candidates as well as internal ones. CIB Technology - International Account Services (IAS) The IAS Technology group are responsible for the a developing and implementing banking software for the International Demand Deposit Accounting (iDDA) platform. International DDA holds all cash accounts needed for banking products including core cash accounting, liquidity products and statement processing. The application is developed on a T24 banking software that provides an Online Transaction Processing (OLTP) across 90 branches across the globe. The group has multi- phased software development programmes running concurrently throughout the year. The group are located in Bournemouth- UK, Bangalore- India and Mumbai- India. Job Description A brief, high- level description of the actual position, providing a summary of the role and including business context. Senior Test Automation Engineer The IAS Quality Assurance Group is looking for Senior Test Automation engineer how has 8 years of automating message based and complex functional distribute banking applications using Rational Test WorkbenchGreenhat Tester. The candidate will be a thought leader in both integration and functional test automation and expert in SQL Programming and XML Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience / Key Skills Build up a summary of core skills required. Use generic terms where possible, and only specific technical skills when necessary. Consider what is absolutely essential & what can be provided with training. Differentiate between essential skills and desirable or nice to have skills . The candidate must have 8 years experience of automating a real time message and batch based distributed applications. The candidate must have proven capability in building data driven automation approach for functionally complex bankingfinancial application using Greenhat Tester or Rational Test Workbench. If the candidate experience is limited to web based or emulator automation only please do not apply. The candidate must have strong exposure to XML and Oracle SQL xpath functions for querying CLOB based data types that contain XML payloads. The candidate must have strong communications skills and technical acumen to grow the capability of the team. Experience of Unix, Oracle database, messaging application and MQ is also essential Essential Skills: Must have 8 expert automation experience of Greenhat Tester or IBM Rational Test Workbench automation test tool Strong credentials in delivering data driven approach for automation for functionally complex message based applications preferably in the banking domain. Proven track record in building test data and configuration management approach and using test data management tools like OPTIMGrid Tools and SubversionJira. Strong SQL Programming experience XMLSQL skills for interrogating CLOBBLOB xml payloads Experience of data profiling and modelling data to meet automation test data requirements Good understanding of xml and service orientated protocols Excellent attention to detail, and can demonstrate highly disciplined approach to quality reviews of automation assets Excellent communication skills both written and verbal A self starter who can adapt and respond effectively to changing requirements and priorities Strong configuration management skills, and usage of products like subversion for managing all test automation assets and data. Preferred Skills: Domain knowledge of banking or and accounting would be an advantage Experience of testing the T24 banking application and working with software vendor ISEB Testing foundation level qualified or above Experience using Quality Centre (Mercury Test Director) or equivalent test management tool. Experience of defect management process Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details