TITLE: Automation Consultant

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Marketing Automation Consultant / Eloqua - Bangalore | MarketOne Senior Marketing Automation Consultant / Eloqua Bangalore MarketOne is leading a new breed of integrated demand generation providers. Our integrated offering spans tele- services, digital content and communications, data management, marketing technology and operational consulting. Together, we provide marketing services that deliver sales results. As the marketing technology consultant your primary focus will be to meet with clients to intake business requirements, articulate business and technical impacts and advise on marketing technology roadmaps centered around the clients need to show return on their investment in infrastructure that makes up marketing technology architectures. You will also work closely with our solution architects and developers to design, architect and build complex solutions leveraging marketing automation, CRM, CMS and potentially BI and Data Warehousing. Direct experience in delivering technical design, configuration, implementation, and customizationof Eloquas automated marketing tool is required. Experience working directly with other marketing automation, CRM, CSM and associated technologies is a major plus. The Role: Responsibilities of this role include but are not limited to the following: Meet with clients to define and articulate business requirements and architect complex solutions leveraging single/ multiple on- demand and hosted Marketing Automation/ CRM platforms. Act as Account Manager for new and existing clients. Assess needs, align stakeholders and develop measurable systems resource and process change. Manage internal and external resources to ensure fixed and variable scope deliverables are delivered on time, on budget, and as specified. In some cases act as Project Manager. Act as a source of best practice in Marketing Automation, Digital Marketing, and Sales Enablement for internal team. Align with Marketing and Sales groups to productize and standardize solutions and messaging. Support Sales with prospect engagement and solutions engineering/ solution design as needed. Produce high- quality proposals, reports, account reviews, and process documents. Conduct needs analysis through technology audit, content audit, process audits, interviewing. Ability to identify new projects withinexisting accounts and work with business development and / or deliveryprogram managers/ architects to scope and close business. Ability to travel domestic and international estimated 20%. Functional Requirements: 5+ years of technical/ strategic use of Eloquas marketing automation platform (Power User/ Admin) within a B2B corporate engagement or as an external consultant working with large ($500M+) B2B clients. Ability to advise on both the technical and business impacts related to the use of marketing automation, CRM and reporting platforms. Exceptional traditional and online communication skills. Emotional intelligence. Ability to prioritize and manage multiple needs, projects, resources. Ability to delegate executional work to our delivery teams and stay focused on strategic needs of our clients. Manage executive expectations, lead strategic direction and grow MarketOnes servicesfootprint within your assign accounts. Experience delivering rapidly designed and developed projects using best practices inProgram Management timelines, client expectations, budget/ profitability, protect scope, etc. We offer a competitive salary commensurate with experience. Submit your detail Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mawana Sugars Ltd Mawana Sugars Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details