TITLE: Architect - Channel Analytics

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Job Specific: Be the SME on EG Channel Sales domain covering sales processes, business performance, partner landscape, regional nuances, EG products, data sources and analytics solutions. Leverage domain knowledge, data and analytics findings to influence business decisions and to apply analytics findings to drive the channel sales strategy at a WW level. Track impact of recommendations, facilitate shared learning across teams. Grow analytics capabilities of the team and the EG Analytics organization. Innovate in analytics space, piloting new types of data and methodologies Liaise with global marketing, other affiliates to facilitate shared learning to and from Japan Leadership/Management: Clearly define project deliverables, timelines, and dependencies for junior team members, internal stakeholders and clients. Work with senior team members to author white papers and other industry thought capital. Encourage and drive analytics solutions, projects and innovative ideas across the team as well as collaborate across the wider EG Analytics organization. Skills and Experience: Education and Experience: MBA and/or Masters degree in quantitative studies is highly desirable. The equivalent combination of professional education, training and work experience may be suitable in exceptional situations. 12+ years of total work experience with at least 6 years post Masters Education 5+ years of work experience in a quantitative business environment 5+ years in an analytics organization, preferably in similar industry and/or channel sales domain Skills Requirements: Passion for analytics and strong desire and capacity to learn Previous leadership experience and a proactive nature Intellectual curiosity and a passion for working with data and deriving insights Strong communication and client service skills Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Comfort with working in and contributing to a team based environment Successful end to end delivery of analytical projects Management or mentorship of employees at all levels Candidates should have experience with some of the following: oCleansing, manipulating, and transforming consumer level data oUsing data to derive insights oExperience with online advertising/media, channel marketing, strategic marketing, off-line advertising/media and/or consulting oPresenting complex ideas/concepts to senior leaders oExperience and functional knowledge about market research and interactive tools Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an innovation driven end-to-end IT services company. Our services comprises of providing business consultation and robust IT Re-engineering services. We extend our offerings to start-ups, SMBs, and enterprises with complete enterprise mobility solution. Theses programmes include native applications development, web based applications development, and web design solution such as responsive web design, package deployment, integration, support and maintenance services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details