TITLE: Senior/junior Technician for Elite Elevators

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Company Elite Elevators Limited is one of the fastest growing Home Elevators Company in India. We are business partners of ThyssenKrupp and we deal in premium segment of residential lifts. Our elevators are made in Italy which are installed in several states all over India and best known for its safety, quality and technology. Job Description A minimum of 2 years experience in elevator company. Good verbal and written communications skills is a must.(English & Hindi) Must be expert in electric wiring and should posses good knowledge on electronics. Ability to assemble, install, repair, and maintain elevators. Self-motivated, disciplined, polite and should maintain cleanliness at job. Ability to take responsibility. Should be a quick learner and a team player. Must submit reports on daily basis. Must have basic computer knowledge and should have access to emails. Maintain log books that detail all repairs & check performed. What we're offering: Excellent salary + IncentivesÂ Training and full supportÂ Amazing growth prospectsÂ Are you the person we're looking for? If you think so, send us your resume along with a recent photograph....as your application will not be considered otherwise. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Workman/Foreman/Technician Keyskills Electricals Lifts Elevators Maintenance Electronics Technician Activities elevator technician Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Elite Elevators Elite Elevators Limited is one of the fastest growing Home Elevators Company in India. We are business partners of ThyssenKrupp and we deal in premium segment of residential lifts. Our elevators are made in Italy which are installed in several states all over India and best known for its safety, quality and technology. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details