TITLE: Technical Relationship Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Duties / Responsibilities Ensures it is easy to do business with the Citrix Enterprise Support Service team. Coordinates the activities of Enterprise Support, Product Engineering and technical solution team members to meet contract obligations, proactively meet the needs of our Enterprise Support customers, and resolve customer technical challenges Establish clear and open lines of communication with our Enterprise Support Service customers and implement an appropriate account governance model. Develops a culture of continuous improvement within each account they oversee. Responsible for the delivery of Enterprise Support service commitments to customers. Ensures that delivery costs are within or better than the delivery costs committed within the approved Citrix account model. Provides complex metrics and reporting support to all relevant stakeholders. Proactively identifies potential issues and drives resolution to avoid customer impact and facilitates continuous improvement. Analyzes long- term impact of new or anticipated strategies and decisions. Leads teams to solve abstract problems without precedent. Diagnoses and resolves ambiguous problems. Builds and sustains effective communications with all stakeholders and cross- functional teams in an effort to maximize the customer experience. Provides authoritative advice to customers based on deep subject matter expertise. As a customer advocate, builds strong trusted relationships within Enterprise Support Service customers in order to represent them within Citrix and be a part of their virtual team. As a trusted advisor, work with Enterprise Support Service customers to provide guidance and subject matter expertise where required and as appropriate in order to meet their business requirements through Citrix solutions. Bring in relevant systems engineers, consulting and sales teams when required. Serve as a point of escalation for incidents that require urgent action, and head off potential problems via proactive support. Manage concurrent medium to large complex projects to ensure full optimization of customer purchased technology and high value support services are received with specific focus on customer ROI. Document and record all activity and communication with customers over telephone and email according to departmental standards of quality. Create and help maintain customer documentation such as welcome packs, technical account plans, and proactive communications. Adhere to and maintain Enterprise Support Service best practices. Provides feedback to Product Management and Engineering regarding customers emerging or unmet product needs. Conduct site visits to maintain relationships with accounts Travels to visit customers and hold regularly customer sessions Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills, Abilities) Bachelors degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field; or equivalent experience 5 years professional services experience, with specific focus in IT 5 years of hands- on relevant experience with Citrix products The individual should be able to apply an understanding of one of the following areas of focus: Networking Application Virtualization Server Virtualization Possess Citrix Certified Enterprise Engineer (CCEE) certification or industry equivalent certification. Project management experience Large/ complex customer- facing enterprise experience Experience serving as a customer advocate; able to understand and articulate the needs of the client and deliver on those needs Ability to facilitate and harness crossteam collaboration working with teams in person and virtually Consultative experience and demonstrable problem- solving skills Strong presentation skills Strong communication skills (written and verbal) Enthusiastic, personable and flexible Ability to prioritize within a high workload Comfortable leading within matrix and cross- functional teams. Guided by long- term objectives and business requirements. Technical delivery or support experience preferred Customer centric professional, passionate about the customer experience Languages: English and relevant local language proficient Requirements (Education, Certification, Training, and Experience) Functional / Technical Requirements 5 years of hands- on relevant experience with Citrix products Project management experience with proven methodologies Understanding and application of ITIL practices ITIL and/ or PMP certification preferred ITIL & PMP certification preferred Leadership Blueprint Competency Requirements Communication Ensuring that communication channels are open and that information and ideas are flowing in all appropriate directions; Proactively, clearly, and openly shares information and ideas with others; asks for, listens to, and uses feedback and input Accountability Holding self and others accountable for keeping commitments and delivering the best possible performance. Teamwork Working in concert with others and creating group synergy in pursuit of collective goals. Excellence Orientation Striving to be the best one can be and maximize ones own potential in helping Citrix succeed. Authenticity Showing a genuine, accessible, and caring side that builds trust, mutual support and credibility. Innovation Creating and supporting an environment that is conducive to innovation and new ways of doing things. Strategic Thinking Ability to consider all relevant information when making business decisions. Business Savvy Demonstrating solid knowledge of business and industry practices, and otherwise showing a command of business fundamentals required to manage Citrix operations. Physical Demands / Work Environment Must be willing to travel as needed to visit customers and work with management team in the field Travel to outside country quarterly or frequently as business needed Flexibility to travel outside of region Professional office environment. Functional Area: Field Service Enginee Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Citrix Systems India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details