TITLE: Software Maintenance Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Customer Responsibilities Sustaining critical components in HDP. Analyze complex customer reported issues that require strong analytical and technical skills Job Requirements: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering 2 years of Hadoop knowledge required 3 years of Unix environment experience (Red Hat Linux) 3 years of Java development experience 1 years of technical support experience a plus Solid knowledge of API- level client/ server testing in Java Development experience in Linux environments. Expert level in at least one scripting language (Python, Bash, PowerShell, or similar scripting languages) Solid understanding and deep technical knowledge of Hadoop components across the stack Coding experience involving Hadoop components like yarn / scoop / hbase / etc a strong plus Strong commitment to best practices in SQA and software development, including modern CI processes and automating EVERYTHING. Comfortable with Agile/ Scrum processes and code review. Strong knowledge of state of the art quality engineering and test automation tools and processes, including JUnit, Jenkins, Selenium, Mockito and Git, or comparable technologies Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team. Demonstrated ability to manage technical projects and processes Demonstrated creative problem solving ability Ability to collaborate and partner with internal teams Debug system level deployment issues, root cause analysis, and resolve failures Fast- track escalations, identify trends, and develop action plans to mitigate/ avoid issues. Root cause analysis reports on any Severity 1 incidents including recommendations to improve proactive management of Hadoop deployments Resolve issues that may require producing enterprise- ready patches or hotfixes Troubleshoot performance, scalability bottlenecks and suggest solutions Work with support/ QA/ Engineering teams through the entire lifecycle of product/ patch releases Assist in developing support tools for business integration and for monitoring purpose Performance testing, stress testing, and advanced aspects of system testing automation. Trusted point of contact for technical customer feedback to product management, engineering and sales. Regular briefings on Hortonworks Data Platform releases and roadmap. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Maintenance Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hortonworks Inc Hortonworks Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details