TITLE: Network Design Engineer Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: - Developing design plans that simplify complex hardware installations and reorganizations for execution by network infrastructure engineers. - Creating network packages that include topologies, materials lists, rack elevations and cabling diagrams for commonly repeated deployments. - Enforcing acceptance criteria for deployment projects to ensure that they are executable. - Specifying hardware configurations to meet requirements of new and existing service offerings. - Documenting standards for hardware deployments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications: - Bachelors degree in Computer Science/ Engineering or equivalent experience. - Minimum 3 years of hands- on network and server hardware experience. - Minimum 3 years of experience with network switches and routers. - Minimum 1 year of experience with server deployment in a datacenter environment. - Proven project management and organizational ability. - Minimum 1 year of experience with Microsoft Visio or an equivalent network diagramming tool. - In- depth knowledge of Internet protocols, hardware, technology, concepts and operating systems especially Unix/ Linux. Desired Qualifications: - Strong communication skills, especially with verbal and written English. - Strong analytical and problem- solving skills. - Experience coordinating and mediating requirements and requests from different teams with different areas of expertise. About Akamai: Akamai? is the leading content delivery network (CDN) providing cloud services that help deliver, optimize, and secure online content and business applications. At the foundation of Akamai solutions, the Akamai Intelligent Platform?? enables unmatched speed, reliability, and securitybacked by expertise and relentless innovationto improve reach and invisibility across the web. Akamai removes the complexities of connecting the increasingly mobile world, supporting 24/ 7 consumer demand, and enabling enterprises to more securely leverage the cloud. To learn how Akamai is accelerating the pace of innovation in a hyperconnected world, visit www.akamai.com, and follow @Akamaijobs on Twitter. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. EEO is the Law . Company Profile: Akamai Akamai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details