TITLE: Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Do you want to be the person who exceeds your potential If you have a desire to succeed and drive your own career, Dimension Data offers you the opportunity to make that happen. Were positioned to lead the change in the biggest transformation that the IT industry has seen in decades and we need your talent, skill, and ambitious ideas. As a Global Top Employer to over 28, 000 great people in more than 58 countries, youll be working with teams across the world. Youll be doing great things for our clients and helping them achieve their business ambitions. We are currently looking for a Team Lead to support the business in achieving its strategic objectives. The Operations Pod Lead will work with various members of the operations, service management, and activations teams to ensure clients operational needs are met. What we expect you to do Serve as a leader for pod which is made up of 6- 12 Systems Administrators and Engineers. Escalate critical client issues to other teams (Account Management, Service Management, Platform Operations) Serve as a leader for the pod and an escalation point for the pod. Taking part in routine employee review and training plans Assign technical resources and priorities within pod Understand service offerings and educate/ communicate to other teams and clients when additional offerings are requested that are out of scope. Coordinate resources for client activities that are in scope while adhering to support processes and communicate changes. Daily Ticket Management/ Review for the clients assigned to the pod Run daily pod meetings Facilitate the coordination of any work required (upgrades, replacements and fixes) Communicate potential risks for support activities to team manager or service management Lead technical teams in problem management and driving them to resolution Work with cross functional groups to develop project plan and take responsibility for small to medium sized projects. Perform other related administrative and supportive duties as assigned Perform scheduled Weekend On call duties. Take lead roles during outages to drive issues to resolution with priority. Research, gather, and analyze information and data, validate results, and deliver conclusions to Management Perform interviews for open positions Assist in technical information gathering from the Operations team for the Service Management Team/ Client Schedule regular one on one discussions with individuals within the pod ', ' Here's what we are looking for in candidates for this job Demonstrates an excellent technical understanding and flow of technologies used in data centers and web/ db applications. Display a client service orientation, but are able to balance delivery with agreed and contracted expectations. Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today! Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data India Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details