TITLE: Applications Developer - Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMC has mobilized a global Liquidity Risk Infrastructure (LRI) program that is a firm- wide, 'mission critical' effort to enhance our liquidity risk management monitoring and reporting capabilities, which will include a redesign of the related supporting technology and infrastructure. The LRI program will implement a world class liquidity risk reporting system complying with recently mandated new Federal and Basel regulations. The program will include strategic data sourcing, data enrichment, analytical, monitoring, and reporting capabilities. We are seeking a Senior Cognos Developer to join the Liquidity Business Services team. This individual will be a part of the dynamic team of highly talented individuals and will be encouraged to contribute ideas, learn, design and implement. Key Responsibilities to include but are not limited to: - Design the Logical and Physical Cognos Framework Model - Design and build specific LRI Reports and Dashboards - Participate in and contribute to the Data Modeling of the larger Data Mart/ Warehouse - Writing Functional and Technical Report Specifications - Documenting Unit and QA Test Case - Play a significant contributing role in End User working sessions focus on the interaction with the Cognos layer - Develop Custom Cognos SDK functions to support administrative tasks and end user requirements Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required QUALIFICATION - Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field - 5- 9 years of software development experience in large, mission critical (preferably financial services) organization. - 5 years of relevant Cognos experience in Financial Services and working with big data required. - Strong dimensional modeling skills required. - Working knowledge of the Cognos Entitlements framework required. - Working knowledge of the Cognos SDK preferred - Experience with Cognos Mash Up Services preferred - Experience with Cognos 10 required. - Basic Java and java scripting skills required. - Experience in performance tuning SQL required. - Ability to articulate complex data problems and solutions required. - Experience with multiple database platforms e.g. Oracle or Sybase required - Experience with OLAP technologies a plus. - Experience with Securities, Derivatives, and Collateral Management data a plus. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details