TITLE: Sr Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: STO Device Software platform team is tasked with building the next generation Device SW platform for GE Healthcare. We are looking to hire a Senior Software Engineer to be a part of our Device Coreload platform. A person who would work within Agile scrum team, meeting required design objectives to meet customer & business needs, while innovating on the latest technologies and accelerating time to market of the solution. This role may also include scrum master responsibilities. Essential Responsibilities: As Senior Software Engineer for STO- SW team, you will design and develop software for the next generation SW platform for GE Healthcare Devices. You and your team will be focused on bringing innovative solutions to market that provide a consistent and unique experience. Open to work on different technologies and work independently. The position will provide many interesting, hard- core technical challenges and as much responsibility as you can handle. You will be responsible for delivering platform components and ensure architectural and design alignment with other scrum teams. You will work with the software program manager, product owner and other scrum masters on ensuring streamlined execution of the program Quality Specific Goals: Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/ position Complete all planned Quality and Compliance training within the defined deadlines Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required Support compliance/ closure of Regulatory and Quality requirements before completing Design Outputs/ Program Deliverable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - 8 Years of strong experience in software development in C & Java (primarily Core JAVA/ Swings) on Linux platform. - Hands- on experience of developing applications based on Core JAVA swings with good architecture & design understanding. - Strong in OO concepts, Multithreading and synchronization - Excellent knowledge of debugging tools to support C & JAVA development. - Working knowledge in integrated build systems: Eclipse, SVN, Git & Maven. - Working knowledge in unit testing using JUnit and mock frameworks. - Working knowledge of scripting using python/ shell/ bash. - Experience in Agile development practices: Test Driven Development (TDD) , Behavior Driven Development (BDD) . - Solid understanding of SAFE, Agile Principles and Scrum Framework. - Knowledge of medical imaging modalities (Nice to have) . - Ability to work in a self- organizing environment as part of a Scrum team - Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal - Good problem solving/ analytical abilities - Willingness to work in a challenging and dynamic environment Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: Bachelors/ Masters degree in Computer Science Engineering or equivalentAt least 7 years of experience in software product development/ deliveryNice to have scrum master certificatio Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details