TITLE: Delivery Manager

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Experience in managing a large team handling personnel issues 2. Proficient to advanced in Service Operations ITIL processes 3. Presents monthly reports on performance as requested by the Chief Executive Officer. 4. Proficient with Service Level Metrics basic Statistics 5. Demonstrated personal leadership; able to surface escalate issues, as needed 6. Strong written verbal communication skills 7. Defines recommends objectives in area of Operations. Develops specific short-term long-term plans programs for the team 8. Coordinates collaborates with other departments of the corporation in establishing carrying out responsibilities. MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Establishes objectives procedures governing the performance of assigned activities. Issues specific annual objectives to immediate subordinates reviews objectives of the Operations management. 2. Directs, monitors, appraises the performance of units immediately reporting provides the necessary coordination between activities. 3. Identifies training needs, initiates development of subordinates, recommends effective personnel action. 4. Maintains appropriate communications within area of responsibility. 5. Keeps employees informed as to company/department plans progress. 6. Coordinates activities of assigned units with those of other company units. Seeks mutual agreement on problems involving coordination. 7. Consults with all segments of management responsible for policy or action. Ensures compliance within area of responsibility. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Assumes other activities responsibilities from time to time as directed. 2. Provides orientation on-the-job training for subordinates ensures that the authority responsibility for each position are defined understood. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:CRM/Phone/Internet Banking Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DesiCrew Solutions Pvt.Ltd We are a professional business support services company that provides service excellence cost efficiency to clients by leveraging our expertise in the Impact Sourcing space. Our story began within the hallowed campus of IIT Madras in 2005. \ \ Saloni Malhotra, our Founder-Director, identified deficiencies of the service industry in India where there are gaps in manpower hiring, quality & employability of the workforce distribution of jobs across the urban-rural geographies. Under the guidance of Prof. Ashok Jhunjhunwala, she did a study of the market in the IT/BPO sector. From this stemmed the idea - Take Jobs to the People instead of People to Jobs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details