TITLE: Finance Advisor Retail

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose: To identify, investigate and recommend solutions to minimise losses on Company Owned sites, including special investigations linking with third parties. Provide training, support and advice to the Sales & Ops Management Team with respect to financial, operational and environmental risk on site. Retailer Billing - Accountable for the retailer & dealer billing processes in Cluster / Country and management of the multiple stakeholders and interfaces, both onshore and offshore. The role also provides support for delivering a world class organisation supporting the retail business, changes to business models, portfolio and M&A activity through various ERPs and the development of a standard scope of process. Key Deliverables: 1. Business Partner to Sales & Ops - Maintain effective working relationship with the Sales & Ops team and retailers providing effective support and challenge to ensure value maximization and controls 2. Shell Cash Card - Support Shell Cash Card which is a unique loyalty card proposition along with the service provide ensuring seamless back end integration reflecting accurate liabilities and banking transactions. 3. Active Contract Management - Manage contracts and relationship with service providers viz. , banks, card acquirers and transaction processing companies including contract renegotiation and ensure service delivered meets committed quality and timelines. 5. Compliance (Finance Standards) : Ensure all RDS and FCM key control targets and standards are met in line with local country requirements and operated effectively across the onshore/ offshore interface. Ensure adherence to the Retail Global Offer Book in ERP and processes in conjunction with Sales & Operations and manage non- compliant elements through clearly documented control procedures, in line with key stakeholder requirements. 6. Decision support for local billing issues received from SBO Manila involving wet stock shrink issues, suspension / delay of billing due to IT / Shell issues. Ensure full audit trail in these circumstances. Daily decision support for holding payment runs at network or Retailer level. Cash flow and risk balancing between Shell and Retailer. Monitor billing failures and ensure full engagement with business in case of possible yellow/ red card procedures 7. Risk management : Support to the credit process by providing input to Credit Management on Retailers existing business controls for credit checks and security reviews (e. g. scored SPA Audit results vs. district & national averages) . General Loss Prevention / Investigation advice: guide, train and provide support to TMs. Defining standards for site procedures on cash management. Support to the retail business in case of Retailer change- outs and during notice periods from a risk management point of view. Active involvement in and support to Retailer selection process. Deliver SLA with Operations. Provide best practice input for the Site Procedures Manual on controls related topics (as SME) . Support POS/ BOS development as an SME and functionality to improve controls and reduce opportunities all types of loss and fraud. Support business initiatives as an SME on reducing potential risks e. g. promotions 8. Investment/ Divestment/ New Business Development/ Business Model Conversion : Support Retail Finance Manager in investment, divestment and financing proposals matters including review and challenge on the Proposals including assumptions and overall business case; ensure alignment with Retail strategy and T&R; ensure compliance with Group policies, most notably accounting policies; check and, where appropriate, challenge DCF calculation. Updating the DOVAMO model for assumptions annually or when material changes takes place. 9. Escalation Support and advice for Retailer compliance & systems issues. Compliance (Finance Standards) : Support the setting of site or delivery envelope tolerances / investigation triggers by grade. Complete & document relevant SOX / Controls Register controls regarding on site WS controls. 10. Self assessment (Business Assurance Process, RCSA) : Monitor Retailer & TM compliance via audit on a sample basis (controls / risk audit not just covering WS) . Compile distribute compliance / controls / risk KPI data (covers all control areas not just WS - audit results feedback) to DM's/ TM's . Follow up on outstanding PLIP status to ensure timely resolution & advise relevant parties. Initiate any PLIP A / B activity required based on ERP financial WS postings. 11. Audits (external/ internal) and Business Control Reviews : Carry out on site scored audits assessing business controls on site and potential risk to Shell. Provide audit feedback to TM's & distribute KPI data on control trends to Sales / Operations and Finance Management. Monitor, investigate & follow up on all types of card fraud. Monitor, investigate & follow up on all types of promotional fraud. Monitor, investigate & follow up on all forms of sales proceeds & royalty suppression. Provide training to Territory Managers on use of POS/ BOS in relation to controls and loss prevention. Physical asset verification (spot- checks on verifications as per as per Group Guidelines) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Credit/Control Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Knowledge and Financial Skills - Has knowledge of management accounting and controlling. Ability to understand numbers and convert number to meaningful information and ability to work on data from multiple sources. The candidate should be a Chartered Accountant / CIMA / ACCA with a minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience with business facing roles Should be conversant with the use of the financial ERP system & data interrogation tools. Should have the ability to develop a solid understanding of site systems (POS & BOS, pumps & tank gauges) Must have Strong Leadership and communication skills. High on Stakeholder Management skills and customer focus. Strong understanding of Retail site based controls activities Company Profile: Continental Automotive Components (India) Pvt Ltd Continental Automotive Components (India) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details