TITLE: Senior Member Technical Staff

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications: B.E/ B.Tech/ M.S/ M.Tech from premier institution 4- 6 years of professional related experience in Software Quality Assurance Strong knowledge in SQL and hands on experience on Linux environment. Strong understanding on QA Process and agile methodologies. Strong in requirement analysis, test design/ execution and reporting. Working experience in Agile methodologies. Ability to thrive in a highly- productive, fast paced, customer- oriented environment Exposure to Functional automation using java based automation tools like Selenium or OATS. Prior experience working with Cloud application is an added plus. Responsibilities: As a QA Engineer of the Product engineering team, Your primary responsibility will be to work with Developers/ Product Managers/ Program Managers and help validate and report on the quality of the product to help in stable and quality product releases. Collaborating with the design team and business to understand the requirements and to come up with testing strategy. Prepare comprehensive software test plan, test cases (System / Regression / Integration/ Failure / Configuration etc.) Maintain and update all System Test plans and Test results documents with respect to every release. Execute test cases, ad- hoc testing scenarios and report on Quality of the product. Working alongside the engineering team in customer reported issues and follow up on closure of configuration issues and defects. Effectively use testing tools / simulators / emulators and automation of test procedure. Experience with Selenium or any other functional testing tool is a plus. Participate in release activity. Experience with Version One or other Agile / Scrum project management tools is a plus. File bugs with proper investigation documentation, pursue resolutions and subsequent regressions. Work with our products globally distributed development / QA teams. Strive for excellence and best customer experience. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details