TITLE: Senior Corportate Sales Support Consultant

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Auto req ID 1127BRPosting Title Senior Corportate Sales Support ConsultantFunctional Area SalesJob Posting Location (s) IN- BangaloreCompany Information Ellucian is the worlds leading provider of software, services and insight to higher education. Ellucian helps the higher education communitystudents, faculty, and staffachieve their goals more efficiently, effectively, and with reduced risk. Ellucians comprehensive suite of software solutions includes student information systems (SIS) , finance and HR systems, recruiting and retention systems, among other offerings. With more than 1, 500 institutions subscribing to Ellucians cloud services and SaaS offerings, the company is one of the largest providers of cloud- based solutions. Ellucian also supports the higher education community with a range of professional services, such as application software implementation, training, education, and management consulting. More than 2, 400 institutions in 40 countries rely on Ellucian to help enable the mission of higher education. Position Responsibilities The successful candidate will add value by: * Managing Solutions in Sales Demo Environments primarily focused on Automatic Provisioning of Cloud Based Deployments for all Global Sales Regions. * Managing and Scripting Connected Cloud Deployments and Optimizing Disk, CPU, Memory as well other resources for optimal performance. * Duplicating one set of Cloud Environment with multiple Products that are interconnected for other Sales Regions. * Supporting World- wide Pre- Sales Functional Consultants who are using the Demo environments to showcase Ellucian Solutions to close Sales Opportunities. Position Requirements Linux/ Windows Administrative Skills a plusFamiliarity with Cloud deployment is preferred (AWS, Ravello etc. ) Needs to work closely with other members of the group to establish required server footprints while maintaining a balance between cost and performance. Ability to work with Identity services and integration methodologies required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ellucian Ellucian Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details