TITLE: Senior .NET / Database Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary This position is responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining .net based applications and components for the automotive marketing platform. Duties and responsibilities Responsible for maintenance of applications with technologies such as .NET C#/ SQL Server/ Oracle/ jQuery/ HTML5/ Javascript/ Angular/ Bootstrap. Collaborate with developers, project managers, business analysts and business users in conceptualizing, estimating and developing new software applications and enhancements. Assist in the definition of software development project plans, including scoping, scheduling, providing time estimates for programming tasks and implementation plans. Assist in the definition, development, and documentation of softwares objectives, business requirements, deliverables, and specifications in collaboration with internal users and departments. Develop technical documentation to define the system components, development environment and implementation planning/ strategies Prepare and dispense work assignments, provide guidance, and/ or review the work of other team members. Collaborate with QA team to define test cases, metrics, and resolve questions about test results. Recommend business process flow improvements and clearly communicate problem/ resolution process to project management. Develops and implements solutions in accordance with policies and procedures. Assist in the design and implementation process for new products/ projects, informing senior executive of alternatives. Analyze user requests and assist with design activities. Provide in- depth and strong technical specialty and knowledge to the team. Develop components based on business and/ or application requirements Create unit tests in accordance with team policies & procedures Assist in the creation of functional tests in cooperation with the QA team Advise, and mentor team members in specialized technical areas as well as fulfill administrative duties as defined by support process Work with cross- functional teams during crisis to address and resolve complex incidents and problems in addition to assessment, analysis, and resolution of cross- functional issues. Recognizes and identifies potential areas where existing policies and procedures associated with support requires improvement and helps in the process improvement activity. Qualifications Minimum qualifications Developer with 4- 8 years of experience required Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or equivalent Excellent skills in Microsoft technologies, including C#, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET Framework Excellent skills in JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery, angular.js, Bootstrap, CSS, CSS3, and HTML5, XML, SOAP, REST API, Web Services Strong skills in database technologies (Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle) including database development (T- SQL or PL/ SQL) Excellent knowledge of web architectural and design patterns Solid working knowledge of current technologies including Object Oriented analysis and design practices (Object modeling, use cases, activity diagrams, and UML) . Familiar with various forms of SSO and an understanding of security best practices such as OWASP Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle, various development methodologies, and able to independently participate in each phase. Ability to design and implement solutions that are reliable, scalable, and perform at a high- level to meet the service levels associated with mission- critical solutions. Proven analytical and problem- solving abilities with ability to anticipate and avoid problems. Ability to define and implement migration strategies from legacy systems to new architecture and technologies. Ability to work well within a team environment that includes geographically distributed team members. Ability to work within tight deadlines and effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment. Strong communication skills (verbal and written) and an ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences. Ability to design and build flexible and extensible systems with focus on code reuse and generation. Experience with writing detailed technical specifications for developers; design, validate and execute software test plans. Preferred qualifications Technical o Development experience with Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 o Experience with Team Foundation Server (TFS) o Experience with responsive and/ or adaptive design o Experience with progressive enhancement o Familiarity with NoSQL solutions such as Redis o Familiarity with Service Bus architecture o Familiarity with content management solutions/ frameworks such as Kentico, WordPress and/ or DotNetNuke Non- Technical: o Experience in automotive marketing o Excellent Analytical and problem solving skills o Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot problems quickly o Motivated to learn new applications and domains o Strong time management skills o Ability to take full ownership of tasks and projects o Experience with Agile/ SCRUM process Behavioral Attributes: o Team player with excellent interpersonal skills o Strong verbal and written communication o Possess Can- Do attitude to overcome challenges o Self- motivated and directed Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details