TITLE: Senior Clinical Data Coder

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Function The role of the Senior Clinical Data Coder (Sr. CDC) is to manage the performance of clinical data coding activities from database set- up through database lock on assigned projects, commensurate with experience and/ or project role. Responsible for managing coding data for a moderate to large study or multiple small size studies and functioning as an SME and Principal CDC, with minimal to no supervision. In addition will provide leadership, project organization and training as SME to less experienced members of the coding team. All tasks should be performed in accordance to corporate quality standards, SOPs/ Work Instruction/ Guidelines, ICH- GCP and/ or other international regulatory requirements. Relationships Reports To Associate Manager or Manager Directly Supervises N/ A Provides Work Directions to Project Team members as appropriate Works Closely with All project team members, Quality Management Group (QMG) and Information Services (IT) . External Relationships Sponsors, External or 3rd party Vendors, Auditors and Regulators Accountabilities: Manage all phases of coding data management activities from study start up to database close, which may include: Conduct medical coding Development of database build specifications related to coding Development of data validation specifications related to coding Test data creation & User Acceptance Testing Performing/ leading functional QC activities and testing Input into Coding Guidelines/ conventions including SOP revision as needed. Coding validation and cleaning Perform early and final database QC activities Database lock activities Maintaining Clinical Study Documents and archiving as appropriate Responsible for completeness, timely delivery and quality of clinical data Lead and coordinate other team members within the assigned studies Mentor project team members and be a subject matter expert when needed Represent Data Management (DM) function in external client meetings and presentations as required. May represent PAREXEL at professional meetings / conferences Facilitate cross functional team meetings both internally and externally as needed Other assigned responsibilities as neede Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Excellent technical skills including but not limited to the knowledge of Clinical Trial/ Data Management/ Coding Systems, PMED, MS- Office products Sound awareness of all relevant regulations, including ICH- GCP, 21 CFR 11 Advanced knowledge of medical terminology and coding dictionaries (e.g.MedDRA & WHODrug) Possess a thorough understanding of the various tasks related to clinical trial initiation, ongoing monitoring / processing and lock Ability to carefully weigh the priority of project tasks and to direct the team accordingly Ability to understand the strengths and development areas of team members Ability to lead a virtual global team as required Ability to reach win- win solutions to solve problems Ability to make appropriate decisions in ambiguous situations Communicate and work effectively with clients Contribute to process improvements Effective time management in order to meet team objectives Commitment and performs consistently high quality work Education Bachelors degree and / or other medical qualification or relevant Coding or Data Management experience Language Skills Excellent in written and oral English. Excellence in regional languages as needed. Minimum Work Experience Must be able to demonstrate proficiency with all tasks from data start- up through data- base lock. Previous relevant coding, data management work experience required; clinical and/ or research experience with solid understanding of clinical trials methodology and terminology required. Company Profile: PAREXEL International (India) Pvt. Ltd. PAREXEL International (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details