TITLE: IT LEADER INDIA CRM

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: This leader will serve the direct manager for all Siebel team members in the region (30 employees) and as the global owner of GEHC Siebel platforms. Essential Responsibilities: - Transform the global Siebel organization from separate development and support teams into a combined dev- ops model. - Serve as the global application owner for Siebel and related apps, including roadmaps, architecture, design, development, platform vitality, performance, support, operations, and quality. - Responsible for program budgets and cost centers, resource allocation and planning for Siebel to ensure delivery of business benefits. - Responsible for Siebel vendor evaluation, selection & integration. - Responsible for people leadership activities for the BA COE India Siebel team including recruiting, coaching, performance management, compensation, organization, team development, compliance training, and career management. Collaborate closely with BACOE staff peers on these aspects. - Collaborate with global services programs, new systems assimilation, vitality, performance management & mobility enablement being a few of the key - As a key member of the Global ITPE India leadership staff, lead and contribute to India level organizational initiatives. - .Collaborate with other BA COE IT Leaders in India to drive key operating mechanisms across the India Team to ensure sustainable high performance & motivation. - Leads the efforts to simplify internal BA COE Siebel and India Team processes in collaboration with other BA COE IT Leaders Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: - Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/ position - Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines - Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required - Responsible for data integrity of the system inventory, as applicable - Responsible for the validation of all GxP relevant applications and maintaining the validated state of those applications - Aware of and comply with the change management work instruction - Develop an open quality culture within the organization that fosters issue discussion and decision- making based on quality and compliance objectives Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: - Demonstrated program management skills including project initiation, scoping, resourcing, scheduling, budgeting, risk management and communication. - Project management experience in global environments. - Demonstrated ability to excel in a global matrix organization. - Strong leadership skills and demonstrated experience leading teams. - Coordinate efforts in line with the "bigger picture" to maximize the overall value of IT service delivery and demonstrated history resolving conflicts in priority. - Ability to learn complex systems and business process, and define requirements for solutions. - Appreciation of SMAC (Social, Mobility, Analytics, Cloud) stack evolution and the potential changes they may bring to existing ERP/ CRM platforms. - Experience with process quality methodology. - Awareness of and ability to deliver compliance requirements. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to interface and influence at all levels in the organization. - Excellent interpersonal, presentation and facilitation skills. - Analytic, creative and business- focused problem solver. - BS Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent. - Minimum 10 years of IT experience. - Dev- ops experience - Black Belt certified - MBA or equivalent - Leadership Training Program Experience (IMLP, OMLP, FMP) - Experience in the healthcare industry - Lean experience - PMP / ITIL certifie Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details