TITLE: Lead Project Business Systems Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Lead Business Analyst Business Operations is a critical role, enabling BDC to work most effectively with internal and external stakeholders in a hyper- growth environment. This is a facilitative role that requires a combination of focus and flexibility, as well as a willingness to play an active, behind- the- scenes role. The role requires a highly resourceful individual with strong emotional intelligence, self- motivation, integrity, and a willingness to put the companys interest above all else. Duties and Responsibilities Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high- level information into details, abstract up from low- level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. Execute quantitative analysis that translates data into actionable insights. Perform re- active and pro- active analysis on KPI reports and assist Manager to communicate with relevant stakeholders. Lead meetings at the operational and project level, providing continuous feedback on project status. Organize, coordinate, lead small to medium efforts across multiple businesses; ability to identify and understand emerging issues in order to adapt and adjust to shifting. Demonstrates good knowledge in a variety of technology concepts, practices, and procedures; specifically technologies around big data, digital marketing and analytics. Establish strong working relationships with stakeholders; across Technology, business, and operations. This position requires a high level of discretion, tact, judgment, and poise and must have a solid aptitude for maintaining highly confidential information. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications MBA or similar degree or comparable experience. 6 7 years professional experience and a strong comfort with the IT service/ product engineering industry. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Tools - PowerPoint, Excel, Pivot Tables, Access, VBA. Excellent communication skills (written & verbal) to communicate directly with global stakeholders. Exceptional analytical skills; the ability to see patterns; and a structured and logical approach to decision making Should be strong willed, a fast learner and able to adapt to an evolving environment. Ability to multitask and work on a diverse range of requirements. Preferred Qualifications Working knowledge on handling different types of data sources specifically Business Objects and PeopleSoft. Working knowledge of SDLC, QA/ testing environments. Knowledge of Data visualization tools, SDLC, Agile practices and project management skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details