TITLE: Assistant Manager Planning

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Assistant Manager - Planning - Chumbak Design Pvt. Ltd. - Job Board All about Chumbak Were 5 years old. Wow. 5 years old. Founded in 2010, our dream was to make some really fun products with some epic design. Along the way, the kind of products that we made grew from Souvenirs, Stationery, Tees and Boxers to Phone Cases, Jewellery, Laptop Sleeves, Bags and Wallets to eventually a whole lot of stuff for our homes like Furniture, Lighting, Crockery, Rugs and loads more. We have over 35 Pop up Stores in your favourite malls all across India, with loads more coming soon. Our really large Flagship Stores in Delhi and Bangalore house the entire Chumbak range and were opening a whole bunch more. All this has culminated in the launch of a completely new look for Chumbak which has garnered us many rave reviews and allowed the brand to express itself in a much more comprehensive way as a lifestyle brand. 2015 will add a whole lot more to this story. Stay tuned. #Promise : ) Headquartered in Bangalore, were based out of Indiranagar, in the heart of the city. Working at Chumbak is all about moving fast and smart. It is a lot of fun and at the same time its about constantly learning and applying yourself every day. The teams work very closely with each other and there are no doors that need to be knocked on to have a discussion. It is this environment that makes working at Chumbak a pleasure. Why Chumbak Well, why Chumbak. Thats a great question. Were a fun startup. We make fun products. We love colour. We love challenging the status quo. (Sounds like gyan, but its true) : ) We dont think outside the box. We only use boxes for packaging. (Ok. That was really bad. Please remind us to give you a free magnet if hired. And a box. ) Were growing really really fast. We want to make a difference. We love design. Scratch that. We obsess over design. We have a sense of humour. Were young. Youll get to work at the most awesome Chumbak Studio. We goof around, but we also take what were doing really seriously. Also if it helps, were huge foodies : ) What kind of people do we look for A lot of people ask us, what kind of people do we look for. What kind of people finally get hired to work at Chumbak. Honestly, theres no easy answer to this. But we put down some traits that we found common across the folks that make Team Chumbak. Hard working. Sounds cliched, but its true. We work our asses off. Were passionate about what were doing and were here to do some epic work. Passion. Were all passionate people. Passionate about a million things. Its that passion that shows at work. We laugh, we fight, we argue, we do fun stuff. Self Starters. We dont believe in hand holding. Theres no manual for what we do. We dont wait for others to teach us stuff. We learn on the job. Without egos. Organised and detail oriented. Self explanatory. Epic Communication Skills. Experiment. We love to experiment. We makes mistakes all the time. But we try. And thats what makes us tick. Respect. We respect each other. Doesnt matter if youre 18 or 40. Your opinion matters. Yup. That's all. Quite impressed that you've read all this gyan. You absolutely must apply for a job. Don't youthink About the Job The Retail Planner is responsible for optimizing sales, inventory productivity (turn) and profit objectives for the offline stores / webstore and marketplaces, working in conjunction with the Demand Planning , operations and Category Management Team. This responsibility includes the development and successful execution of top line, assortment plans, allocation strategies and inventory management. Role Responsibilities Assortment Planning, Allocation and Replenishment Provides analysis and research to support the creation of assortment plans for the offline and webstore. Supplies pertinent feedback to demand Planners, category management teams to support the development of Offline / ecommerce- specific allocation rules. Ensures best practices for assortment planning and makes recommendations to support allocation strategies. Guides strategies to optimize assortment and allocation processes for the offline / webstore. Participates/ conducts the strategy/ issues sessions across the Category Management Teams as needed to optimize assortment. Partners with warehouse team to measure allocation effectiveness. Weekly stock allocation for respective stores and categories on the as per sale trends to achieve the weekly and monthly target. Working closely with the warehouse team and make sure that Stocks are dispatched as per and on time Make sure dispatched stock should get GRN on time by co- ordinating with sales operations Performing store visits in order to find out whether merchandises are reaching on time also to gather store feedback on replinishments Inter store transfers of styles that are not performing for more than 8 weeks. Range Planning As per budget and store grades Monitoring Performance vis Targets Ensure availability of stock at the stores as per assortment plan Inventory Management Monitors and analyzes receipts to maintain ideal assortment mix and receipt flow by partnering with Category Managers and Operations teams. Evaluates inventory productivity and recommends adjustments based on business trends. Review, monitors and analyzes aging/ exit strategies. Identifies and pursues opportunities to improve overall item profitability. Inventory Mgt. Analysis on Daily, weekly and seasonal analysis of sales, stocks, best sellers etc Planning Drives forecasting process throughout year to identify opportunities and risks Determines and reviews category sales and receipt targets. Quantifies store level opportunity analysis. Identifies monthly flow of inventory to maximize productivity and achieve top line financial plans. Adheres to the companys planning calendar. Pre season, Mid season End of season planning to maximize channel margin. Evaluate seasonal performance of all brands by store in terms Revenue , Gross Margin and Space efficiency Setting up of base stocks for the stores according to their grades. Desired Experience and Skills Education : Graduate / MBA Years of Experience : 2to 5years as supply planner with retail fashion Should have : Proven track record of high performance in fashion business Creative talent and high attention to detail Understands the customers and responds effectively to the needs Strong financial and commercial business acumen Ability to coach, develop and lead a team Ability to work under pressure, working to tight timelines Ability to work autonomous and collaboratively as a part of a team Confident and engaging communicator with the ability to deliver presentations and influence key stake holders. Effective planning and organizational skills Strong communication skills both written and verbal. Ability to build strong relationships and influence Apply for this position In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!* Recipient Email Address (one) Enter a message (optional) The message cannot contain links Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Chumbak Design Private Limited Chumbak Design Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details