TITLE: Senior QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Product Information Management (PIM) is the data hub for all product information of an enterprise. It stores and manages the product information of items - attributes, structures, relationships, catalogs, etc. PIM manages the import/ export of product information with external systems through the Import process. Advanced features of PIM include extensive support for user defined attributes, item rules for assignment & to validation etc. Preferred area of experience. Exposure to SCM functional area in Oracle EBS/ other ERP (PLM/ PIM preferred) . Knowledge of PL/ SQL will be an advantage. Will need to own and represent one or more major product areas within PIM. You will be provided opportunities to work on multiple new project initiatives as well as expected to enhance product quality through the testing cycles of Oracle Fusion applications. You will be consistently encouraged to innovate and come up with superior and more efficient QA approaches. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details