TITLE: SoC Verification for Global Leader in Flash Memory Storage

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The key functions and responsibilities are the following: Define and Implement the ASIC/SoC verification environment. Develop block and system-level test benches and verification environments using Verilog/SystemVerilog and C. Develop support utilities for verification automation, test bench automation, regression and other verification enhancements to improve productivity and functional coverage. Mentor verification team and provide technical support for verification activities Support the development of verification test plans, test suites and verification activities Essential Technical Expertise: Experience in ASIC/SoC verification activities and should have participated in successful completion of at least one ASIC/SoC project from Specifications to Silicon. Must have good understanding of embedded processor based SoC architecture and must have completed verification of two or more embedded processor based SoC. Must have expertise in on ASIC verification methodologies and ASIC design flow. Must have good experience in setting up and debugging functional and gate level simulation have multiple processors (co-simulation). Must have good experience in developing BFM and functional models in Verilog/System Verilog/UVM. Proven experience of the design verification methodologies such as UVM, assertion based coverage driven verification (code & functional coverage), constraint random test generation. Must have complete experience on developing verification environment and test cases from planning stage to tape-out signoff. Must have actively conducted functional / coverage review and bug management schemes. Protocol Knowledge on PCIe, UFS2, SATA and USB2.0/3.0 is added advantage. Self-motivation, flexibility, with strong inter-personal skills. Good communication skills, oral and written skills. Required Experience: 5-8 years experience in Frontend ASIC verification flow. Should have 1-2 years experience as a team leader. Should have experience in leading verification team from verification paling to through tape-out signoff and post silicon verification experience is appreciated. Should have expertise in Verilog and SV Should have experience in a multi-site environment, interacting with teams in other sites. Should possess good managerial skills and communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Spectrum Consultants India Pvt. Ltd. Spectrum Consultants India Pvt. Ltd. (established July 1995), we are a recruitment consulting firm headquartered at Bangalore. We work closely with clients in IT and non IT sectors.We are hiring for A Global Leader in Flash Memory Storage. A US Based MNC that designs, develops and manufactures flash memory storage solutions and software. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details