TITLE: Manager, Database Development

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The Database Marketing group at Epsilon is seeking a Technical Manager to implement, maintain and support applications for hosted Database Marketing systems. A hands- on technical manager is responsible for the day to day operations of a team of technologists in support of client specific solution. Technology managers must possess solid experience in large scale database technology, relational database design and implementation, strong knowledge of the clients solution specific operating systems in addition to the managerial skills. Job Description Design, develop, enhance, plan and maintain client specific solution. Implement, manage and support production infrastructure. Environments may include several smaller marketing technology solutions (campaign database, reporting environment, ETL systems, etc) or a single large scale solution within an overall enterprise solution. Create technical design and operational documentation. Enhance and execute detailed project plans. Communicate effectively with direct supervisor and upper management in support of the project. Synthesize relevant information on success and risks and escalate critical issues appropriately. Build a highly effective staff through superior hiring and on- boarding of new team members. Manage career paths by coaching and mentoring direct reports. Hold associates accountable for their work by setting expectations, achieving commitments, providing feedback, and evaluating effectiveness. Provide technical leadership in the organization. Work closely with the technology vendors on software fixes and enhancements for supported environments. Interface with client team SMEs as and when appropriate. Ensure adoption of group standards for development, process, and controls. Support users, tune and troubleshoot data access applications and ad hoc queries Qualifications 7- 10 years of proven experience and technical leadership in relational database design, administration and support Familiar with design and development of large- scale applications in parallel computing environment Procedural language experience in supported database environment required Database clustering experience is a plus .NET integration experience both client and server side and unix scripting (perl) is highly desired Performance related issues troubleshooting Experience in an OLTP environment highly desired Ability to apply innovative approaches to solving design and technical issues Ability to consolidate business and technical requirements and model data appropriately Ability to work unsupervised and the ability to multi- task Excellent organizational and time management skills Excellent interpersonal skills (both written and verbal) Team player with client oriented focus Ability to mentor application developers in regard to database design Self- motivated and directed, with the ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment Ability to adapt to dynamic environment with focus on team and delivering results Academic excellence, achieving a 3.0 overall GPA BS degree in Computer Science, Information System or related discipline We seek people who are customer service orientated (i.e., who makes an effort to listen and understand both internal and external team/ customers, anticipate team/ customer needs, and give high priority to team/ customer satisfaction) , who pay attention to the feelings and needs of others, and manifest a strong bias for action and achieving results. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details