TITLE: Specialist - Money & Asset Movement

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this BU Overview Money Out processing is subject to SOX, SAS 70 and TA guidelines and can be broadly categorized under two interrelated functions Withdrawals and SMPG. These functions are a combination of both Transaction level and analytical skill based processing. Each function is unique and is governed by plan- specific rules and IRS regulations. Working on multiple complex record keeping systems while adhering to set procedures and abiding to all regulatory/ legal norms. Day- to- day responsibilities will involve working within the various Fidelity business units such as client service management, implementations, financial operations, WPS so as to accurately process the withdrawal / transfer from the participants retirement account. Role Description The Operations Specialist works in a fast- paced, high- exposure and high- volume organization and will be responsible for processing monetary and non- monetary data into Fidelity recordkeeping systems. The Operations Specialist works with the Client Services & Management teams in order to maintain a satisfactory level of processing for our clients. Works on multiple clients, complex systems and must adhere to the regulatory and legal norms. Processing monetary and non- monetary transactions for assigned clientstransactions. Includes Contributions, loan repayments, Indicative data files and manual adjustments, Rollovers etc. Ensures all items are processed andor resolved in a time. Supports business in ensuring positive audit results Complies with all client policies, procedures, and Federal/ State/ Local regulations and escalates issues to the Work Leader andor Manager. Monitor individual work queues, partner with other teams to ensure that all aging work items are resolved within specified time frames. Perform research on all processing irregularities and drive issues to resolution Monitor and control money movement in and out of Fidelity. Includes wire transfer, ACH, check receipts, stock transactions (buysell) as applicable. Reconcile and audit processing to money movement. Perform reconciliation by utilizing disc- recon, control reports and interface with FinOps (Financial Operations) . Interact with the internal and external clients to streamline processing and ease plan administration for our clients. Updates plan specific procedures periodically. Train back up associates. Recommends continuous improvements in work flow efficiency. Candidate Description Sound working knowledge on Excel Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment and manage crisis. Takes initiatives and demonstrates creativity and innovation. Strong listening, questioning and positioning skills. Ability to train and influence internal and external clients. Excellent verbal and written communication skills along with strong attention to detail. Ability to identify, analyze and control risk Ability to effectively gather the necessary datainformation in a timely manner. Experience in financial services or high volume transaction processing experience preferred. Flexible & Open to work in Shifts (Preferably in US hours) Behavioural attributes Strong inter personal skills Multi- tasking Strong analytical skills and orientation to details Excellent Communication Skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelors Degree in Commerce Financial Services background is an added advantage Company Profile: Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details