TITLE: Sr Analyst IT

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position is responsible for supporting of AS400/ IBMi/ iseries systems and applications residing on AS400 systems with focus on Work Management, Administration, CL, Subsystems, Kronos, Data Mirror and Oracle Golden Gate for AS400/ DB2. Roles & Responsibilities User access management Monitoring of jobs scheduled on Native and Advance job scheduler. Lead and participate in Sox Audit. Lead and participate in upgrade and patches. Perform Installation and up- gradation of third party software. Work with FTP, iSeries navigator. Handle customer calls/ Initiating bridge calls Provide technical assistance to other members of the IT organization Skills required: Experience on SQL and DB2 query, WRK Query. CL Programming User access management Basic Trouble shooting Skills Experience with AS400 security, providing authority to OS and application profiles. Experience with troubleshooting Jobs , monitoring the Jobs, Scheduled Jobs Experience with iSeries backup and recovery process Knowledge on health checkups Maintains a flexible schedule to accomplish tasks Utilize proven analytical and technical skills Hands- on experience in supporting iSeries systems BRMS Mimix Spyview Automation Complete understanding of the full product development lifecycle Self- motivated, driven to achieve committed milestones Ability to work with a team with demonstrated communication skills Expertise and experience desired from the candidat Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Baxter India Pvt. Ltd. Baxter India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details