TITLE: Program Integrator

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: The Program Integrator for Life Care Solutions (LCS) is the key interface between the Global Services, Global Service Part and Repair Operations (GSPO / GSRO) organization and engineering across the entire product lifecycle from M0 to M 8. The Program Integrator leads cross- functional collaboration to ensure service- ready New Product Introductions (NPIs) , to resolve technical obsolescence of service parts, to build a strategy to continue service after end of product sales. Essential Responsibilities: Detailed Role Summary/ Purpose: The Program Integrator for Life Care Solutions (LCS) is the key interface between the Global Services, Global Service Part and Repair Operations (GSPO / GSRO) organization and engineering across the entire product lifecycle from M0 to M 8. The Program Integrator leads cross- functional collaboration to ensure service- ready New Product Introductions (NPIs) , to resolve technical obsolescence of service parts, to build a strategy to continue service after end of product sales, and to reduce service inventory in anticipation of product End of Service Life (EOSL) . Support of Service VCP initiatives is a matter of course. - Ensure customer satisfaction for NPIs by delivering service parts readiness for all M3 milestones - Improve product quality by post- NPI service demand, identifying potential quality problems and escalating to Engineering - Review all engineering changes for impact to service parts; prevent fulfillment gaps and trapped inventory due to engineering changes - Improve fulfillment by prioritizing technical obsolescence workload for supporting engineering teams - Collaborate with engineering teams to build service part lists for products going through M6 and M7 milestones; develop strategy to ensure continued service parts fulfillment after product end of sales - Acting as focal point for global GSPO functions (i. e. Planner / Customer solutions) inside Bangalore site and Asia operations to enable fast connection between right people for fast solution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: 1. Bachelors degree and 7 years experience 2. 3 years experience in cross- functional product development/ integration, product support or project management 3. Ability to work effectively across functions to deliver results for multiple commitments in a global environment 4. Ability to manage competing priorities 5. Ability to monitor and manage critical path elements of consolidated projects 6. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 7. Ability to make formal presentations 8. Feeling comfortable with being managed remotely. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: 1. MBA or Masters Degree 2. LCS product knowledge and experience 3. Experience working in PDM systems (Agile or MWS preferred) 4. Experience working in Oracle GLPROD 5. Strong analytical skills 6. Experience working with product installed base teams or field service 7. Previous customer advocate or program core team leadership experience (LPI, LSI, SW Integrator or Subsystem Leader) 8. Proven experience improving processes and accelerating chang Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details