TITLE: Senior Citrix Systems Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Epsilon is looking for a highly motivated individual to help support, deploy, and monitor its Citrix XenDesktop user environment. This person must be willing to work in a fast paced growth environment working with multiple client platforms and requirements. This individual will deploy, maintain, monitor and support all Citrix XenDesktop and XenApp infrastructure- related activities of the organization. The Citrix Administrator must have experience building and configuring systems (hardware, software, etc) , work closely with other departments to identify, recommend, implement, and support cost- effective technology solutions in a project oriented environment. Manage a shared ticket queue of daily system requests. Duties and responsibilities Administer and Support Citrix environments using industry best practice solutions that meet the need of the business. Primary technologies include: XenDesktop 7.6, XenApp 65, XenServer, VMWare, All Microsoft Server Operating Systems - Server 2003 / Server 2008 / Server 2008 R2, / Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Active Directory Manage the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade, and support of all Citrix systems. XenApp, XenServer, XenDesktop, CAGs and Net Scalars. Benchmark, analyze and report on all issues related to XenDesktop Keep current with the latest technologies; willing to accept future training and certification. Practice asset management for Windows hardware, software and equipment and ensure that asset management policies are adhered to by the team. Act as member of a ticket queue system to address and resolve day to day support requests from the business. Qualifications Minimum qualifications 5 years experience Undergraduate Degree or equivalent experience Preferred qualifications Microsoft and VMware Certs a plus. Strong technical knowledge of Citrix XenDesktop and XenApp Good technical knowledge of All Microsoft operating systems, VMware ESX / ESXi and Virtual Center. Strong technical knowledge of current network principals, protocols and standards. Proven experience in IT infrastructure planning, performance monitoring and development. Familiar with applicable data privacy practices and laws. Strong understanding of project managements principles. Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills. Highly self- motivated, directed with keen attention to detail. Proven analytical, evaluative and problem- solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment. Exceptional customer service skills and orientation. Extensive experience working in a team- oriented, collaborative environment. Experience in automation and scripting strongly preferred. Experience working in large datacenter environments. On- call availability. Travel requirement Infrequent Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details