TITLE: BLR IT Service Operations Center Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Primary task is Level 1 support for our IT customers and users. As single point of contact you receive and manage incident calls, tickets and all kinds of requests from our internal business and manufacturing users. You are also responsible for monitoring our IT infrastructure, business and manufacturing applications. You take calls from APAC region (mainly Singapore) locations, but also from other sites (such as Dresden/ Germany, US etc.) . Your IT background helps you to resolve incidents in the Service Operations Center (level 1 resolution) , and you track, categorize and prioritize incident & problem tickets, monitoring events and service requests. You help coordinating and documenting the recovery of impacted IT services. Communication and knowledge transfer between level 1 and level 2 support teams is also critical for the successful operations of our IT infrastructure and applications. The Service Operations Center takes over standardized tasks from all level 2 support teams, such as working on service requests for network, data center, end user computing, access management and many more.Job Requirements: Summary of Tasks IT Service Desk Single point of contact for all IT and several manufacturing organisations Call handling (ACD) , e- mail and IT Service Management tool (ServiceNow) Provide end user support via remote support Support in English for global locations (Germany, US, Singapore) Incident management & escalation Knowledge management Level 1 IT Operations Remote support Data center support Event management - central monitoring Account management, permissions and termination process IT downtime coordination Candidate Profile You bring broad IT knowledge (Windows, UNIX, networks, end user computing, applications) and basic IT support process understanding. ITIL v3 understanding or certification would be a preferred add- on, also experience in IT service operations (level 1 and 2) , using an ITSM tool and managing a central monitoring environment. You are very technical and user service- oriented, flexible and cooperative. You are ready to work in shifts (12 x 7, incl. weekends) . Good communication skills and customer service is required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Superior Group Superior Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details