TITLE: L1 Engineer Security

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Do you want to be the person who exceeds your potential If you have a desire to succeed and drive your own career, Dimension Data offers you the opportunity to make that happen. Were positioned to lead the change in the biggest transformation that the IT industry has seen in decades and we need your talent, skill, and ambitious ideas. As a Global Top Employer to over 28, 000 great people in more than 58 countries, youll be working with teams across the world. Youll be doing great things for our clients and helping them achieve their business ambitions. Job Description We are currently looking for a L1 Engineer Security to support the business in achieving its strategic objective. The primary role of the L1 Engineer Security is to direct all aspects of a Managed Services client experience, individually and through the resources and vendors available. You will execute incident, problem, request, change, and release efforts, handle low and medium severity cases to attain and maintain an associate and/ or professional level of training, certifications, experience, and knowledge, and provide assistance to colleagues and clients in resolving technical requests. As L1 Engineer Security you need to be able to work independently while handling multiple client incidents, problems or projects. Thats why we need someone with strong organisational and project management skills, a proven background in customer service, and the ability to use an innovative technology approach to solve problems. What we expect you to do As client contact you will provide support services, incident investigation, data gathering, event to incident confirmation/ correlation, and standard defined release work (SVR/ CHM) . Monitor, assess, manage and troubleshoot client networks in both the private and public sectors, from commercial to corporate networks to large global enterprise environments. Deliver technical services activities within your specialty technology support group in the GSC. Provide ownership and direction on a case until resolution is reached, collaborate with fellow engineers and external resources, and assure positive verbal and written communication with both colleagues and client staff members at every stage of the process. Gather information regarding cases and work to resolve issues independently but know when to escalate for assistance to gain experience leveraging monitoring and debugging tools to analyse problems and identify solutions. Investigate and solve technical issues encompassing hardware, software and network equipment specifically related to Cisco ASA/ ISE/ ISR/ ACS/ CWS/ SourceFire, Fortigate, CheckPoint Firewall, Palo Alto, Juniper Firewall, Bluecoat, McAfee and SYmantec Endpoint protection, McAfee and Cisco IPS, Aruba Firewall. Track, understand, record, and take actions to ensure the highest possible level of client satisfaction, by generating clear and concise documentation in the form of case notes, technical tips and white papers. Provide high- quality technical support to clients at all levels, speaking with a confident level of technical understanding, resolving technical problems and helping to proactively prevent new issues. Keep up- to- date with new technology and product offerings. Continuously seek opportunities to learn and gain knowledge in technology, as well as across the business. Qualifications Here's what we are looking for in candidates for this job Associate or higher level degree in Computer Science or a closely related field Preferred certification (s) : Associate- level mandatory, Professional- level preferred or at least actively in- progress, i. e. CCNA/ CCNP A minimum of 5 years experience in formally structured IT projects or supporting IT environments with a strong background configuring, troubleshooting and supporting IT technologies across many vendors and platforms Direct and practical experience working with Routing Switching, Transport/ Wireless, Voice, Security, and Data Centre technologies. Additional Information Diversity in Dimension Data We have a global culture that embraces diversity. Dimension Data respects the diverse experiences and individual beliefs of its employees. As such, Dimension Data is committed to an inclusive workplace for all and were proud to provide equal employment opportunities for all qualified applicants. Videos To Watch I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hashtag Talent Hashtag Talent Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details