TITLE: SFDC BSA_Permanent

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SFDC BSA : Exp: 9- 10 Yrs Location : Bangalore Notice period : Immediate- 15 Days 1. This requirement is for a senior SFDC BSA/ Consultant with SFDC Certifications. This is NOT a simple Business Analyst requirement, but a Salesforce BSA/ Consultant, who can also do Solution Design in Salesforce 2. As an SFDC Consultant, the person should have driven or played an integral role in a minimum of 4- 5 different Salesforce.com implementations, of not less than 6 months each. 3. Total IT industry experience of atleast 10 years, with atleast 5- 6 of those in Salesforce.com. 4. Knowledge of Salesforce.com Sales Cloud and Service Cloud should have experience working with SFDC objects, configuration and administration essentials. 5. Apex/ Visualforce knowledge will be Highly preferable, but not mandatory as long as the person has very good experience in doing Solution Design/ Technical Design. 6. Ability to capture requirements from business users requirements may pertain to implementation of SFDC Service/ Sales Cloud, or may pertain to development of pure- play Custom- applications on the Force.com platform. 7. Knowledge of Requirements Analysis and Management processes: Important! - - very very hands- on experience and high degree of comfort in preparing Requirement artifacts like BRD, SRS (Functional requirements) , Gap analysis documents/ Use- cases, and Solution Design documentation. 8. Important! - - Very good Experience in Designing solutions in SFDC/ Force.com based on a BRD, and churning out a Solution Design / Technical Design Document. 9. Experience in interacting with Business teams and Users across different geographies, and in running end- to- end Requirements- gathering and Design- brainstorming sessions. 10. Also need to be able to build prototype configurations in SFDC/ Force.com as part of Design phase. 11. Good communication and analytical skills are a Must the person should be able to grasp user requirements quickly, and also be able to present information to users effectively during design / prototype reviews / JAD sessions. 12. Experience in Onsite- Offshore coordination: Coordinate with Development/ Configuration and Testing teams during build and deployment phases of the project. Also, will need to liaison between IT and business teams to help clarify questions and requirements. 13. Daily US- late- evening or US- early- morning calls with Offshore development/ configuration/ testing teams are a Must. 14. This is a position for an experienced Consultant, and the person will not only interact with different Business and IT teams on a day- to- day basis, but will also be the key person responsible for winning the confidence of the main Project Sponsor (VP/ Executive Director level) as well as the Enterprise Architecture team at the client- site. Please share profiles at the earliest and also please tell the candidate that it would be a WebEx interview and interviews will happen in weekdays only, please drop the candidates who are not available for webex interviews kindly dont schedule interviews for them. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required SFDC BSA : Exp: 9- 10 Yrs Location : Bangalore Notice period : Immediate- 15 Days 1. This requirement is for a senior SFDC BSA/ Consultant with SFDC Certifications. This is NOT a simple Business Analyst requirement, but a Salesforce BSA/ Consultant, who can also do Solution Design in Salesforce 2. As an SFDC Consultant, the person should have driven or played an integral role in a minimum of 4- 5 different Salesforce.com implementations, of not less than 6 months each. 3. Total IT industry experience of atleast 10 years, with atleast 5- 6 of those in Salesforce.com. 4. Knowledge of Salesforce.com Sales Cloud and Service Cloud should have experience working with SFDC objects, configuration and administration essentials. 5. Apex/ Visualforce knowledge will be Highly preferable, but not mandatory as long as the person has very good experience in doing Solution Design/ Technical Design. 6. Ability to capture requirements from business users requirements may pertain to implementation of SFDC Service/ Sales Cloud, or may pertain to development of pure- play Custom- applications on the Force.com platform. 7. Knowledge of Requirements Analysis and Management processes: Important! - - very very hands- on experience and high degree of comfort in preparing Requirement artifacts like BRD, SRS (Functional requirements) , Gap analysis documents/ Use- cases, and Solution Design documentation. 8. Important! - - Very good Experience in Designing solutions in SFDC/ Force.com based on a BRD, and churning out a Solution Design / Technical Design Document. 9. Experience in interacting with Business teams and Users across different geographies, and in running end- to- end Requirements- gathering and Design- brainstorming sessions. 10. Also need to be able to build prototype configurations in SFDC/ Force.com as part of Design phase. 11. Good communication and analytical skills are a Must the person should be able to grasp user requirements quickly, and also be able to present information to users effectively during design / prototype reviews / JAD sessions. 12. Experience in Onsite- Offshore coordination: Coordinate with Development/ Configuration and Testing teams during build and deployment phases of the project. Also, will need to liaison between IT and business teams to help clarify questions and requirements. 13. Daily US- late- evening or US- early- morning calls with Offshore development/ configuration/ testing teams are a Must. 14. This is a position for an experienced Consultant, and the person will not only interact with different Business and IT teams on a day- to- day basis, but will also be the key person responsible for winning the confidence of the main Project Sponsor (VP/ Executive Director level) as well as the Enterprise Architecture team at the client- site. Please share profiles at the earliest and also please tell the candidate that it would be a WebEx interview and interviews will happen in weekdays only, please drop the candidates who are not available for webex interviews kindly dont schedule interviews for them. Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details