TITLE: Sales Representative

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sell Bluemeric products, solutions and services using consultative & direct selling tactics Conduct cold- calls and face- to- face meetings with customers with about Maintain 20 calls/ day out to Prospects and Customers Achieve and exceed monthly sales quotas as defined by management Develop and manage strategic relationships with current customers through prospecting and networking to accomplish sales objectives. Prospect, track, and close new business opportunities. Meet expectations with regard to weekly sales funnel activities and provide required reporting. Establish and cultivate relationships with networking partners. For consideration, candidates must possess the following requirements, skills, and experience: Previous experience in positioning and selling Enterprise Cloud technology to new customers and new markets. Strong understanding of cloud computing concepts, including 3 - 5 years experience selling both cloud and managed services. 2- 3 years selling in the Seattle/ Bothell market. Significant industry knowledge, strong verbal, written communication/ presentation skills and a history of meeting or exceeding sales goals. Strong consultative sales approach and a passion for the industry, acting as a trusted adviser throughout the sales cycle. Strong network of industry partners and prospect clients. Traveling to San Francisco, CA on a regular basis will be required. Additional travel may be required. Bachelor Degree in Business Administration preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bluemeric Technologies Pvt Ltd Bluemeric Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details