TITLE: Entrepreneur in Residence | Disruptive Beverage Startup| BLR

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is one of the early entrants in the organised tea chain business and targets market of young working professionals via its network of stores, dispensers on corporate premises and a recently launched delivery business.The company has built its own cloud-based software platform which connects the point of sale, supply chain, employee management, delivery system, and auditing etc. in one place. They have secured $10 million in a new round led by Fidelitys proprietary investment arm, Eight Roads Ventures (formerly Fidelity Growth Partners India), with participation from Saama Capital and DSG Consumer Partners. Play lead role in vettingand evaluation of companies seeking funding. Assist early stage companies indeveloping business strategies. Mentor inexperienced entrepreneurs in key start up activities relatedto team formation, strategic marketing, business development, strategic partnering, manufacturingstrategy and fund raising. Duties: 1. Perform targeted outreach within the cleantech, economic development and startup ecosystems to enhance awareness funding and support programs focused on commercialization assistance. 2. Collaborate with incubators, accelerators and other entrepreneurial support organizations todrive awareness of programs and stimulate startup activity. 3. Find, meet, track, rank and monitor a pipeline of prospective companies that could be goodcandidates for support. 4. Make presentations to prospective companies on the range of support programs available (e.g. commercialization project funding,entrepreneurial mentoring, showcasing). 5. Work with prospective companies to identify intersections between the companies R&D needs/plans and potential collaborators and potential capabilities that could be helpful in commercializing the companies technology. 6. Provide feedback to teams (startup companies) that are developing funding proposals to assist them in putting their best foot forward. 7. Lead the staff evaluation and vetting of funding proposals by the Commercialization Advisory Board including assessment of business strategies, value proposition, customer traction, technology viability, market size and competitive positioning. 8. Monitor funded projects to assure successful and timely accomplishment of milestones. 9. Assist and advise funded companies on their most important startup issues such as executive team formation, customer development, channel strategy, manufacturing strategy,fund raising and strategic partnering. Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Top Management Role:SBU/Profit Center Head Keyskills Strategic Marketing Business Development Strategy Fund Raising Supply Chain Project Funding Employee Management System Audit start up business strategy Strategy Planning VC venture capitalist mentoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Demonstrated experience as an entrepreneur in one or more startup companies or senior executive in one or more high growth corporationsDemonstrated knowledge of early stage development and funding of technology companiesExtensive relevant work experience that can be drawn upon in advising and mentoring early stage companiesDemonstrated ability to ramp up quickly in understanding the key attributes of technologies,products, markets and teams that lead to successful startup companiesCollege degree in a relevant disciplineMBA or experience in entrepreneurial management roles or senior roles in growth companiesExisting network of contacts in the business, technology, and/or sustainability community Company Profile: Unnati Leading F&B retail chain Our client is one of the early entrants in the organised tea chain business and targets market of young working professionals via its network of stores, dispensers on corporate premises and a recently launched delivery business.The company has built its own cloud-based software platform which connects the point of sale, supply chain, employee management, delivery system, and auditing etc. in one place.nThey have secured 10 million dollars in a new round led by Fidelitys proprietary investment arm, Eight Roads Ventures (formerly Fidelity Growth Partners India), with participation from Saama Capital and DSG Consumer Partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details