TITLE: System Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you customer obsessed, flexible, smart and analytical, execution focused and passionate about e- commerce Amazon Payments India offers a creative, fast- paced, entrepreneurial work environment where youll be at the center of Amazon innovation. We are looking for an experienced Salesforce Administrator to manage our CRM service tool to help meet Amazons evolving business needs. The successful candidate will conduct ongoing support, user training, business analysis and activities for enhancements, upgrades, data conversions and report development for multiple business groups with varying needs. He will be passionate about his work, self- motivated, detail oriented and would be a go- to man for all issues related to salesforce. Key Responsibilities: Manage the Salesforce.com CRM application. Responsible for maintaining the functional areas of data management, deal registration, contacts, leads, campaigns, opportunities Provide day- to- day end- user support (including system configuration, complex formulas and system maintenance) and assist users with proactive best practices to enhance and increase their knowledge of Salesforce.com Maintain user roles and profiles, security settings, access settings etc. (User Profiles, Role Hierarchy, Sharing Rules and Security) Create and manage custom objects, fields, formulas, validation rules, custom workflow and approval processes Manage and implement the data entry & import processes; ensure proper data- quality standards. Regularly audit for data quality and duplicate records Create and maintain salesforce reports and dashboards that allow the sales team to optimize their time, monitor their business and maximize their productivity Provide training to end- users and be able to respond to end- user queries and requests for support Prior Experience and skills : Experience in a highly analytical, results- oriented environment with external or internal customer interaction. Experience with Salesforce.com environment Experience with tools and technologies that work with Salesforce.com including marketing applications Preferred qualifications: Experience with enterprise integration tools and extract, transformation and load (ETL) tool Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Prior Experience and Skills Experience in a analytical, results- oriented environment with external customer interaction. Prior success managing a program consisting of 2- 3 projects, processes, dependencies & stakeholders. Ability to work directly with the systems/ data and with remote teams. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business by the numbers. Must be metrics- driven. Proven analytical and quantitative skills (including proficiency with tools such as Excel and Access) and an ability to use data to back up assumptions and develop business cases. Bachelors required in computer science, sciences or engineering, masters preferred Proficiency in excel, word etc. 1 years of experience as a program manager Preferred Qualifications Experience with e- commerce, retail, advertising, or media would be an advantag Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details