TITLE: Key Account Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required 3 to 6 years experience in sales and marketing. He needs to attain business volume as high as possible and to heighten the sales. Shall be meeting potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging his network. Job Description: Prospecting for potential new clients in Enterprise Accounts in respective regions. Expected to Build strong relationships with Decision Makers/ CXO/ Sr. Mgmt. of Enterprise Accounts. Making calls/ visiting customers within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust funnel for opportunities for ESDS Lines of Businesses. Identify and prospect potential clients in Enterprise Accounts and manage relationship in order to generate business for ESDS. Identify Key decision makers / IT Consultants within the Enterprise Accounts / organizations and build strong relationship in order to get first right of refusal for ESDS Line of Business opportunity. Ensuring to meet an Individual Quarterly and Annual Sales targets for each line of business of ESDS from Enterprise Accounts. Building stronger relationships with Sr. management / CXO of Enterprise Accounts/ clients. Actively participate in discussing, probing and evaluating needs with Prospective customer from Enterprise Accounts and work upon preparation and submission of proposal , do sales negotiation and closer of order, processing PO in system of ESDS. Manage and review Contract documentation, Payment terms and collection of money from Customer for the invoices generated for services rendered. Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products and alliances with different OEMs/ partners. Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and make alliance with OEM- Partner, consultants that will lead to win Sales for ESDS Solutions in Enterprise Accounts. Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company unique selling propositions and differentiators in Prospects in Enterprise Accounts/ Clients. Follow account management process and regularly follow up with customer for newer and newer sales opportunities. Close deals to meet the sales targets w.r.t various lines of business of ESDS. Develop strong client relations and maintaining corporate relations.Desired Skills & Experience: Must have been working in the respective regions since last 3- 4 years atleast handling Top / Larger Enterprise Accounts. Must have selling experience in IT / DC Services/ Networking Products/ Network Security Products/ Managed Services/ Remote Infra Services in Enterprise Vertical in Top/ Large Accounts in the respective regions. Must have strong, good working relationship with Decision Makers/ Sr. Mgt./ CXOs/ IT Consultants in Top Enterprise Accounts in respective regions. Excellent communication, listening skills & ability to present Solutions to Senior Management / CXOs of Enterprise Accounts customers. Expected to know the various initiatives / Trends in use of IT / Managed services/ DC services / Security / IT software and hardware/ Projects in Enterprise Accounts. Good sales and negotiation skills, Must have done Account planning. Must possess skill for identifying Customer Needs and Challenges and must have worked with OEMs/ Vendors/ Partners/ IT Consultants in Enterprise Accounts. Proven Sales Track record in Enterprise Accounts and exposure to Account Management Process for Enterprise Accounts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details