TITLE: Senior Product Manager - Oracle Sales Cloud

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Lead a team that acts as the central resource and driving force for the design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing of product (s) as they move from conception to distribution. Organize interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/ product on schedule and within budget. As a member of the product development division, you will analyze and integrate external customer specifications. Suggest and justify product directions and specifications. Specify, design and implement moderate changes to existing software architecture. Build new products and development tools. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to discuss major changes to functionality. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overview The OracleSales Cloud group is focused on building the next generation of CRM systems. Asa senior product manager, you will translate customer, market and competitiveinsight into innovative products that customers want to buy and love to use.Come join a vibrant and high energy team that is shaping the future of CRM. Responsibilities Own a component of the Sales Performance Management product Define the product roadmap Track competitive product features and plans Prioritize backlog and define user stories Engage closely with usability, engineering and qualityassurance teams Communicate product strategy and functionality Enable our ecosystem to sell and deploy the product Increase sales & beat the competition Skills Experienced in product management or consulting for softwareapplications (preferably Saas/ enterprise CRM) Passionate about product design and customer success Equally comfortable with seeing the "bigpicture" and meticulously thinking through details Ability to gather, validate, prioritize and document userstories Ability to prioritize among competing opportunities andarticulate the strategic impact of decisions Excellent mix of business and technical skills Ability to communicate with and influence team members Ability to work with an off- shoreengineering team Excellent written and oral communication skills, including presenting to large, diverse audiences 5- 7 years experience as a product manager orother relevant experience Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details