TITLE: Senior QA Automation Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary: The Senior Quality Assurance Automation Engineer provides technical leadership as part of the QA Team and is responsible for test automation. They will assist and mentor less experienced QA team members in automation and quality practices throughout the SDLC. They are knowledgeable in modern test techniques, including automation, and will participate in test design necessary to verify our products. This role participates in all aspects of the QA/ Test process, including automation strategies for specific projects. They will develop automation frameworks, scripts, and tools to execute on our automation strategies. Responsibilities: Evaluation, selection, and implementation of automated testing tools that meet our organizations requirements Using selected tools, develop a test automation framework that is usable by users in a variety of roles and with varying skill sets Establish automation and code standards to ensure consistency across applications. Effectively train users in the framework and help the achieve self- sufficiency in the shortest amount of time possible Identify areas and advocate for automation to improve testing and organizational efficiency Responsible for complex and highly integrated software systems developed in a fast- paced agile development environment. Provide input to and execute the test automation roadmap. Using metrics, demonstrate operational efficiency and return on automation investment Mentor, evaluate, and provide leadership to QA staff. Help plan and design test strategies and QA procedures. Review business requirements for testability and provide design input to make software more testable. Participate in the review of project deliverables including requirement specifications, functional design documents and technical design documents Responsible for the creation and execution of automated test cases to verify software functionality and adherence to business requirements Work closely with the Business Analysts, formulating test plans, preparing test cases, executing the tests, and fully documenting and reporting the results. Analyze, maintain, and track defects for testing. Summarize testing and validation results and communicate with project team members regarding status. Qualifications: Must have previous experience implementing a test automation framework, preferably using Selenium Minimum 6 years Quality Assurance experience with at least three years (3) years in a leadership role in Quality Assurance and/ or Testing. Experienced with MS SQLServer and/ or Oracle databases and tools Experience testing web services (REST or SOAP) Strong experience with automation tools (cucumber, selenium) and scripting languages (ruby, python, etc.) Functional expert in QA strategies and techniques. Excellent analytical skills with strong attention to detail Solid communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non- technical audiences Team player as well as a self- starter who needs little supervision. Mentors engineers in proper test design techniques. Verifies defects. Independently develops test schedules. Working knowledge and experience using Agile with Scrum Methodology Education: Bachelors degree in computer science or technical discipline or equivalent combination of education/ experience. Desired Qualifications: Masters degree in computer science or technical discipline At least 2 years of experience in a software development role using an Object Oriented language (C , Java) . Experience with unit testing & Test Driven Development (TDD) 2 years experience conducting white box test design, testing techniques and unit testing with automation frameworks/ harnesses (JUnit, TestNG, NUnit, etc.) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details