TITLE: Engineered Systems - Exadata Technical Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required GlobalCustomer Support Database - Exadata: Job Description Weare looking to recruit a Senior Software Engineer to the established Oracle DatabaseExadata support team. The successful candidate will be located in India. Theteams main responsibility is to troubleshoot highly complex technical issuesrelated to the Oracle Exadata and within areas like Real Application Clusters, HighAvailability, Data Guard, Corruption, Backup and Recovery, RMAN, Performance, Memory Management, Parallel query, Querytuning, Storage, ASM, Security, Networking, Enterprise Manager etc. The Engineer should have good hands onexperience on UNIX, Linux and/ or Solaris platforms . The selected candidates are expected to workin partnership with customers, other support engineers and developers todeliver a superior ownership experience to the customer. The selected candidatewill have opportunities to become an Expert / Guru in Database technologies.The candidate will be widely regarded as a subject matter expert in theircurrent role and will demonstrate the ability to resolve complex problems oridentify acceptable workarounds. He/ she should be able to perform theirassigned duties with a great degree of independence requiring minimaldirection. The Engineer is expected to be a key member of the technical problemsolving as well as problem avoidance team, routinely sought after to addressextremely complex, critical customer issues. RESPONSIBILITIES Themain role of a Support engineer is to troubleshoot highly complex technicalproblems (Oracle Database) requiring high level of technical expertise - Works directly with customers - Participates in weekend rotation and shifts - Participates in initiatives that improve overall product and documentationquality - Participates in product/ platform testing - Drives improvements in product quality - Serves as Situation Manager on highly sensitive Customer issues - Consults with Management in directing resolution of critical Customer situations - Consults with Customers on complex use of Oracle products - Achieves knowledge transfer through development and delivery of training, knowledge sessions, mentoring etc - Creation/ Review of Knowledge Articles - Contribute significantly towards the My Oracle Support Database communities - Analyzes work load, determines best practices and implements changes toimprove productivity - Proactively contribute to increasing the team efficiency by sharingknowledge, providing feedback about best practices, writing tools / utilities Whoare we looking for QUALIFICATIONS - Technicaldegree i.e. BE / B.Tech / M.Tech / MCA / M.Sc. in Computer Science / ManagementInformation Systems / Engineering / Math / Physics / Chemistry or proven professionaland technical experience. - Greaterthan four years of industry experience TECHNICALSKILLS Weare looking for a core technical person, who has hands- on Databaseadministration experience on UNIX/ Linux and/ or worked as L3 level support engineer and/ or having equivalent knowledge. You should have expertise in RealApplication Cluster (RAC) , Dataguard & ASM/ Storage areas. Operating systemsexpertise / SA &general awareness on rest of the areas mentioned below, will be an addedadvantage - Databasearchitecture knowledge and administration - Experiencewith clustering technologies from different vendors - Thoroughunderstanding of the Oracle database features - Extensivehands on interaction with large Database management systems - Backup andRecovery, RMAN, knowledge of various restore and recovery scenarios. - PerformanceTuning, Parallel query, Query tuning - Networking - Partitioning - DatabaseSecurity - EnterpriseManager - GeneralUNIX/ Linux concepts & Administration - ManagingKernel Parameters, Partitioning and File systems PERSONALATTRIBUTES - Selfdriven and result oriented - Strong Problem solving/ analytical skills - Strong customer support and client relation skills - Effective communication (verbal & written) - Focus on relationships (internal & external) - Strong willingness to learn new things and share them with others - Influencing/ negotiating - Team player - Customer focused - Confident and decisive - Enthusiasm - Flexibility - Coaching/ knowledge transfer Ability - Ability to write technical Bulletins Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details