TITLE: Customer Service Director - Managed Cloud Services

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. As a Client Relations Manager, you will be responsible for delivery of departmental results through successful direction and management of team or staff. While in this role, you will ensure high levels of customer satisfaction by establishing and measuring group performance against quality and productivity guidelines. Your role will have an important part in the development and execution of the Client Relations yearly business plan. In addition, you will be responsible for establishing, implementing, and communicating departmental objectives and service levels. As a manager, you will be responsible for preparing and presenting employee performance appraisals on a regular basis. You will always be prepared to act as a company spokesperson to outside customers regarding their needs and inquiries. Leads a specialized area which may have diverse functional elements. Frequently interacts with supervisors and/ or functional peer group managers. May interact with senior management. Bachelors degree as well as at least 3 years Client Relations experience or appropriate related experience at Oracle. In addition, a proven track record of excellent problem solving and research skills, and excellent communication skills, while projecting a positive, professional image. Because of the nature of this position, you should have excellent communication skills, as well as the ability to provide leadership and direction to a professional team. As a Manager, you will demonstrate good judgment in the balancing of customer, employee, and company objectives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Service Delivery Leader Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details