TITLE: Senior Operations Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Coordination and supervision - Coordinate, manage and supervise the installation team, client account management team and the maintenance team Strategic Planning - Plan and execute the installation, erection and commissioning of client projects with well- defined timelines including financial planning for the project Client Management - Engage with client point of contact to ensure smooth pre- installation arrangements and coordinate till handing over of system Procurement - Manage and Plan Procurement of raw material and equipment for the projects Human Resource in Operations team - Plan the use of human resources. Organize recruitment and placement of required staff, establish organizational structures. delegate tasks and accountabilities, establish work schedules, supervise staff. Monitor and evaluate performance. Communication - Monitor, manage and improve the efficiency of support services such as IT, HR, Accounts and Finance. Facilitate coordination and communication between support functions. Strategic Input - Liaison with top management. Assist in the development of strategic plans for operational activity. Implement and manage operational plans. Liaising with production, post- sales and maintenance teams for quick resolution of issues. Perform related duties as assigned by the Reporting Manager Maintain compliance with all company policies and procedures Education and/ or Work Experience Requirements: Operations experience in managerial role for more than 4 years with total operations experience of 7 years or more. College degree in business administration, management, industrial technology or industrial engineering. Degrees in operations management are also preferred. Industry relevant production experience in manufacturing will be valuable Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers Well versed with MS Office - Word, Excel and Outlook Knowledge of business and management, financial and accounting principles and practices Knowledge of human resource principles and practices Knowledge of project management principles and practices Key Competencies Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service Ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices Critical thinking and problem solving skills Planning and organizing projects with resource allocation Quick decision- making and strong communication skills Conflict Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Manager / Sr Manager - Administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GPS Renewables GPS Renewables Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details