TITLE: Digital Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Plan and execute all web, SEO/ SEM, email marketing, social media marketing and digital advertising campaigns Design, build and maintain client social media presence. Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs) Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights. Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies Plan, execute, and measure experiments and conversion tests Collaborate with internal teams to create landing pages and optimize user experience Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate endtoend customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points Instrument conversion points and optimize user funnels Evaluate emerging technologies. Provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate Devising strategies to drive online traffic to the company website. . Tracking conversion rates and making improvements to the website Developing and managing digital marketing campaigns Utilizing a range of techniques including paid search, SEO and PPC. Overseeing the social media strategy for the company. Managing online brand and product campaigns to raise brand awareness. Improving the usability, design, content and conversion of the company Experience in setting up and optimizing Google Ad words campaigns. Qualifications and Education Requirements: 4 to 6 years of relevant experience. Proven experience in digital marketing Good experience and understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements Search engine experience, including the ability to generate inbound links from the internet Proficiency using tools to track and report on response rates, traffic and pick up Broader digital marketing skills encompassing keyword generation, PPC marketing and banner advertising Experience of budgeting, reporting and analysis & team management Ability to work in a fastpaced startup environment Strong written communication skills. Handson experience with social media communication methods. Comprehensive knowledge of Google Analytics and other tracking tools. Strong Analytic skills to measure performance of digital marketing campaigns. Up to date knowledge on latest trends and best practices in the field of Digital Marketing. Handson experience with search engines and complete knowledge on the concepts of SEO. Handson experience on Google adwords, Bing ads, fb ads, Adroll and other online advertising platforms. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Digicliff Solutions Pvt Ltd Digicliff Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details