TITLE: Senior Principal Consultant - Fusion HCM Functional

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An experienced consulting professional who has a broad understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designs within a product/ technology family. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertise to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. May lead the solution design and implementation aspects of engagement (s) ensuring high quality, integrated software solutions within constraints of time and budget. May act as the team lead on projects, providing coaching, guidance and feedback to develop skills of team members. Effectively consults with management of customer organizations. Participates in business development activities. Develops and leads detailed solutions for moderately complex projects. 6- 8 years of experience relevant to this position including 3- 4 years consulting experience preferred. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience preferred. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Title Senior Principal Consultant Location India, Bangalore Organization Name Global Service Delivery - Fusion HCM Functional Department Description Global Services Delivery (GSD) is an extended arm of Oracles North America Consulting (NAC) operating out of Bangalore & Hyderabad locations. The Global Service Delivery mission is to be an integral part of North America Consulting (NAC) in delivering superior quality, reliable, innovative and cost effective lifecycle management solutions to our customers. We achieve this by: Being competitive by recruiting, training, and retaining the best talent for business development and delivery Providing best in class optimum shore solutions that solve customer problems and reduce total cost of ownership Leveraging reusable assets to reduce cost, increase speed, and minimize risk Exceeding customers' expectations, listening to the voice of the customer, continually refining and enhancing our services, and becoming a trusted advisor Managing the business in a transparent and accountable manner Enabling business units to exceed bookings and revenue targets Brief Description An experienced consulting professional who has an understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designs within a product/ technology family. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Detailed Description Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertise to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. May act as the team lead on projects. Effectively consults with management of customer organizations. Participates in business development activities. Develops and configures detailed solutions for moderately complex projects. Job Requirements 5- 7 years of experience relevant to this position including 2 years consulting experience preferred. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or functional expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Additional Details Fusion HCM Functional Candidates with 9 to 11 years of relevant experience in HCM Applications with at least five end to end Implementation experience along with experience in at least 2 projects as a lead with a team size of at least 9- 10 developers after Engineering Graduation in any discipline or MCA Degree. Hands- on experience with implementation of at least three of the Fusion HCM modules: Core HR, Benefits, Time and Labor, US Payroll, Talent Management, Compensation Management, Absence Management. Should have prior experience with one or more Oracle ERPs including E Business Suite / Taleo / PeopleSoft/ JDE. Should have strong written and verbal communication skills, personal drive, flexibility, team player, problem solving, influencing and negotiating skills and organizational awareness and sensitivity, engagement delivery, continuous improvement and knowledge sharing and client management. Good functional leadership capability with strong planning and follow up skills, mentorship, Work Allocation, Monitoring and status updates to Project Manager Assist in the identification, assessment and resolution of complex functional issues/ problems. Interact with client frequently around specific work efforts/ deliverables Candidate should be open for domestic or international travel for short as well as long duration. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details