TITLE: Technical Product Specialist Job

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job We are seeking a highly self- motivated Mobile Technologist and Product Expert with customer facing experience for the role of Product Specialist. The role relies on this individuals product acumen and skill to work as the go- to product expert in the APJ Region for all of the BUs products and drive value by generating, nurturing and closing opportunities in our customer and prospect base. About the Role This individual will manage product engagements in pre and post sales cycles to ensure quality driven and timely delivery of projects. He/ She will also have a soft responsibility of key product metrics for the Business Unit like GMRR, Revenue and Units. This role also entails serving as the key focal point between Customers/ Sales/ Services and the Product/ Engg team and will participate in product strategy and product innovation activities Responsibilities: * Work with a cross- functional team of Business Development, Sales, Services and Marketing to drive a successful, collaborative Go- To- Market with soft responsibility of key metrics like GMRR, Revenue and Units * Work closely on all product engagements with customers and prospects and drive the opportunity from lead to close as the de- facto product expert * Be the focal technical point for Emerging Mobile Products across Asia Pacific & Japan for all issues related to Deal Structure, Technical Escalations, Solution Consulting and Pricing * Work with Product Managers and contribute to Product Roadmap, Go- To- Market strategy, Product Packaging and Pricing * Help develop product collateral be instrumental in training the extended teams in Business Development, Sales, Services and partner Organizations * Evangelize the vision of the Business Unit and the Products internally as well as externally and co- ordinate product capabilities with overall EMBU product portfolio Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualification * Education: Bachelors Degree in Computer Sciences or Engineering, MBA preferred. * 6 years of experience with technical and customer facing roles * 2 years of experience in the mobile communication space. Ideally selling to mobile network operators. * Willingness to travel up to 25% of the time Desired Qualifications * Previous work experience in a product specialist role * Previous worked experience in the mobile telecommunication space * Preference to candidates with previous technical account management and technical business development roles * Experience in product management with mobile networks, distributing computing technologies, CDN technologies or equivalent * Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to a broad range of technical and business audiences About Akamai: Akamai? is the leading content delivery network (CDN) providing cloud services that help deliver, optimize, and secure online content and business applications. At the foundation of Akamai solutions, the Akamai Intelligent Platform?? enables unmatched speed, reliability, and securitybacked by expertise and relentless innovationto improve reach and invisibility across the web. Akamai removes the complexities of connecting the increasingly mobile world, supporting 24/ 7 consumer demand, and enabling enterprises to more securely leverage the cloud. To learn how Akamai is accelerating the pace of innovation in a hyperconnected world, visit www.akamai.com, and follow @Akamaijobs on Twitter. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status. EEO is the Law Company Profile: Akamai Akamai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details