TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements : Understanding all aspects/ functions of the business, identifying problem areas that can be solved using technology, conceptualizing the solution, and finally, defining a detailed, prescriptive functional specification for the feature that engineering can deliver against. Prioritizing products and features by analyzing effort vs. impact. Preparing business case for the implementation of technology. Identifying metrics to measure the impact of a certain feature/ piece of technology on an operation. Skills : A deep, strong desire to use technology to solve business problems and improve customer experiences and satisfaction; empathetic to customer needs. Evangelizing customer needs and influencing/ convincing people and teams to see an issue from the customer's viewpoint. Keen powers of observation to help understand and internalize the most minute of details in various business functions/ operations; willingness to dive in deep and get the hands dirty to help understand a process. Ability to clearly think and understand both the 20, 000 feet big- picture and the smallest of details. Excellent creativity and problem- solving abilities to conceptualize/ devise solutions. Abstracting out from multiple streams of information and using prior experience/ learning to connect the dots and apply approaches/ solutions across domains. Ability to think in terms of, as yet unknown future needs and a technology roadmap to reach that future. Strong analytical ability to use the data to build a business case for a solution or to monitor its performance or impact after building it. Qualifications : Engineering from a top- tier college IIT, NIT, BITS with 3 to 5 years of total work experience Prior hands- on experience with programming/ building a Mobile Product is preferred Holding an MBA from a top- tier B- School IIM, ISB is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: stayglad stayglad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details