TITLE: Lead Infrastructure Support Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Support Lead with demonstrated leadership capabilities and a passion for providing world class customer service and satisfaction. Reporting to the Manager of Technical Support Services and working closely with clients and internal teams. The Technical Support Lead is responsible for investigation of client issues, monitoring the Support ticket queue. Training and coaching the team on application and processes as well as recommending improvements. Review daily critical issue handover and report client escalations to managers. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Investigation of client/ alert reported client issues. Monitoring and manage Support ticket queue and ensure issues are assigned within the SLA. Monitor and enforce priority ticket handover process. Contribute and review knowledge base articles. Accountable for operational results in terms of team performance standards and metrics and customer satisfaction. Report high priority issues regarding platform, products and customers that could lead to Priority 1 issues to Manager. Coaching/ development of the team. Work in a 24/ 7 environment with the flexibility to work rotating shifts. Requirements: Bachelor's degree or equivalent in a technical discipline. (Strong Unix and Oracle experience preferred) 8 years of management experience. Ability to lead, motivate and direct a workgroup. Outstanding leadership skills and Customer Service skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong organization skills. Technical Skills: Knowledge with Unix OS. Experience with SQL, MySQL. Strong understanding of networking concepts and protocols including TCP/ IP. Assets: Familiarity interfacing and working with software APIs. Familiarity with Enterprise Java. Familiarity with Unix shell scripting. Familiarity with HTML, XML Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details