TITLE: FBA Investigations Assistant

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon. in's Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) Credit Operations team is seeking a highly motivated Investigation Assistant to help manage daily operational aspects supporting both our Merchant and Customer experience . Our teams' objective is to provide the capability for merchants to obtain the benefit of Fulfillment by Amazon, including all the superior performance of Amazons shipping and customer service. FBA is a highly visible and strategic program within Amazon. This is a chance to work in an innovative team, participating in operational excellence, system support, process and design that span the entire company. Come help build a world class product with Amazon. com's customer centric focus applied to the Merchant experience. The Investigation Assistant will support Sellers, Associates, and Management while ensuring program standards for individual and team performance are met Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Exceptional analytical and data gathering skills. Experience problem solving, including the ability to recognize non- obvious patterns and make decisions in ambiguous situations. Strong prioritization and time management skills, with a high degree of flexibility. Ability to communicate effectively in one to one and group sessions. Experience prioritizing multiple tasks of competing priority with the ability to meet deadlines. Ability to maintain high levels of confidentiality and data security standards. A strong attention to detail and the ability to work independently in a fast- paced and rapidly changing environment. A bias for action and an ability to deal with ambiguity. Can work effectively and drive change in loosely defined situations. Effective, clear, and professional written and oral communication skills. Experience with Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, and Excel. Associates Degree or equivalent work experience. Willing to work overtime and weekends. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of FBA is a plus. Experience in either of Investigations/ Payments or Banking domain is preferred. Demonstrated positive, results oriented attitude Excellent team player capable of learning and sharing knowledge in a team environment. Basic knowledge and experience using SQL is a bonu Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details