TITLE: Accountant 1- Fin

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Maintain general accounting systems, policies, and procedures to ensure that proper information is reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. As a member of the finance division, you will assist in accounting functions which may include general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, fixed assets, and inter- company transactions. Maintain the general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, analysis, reconciliation and reporting. Maintain and implement general accounting systems. Conduct account reconciliation periodically, ledger close activities, and provide accurate financial data to support management in decision making. Develop and prepare financial reports including profit and loss, income and balance sheet statements. Review and analyze inter- company transactions. Ensure all journal entries comply with internal and external audit specifications. Participate in the ongoing development and maintenance of internal procedures and processes. May participate in special projects. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Strong analytical, prioritization and communication skills in partnering with other internal groups and management. Familiarity with Excel spreadsheets is essential. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience. BA/ BS degree in Accounting or equivalent. Some positions need you to be bilingual in English and Spanish or Portuguese. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The candidate will be part of Standard costing update process with Global Hardware controllers team. Will be responsible for updation of cost into the systems, maintain daily tracker, monthly/ quarterly cost validation, understanding the accounting entries, coordinating audits and MIS. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details