TITLE: Software Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required We are looking for a senior software engineer to work on complex cloud control management framework features that form the back bone of Oracle's Enterprise Manager product. Core Framework of the Enterprise Manager Cloud Control product deal with massive scale of deployments in private clouds of customers. It forms the backbone for all modules and functionalities within the Enterprise Manager suite of Products. Customers and functionality owners rely on the Core Framework to provide a stable, performant and scalable base to develop their solutions. Core Framework seemlessly supports managing and monitoring of millions of Databases, Fusion Middlewares, Fusion Applications, etc in a customer's own Private Cloud and Hybrid Cloud deployment scenarios. Complex algorithms drive the framework to achieve speed and scalability required for these operations. We are looking for a senior development position to join our team. This position entails responsibility for the architectural design and implementation of all frameworks and tooling necessary for the successful deployment, configuration, management and monitoring of Customers' Private and Cloud Deployments. We deal with simplifying and automating many of the procedures required by the Customers to manage their deployment of Private and Hybrid Cloud. This is a very challenging role which requires good knowledge of JEE architecture, JVM internals, various design methodologies, Web Service creation, etc for the Core Framework to support the Customers' Hybrid and Private Cloud based deployments. Projects are developed leveraging leading Oracle technologies and using programming languages/ tools that include Java, XML, PL/ SQL, webservices, UI framework (jsp, ADF) , J2EE and deployed on cloud based infrastructures as well as traditional physical infrastructure. The ideal candidate will have the following skills: BS or MS degree in computer science or equivalent, with a solid foundation in complex software system design with development experience of 7 to 10 years. A background with deep and incredible coding skills (especially in Java and J2EE) as well as in all other technical skills necessary for excellence in all stages of product development. Should have strong development skills in developing web applications using J2EE and UI using ADF/ JSP. SQL programming experience is required. Excellent problem solving, innovative, critical thinking, and communication skills Ability to work in an extremely fast paced and challenging environment Ability to coherently work in a team environment. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details