TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Cost savings up- to 70% The successful candidate will be responsible for new client/ account acquisition and revenue growth. You will take up the responsibilities of new business development for web solutions, internet marketing and advertising. You will begin with developing a strategic plan for business development in Dubai and the region and personally implement the plan. You will be experienced in identifying potential clients for our services, initiate contact and lead the team in delivering the right solutions. A good understanding of business, exceptional communication, presentation skills, sound strategizing abilities and the ability to initiate and maintain, healthy relations with clients are crucial for this position. You will also have a track record in developing solution plans, winning negotiation skills, competitor analyses and will have initiated new business pitches successfully. Desired Candidate Profile The successful candidate will be an MBA from a reputed institute or Marketing degree of requisite experience. Professional education in the field of IT / Computer applications will be an advantage. Minimum three years experience in a web solutions/ interactive or advertising agency as a business development/ account management or client servicing manager is essential. Proven track record in developing profitable new business. A self starter who will offer clients professional inputs and a satisfying experience in their association with the company. Identify business opportunities, improve customer satisfaction and drive implementation efforts. You will be a keen listener and possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will be a leader with strong analytical, problem solving and decision making skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SEO Consultants SEO Consultants Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details