TITLE: English To Tamil Translators Full Time for Bangalore & Gurgaon

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Requirements: Minimum 4-6 Yrs of experience in the field of Language translations, copywriting, proofreading and editing. Necessary command of the English language with the ability to provide clear and concise oral and written communication in the Source and Target language. Ability to understand basic elements of Source and Target language. The candidate must be proficient in English and required Target language. Candidate must have Strong oral & written knowledge of the language. Experience of working on different CAT tools such as Google Translate, SDL Studio, Babylon or any other online translation tools will be preferred. Ability to work well under pressure to meet specific deadlines; Ability to understand requirements necessary to perform specific tasks being processed and produced. Passion for language and flare to translate, transcreate and create content in the target language directly. Experience within creative, localization or the online marketing/advertising industry. Ability to relate to ambiguity, work independently and be able to chart direction of projects. Experience as a language translator, linguist, copywriter, writer or editor. Solid translation and linguistic skills. Detail-oriented, quality-focused and proactive, with strong ability to manage projects. Excellent communication skills and the ability to manage multiple and diverse content types. Good knowledge of Native languages technical aspects is a must like different font assemblies, there application on the internet, different typing methods and keyboards, complexities of the language on the technical tools etc. Excellent typing and comprehension speed in English and Target language both. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Translator Keyskills Editing Tamil Proof Reading Copy Writing Translator English to Tamil translator Tamil translator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Techs to Suit Inc Client of Techs of Suit Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details