TITLE: Sr. Developers (NR- 4019)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description for a Technical expert Prior relevant hands- on experience of 4- 7 years Expertise of DotNet, good experience of SQL db technologies, hands on experience building highly scalable REST based services / APIs. Understanding and usage of common Design and Architecture patterns Ability to independently design solutions based on functional requirements and existing implementations to build highly decoupled, testable systems while meeting all existing and new NFRs. Experience managing and engaging Stakeholders (both business and technology) in making quality, design and architecture decisions. Should be a fast learner and good at adopting new concepts, tools and technologies. Should be comfortable and have experience using Open Source technologies. Should be a good and effective communicator with the ability to articulate the nuances of designs and architectures while engaging, challenging and negotiating a design with team members. Knowledge and usage of UML for representing static, event and deployment designs. Strong believer in the power of Agile in delivering incremental, iterative value to customers with hand- on experience. Experience in Retail domain a plus. Should be able to troubleshoot issues and provide quick resolution so that future occurrences can be prevented. Technical Skills: Must- Have .Net 3.5, 4.0 and 4.5; C#, WCF, Web API, SQL Server 2008 and onwards, TFS 2010 and onwards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Symphony Teleca Corporation India Private Limited Symphony Teleca Corporation India Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details