TITLE: Partner

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Come, be a part of the online selling revolution Finance Partner Cloudtail seeks a Finance Analyst to be a key business partner with the Retail teams. Cloudtail is continuing to expand its successful retail business and we are looking for a highly motivated leader who will partner the vendor management team and will be responsible for key business KPIs on In- Stock; working capital investment; Inventory Reserve for the business category. The successful candidate will be a self- starter who is comfortable with ambiguity, detail oriented and will possess the ability to work well with cross- functional teams including corporate finance; vendor management and category management teams; AR, Accounting, and software development teams. RESPONSIBILITIES This person will have the responsibility for: Deep dive on impact of selection plans of the vendor management team and planned purchases. Review impact on working capital and guide business on corrective steps to keep working capital healthy. Monitor in- stock of selection on the platform, as well as slow inventory to avoid inventory reserves. Continuous benchmarking of existing vendor terms and drive towards improved terms year on year. Identify key vendor funding opportunities to improve credit terms and in effect working capital investment. Drive the P L of the business by highlighting CCOGS opportunities and creating accountability in the system. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 6+ years of experience in business finance. Chartered Accountant / MBA Finance. Strong analytical skills Experience working with cross- functional teams Fluency in Excel and SQL Solid communication skills written and verbal PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Understanding of the retail business Maintain a high level of attention to detail, the ability to work independently, adjust priorities, and work in a continuously changing environment. Experience building and managing Financial Models Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prione Business Services Private Limited Prione Business Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details