TITLE: Software Engineer- WMi

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manhattan designs, builds and delivers market- leading Supply Chain Commerce solutions for its customers around the world. We help drive the commerce revolution with unmatched insight and unrivaled technology, connecting front- end revenue and relationships with back- end execution and efficiencyoptimized on a common technology platform. This platform- based approach is enabling leading companies across the globe to get closer to their customers and achieve real- world results Develop New Products, Taking care of big Product enhancements, resolve technical issues that arise post customer implementation. Develop high- quality, client specific enhancements within the establishment timelines. Support all the technical aspects involved in implementation of additional functionality. Work closely with the consultants who are aligned to customers in various geographies developing high quality code in standard environment Unit and integration testing of code Providing technical and implementation support Working with geographically distributed teams and clients across the glob Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum 1- 3 year of hands on AS400 development with full life- cycle development using RPG/ 400, ILERPG/ RPG IV and ILECL including client interaction. Heavy subfiles experience and good knowledge on Relational Database system. (DB2) AS400 Architecture and Commands. Prior PkMS exp would be nice. Good communication skills Excellent team player Should be quick learner Manhattan Associates is at the forefront of the most innovative technologies. Our business casual environment provides plenty of opportunity for growth within your career. We pride ourselves on promoting a culture that encourages open minds, fosters superior communication and creates new possibilities. We are committed to attracting and cultivating an inclusive environment that leverages unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We believe our people and culture give us a competitive edge, and allow us to work collaboratively to drive Supply Chain Commerce innovation. Manhattan Associates is at the forefront of the most innovative technologies, in a business casual environment that provides plenty of opportunity for growth. We pride ourselves on promoting a culture that encourages open minds, fosters superior communication and creates new possibilities. Manhattan Associates is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a veteran. *LI- SP Company Profile: Manhattan Associates Manhattan Associates Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details