TITLE: Customer Service Manager

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have a very good job opportunity with a Leading Bank. Designation: - Customer Service Manager for Branch Banking. (80% Sales and 20% Service and operation) Location: - Bangalore I'm looking for aggressive and smart candidate with Excellent Communication, who has Minimum 1 year experience in Sales of financial or banking product and some experience in operations or service in branch banking. Responsibility:- (80% Sales and 20% Service and operation) - Deal with Branch Clients or Customers. - Cross Sales of all banking product. - Generate Leads to generate revenue. - Provide Service and Maintain relationship. - Handle walk-ins and welcome desk. - Achieve Sales Target and Generate Revenue. Interested Candidate, for more details Contact Aditi on 9004700492 Or Interested Candidate can share CV on aditi@radfordglobal.co.in Regards, Aditi Radford Global Ltd. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Customer Service Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Radford Global Limited Radford Global Limited (Formerly known as P S Global Ltd) &amp;ndash; Established 1994. We are BSE Listed company headquartered at Mumbai, India and complemented by teams working in branch offices at Ahmedabad, Pune and Bangalore, We are an existing profit making diversified Company engaged in the various business segments namely in HR Services, Real Estate and Textile.We specialize in Permanent Recruitment, Hire-Train-Deploy, Non IT and IT Staffing services, Payroll Solution and HR Outsourcing Services trusted by Fortune 500 and mid market enterprises. We have always been defined by our ability to craft customised staffing services and the reach of large enterprise with personal attention. Our multi layer quality check process ensures, we deliver best quality services as per SLA to our clients.As the demand for technical &amp;amp; professional employees continues to grow in numerous industries, Radford Global continues to provide the professional services offering across India and Middle East.Radford Global provides significant value in terms of the business mandates that clients deal with and offer &amp;ldquo;Just in time&amp;rdquo; qualified resources for your multiple projects. Having highly qualified and diversified resources in various technology segments, we not only source, screen, hire and engage highly skilled resources on a short- term / long term basis, but also build the platform for them to be associated with us on an ongoing basis. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details