TITLE: Cloud Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. Define specifications for significant new projects and specify, design and develop software according to those specifications. You will perform professional software development tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Provide leadership and expertise in the development of new products/ services/ processes, frequently operating at the leading edge of technology. Recommends and justifies major changes to existing products/ services/ processes. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 8 more years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Oracle Cloud for Industry (OCI) Cloud Architecture and Solutions Group creates and promotes standards for SaaS service definition, acceptance and delivery on behalf of OCI for the benefit of all Global Business Units (GBU) . OCI Cloud Architecture and Solutions Group enables the success of GBU Cloud Service Release (CSR) projects by keeping the process as user- friendly as possible while ensuring corporate and divisional Standards are met. The group partners with GBUs to provide focused expertise on definition and instantiation of SaaS offerings. The OCI Cloud Architecture and Solutions Group lends support to the GBUs and OCI during all phases of the SaaS product lifecycle from inception till Generally Availability (GA) of the SAAS offering, operating across both business and technical disciplines. Our goal is to help bridge the gap between traditional software product management and the SaaS deployment model for the GBUs. OCI Cloud Architecture and Solutions Group promotes standards- based delivery by OCI for all facets of SaaS including infrastructure, operating systems, databases, and application management to simplify the SaaS on- ramp for the GBUS. The Cloud Architect provides deep technical expertise during the CSR process, working hand in hand with GBU Architects, OCI Program Managers, and OCI Delivery to facilitate the smooth rollout of a SAAS offering. The successful candidate will have a strong background in technical software implementation at an architectural level, with the ability to dive deep to diagnose and solve problems in a hands- on capacity. Required Skills: Core Red Stack component implementation, including Oracle Database, Weblogic, and the Oracle Identity Management framework Software architecture design and deployment in Linux environments Solid understanding of networking principles such as IP/ VLAN/ port, http/ SSL, DNS, firewall/ ACLs Enterprise deployment architectures Cloud deployment security best practices High availability/ clustering in both application stack and using load balancers Backup/ Restore/ Recovery Disaster Recovery planning, implementing, and testing Experience in deploying environments using best practice principles and defining reference architectures Demonstrated leadership and mentoring capability Ability to interoperate with OCI and corporate approval authorities to gain acceptance for internal standards and solution- specific approval requirements Experience coordinating, communicating, and collaborating directly with a distributed team from around the globe Experience reviewing and learning new software and technologies solely from product documentation, knowledgebase information, or other sources that are freely available within the company or on internet. The candidate should have a 4 year degree in Computer Science or equivalent and 10 years of relevant experience. Desired skills: Regulatory compliance (HIPAA, PCI) Security monitoring (IDS, DLP, syslog) Industry certifications around security, Oracle products, or comparable Virtualization technologies (OVM, Docker, LXC) Storage protocols (NFS, ZFS, iSCSI) Oracle Engineered Systems like Exadata, Exalogic, ZFS Storage Appliance, etc. A Cloud Service Release involves taking a proposed SaaS offering through internal processes for approval as a GA'd service, which involves multiple deployments and security reviews. As a Cloud Architect, you will be responsible for the following: Architecture design / review Review of collateral provided by GBUs architects/ DevOps. Support for the Corporate Security Solutions Assurance Process (CSSAP) Review of reference environments prior to CSSAP reviews Building and promoting technical standards and guidelines Improving the deployment efficiencies by developing reusable deployment standards Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details