TITLE: Principal Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An experienced consulting professional who has an understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designs within a product/ technology family. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertise to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. May act as the team lead on projects. Effectively consults with management of customer organizations. Participates in business development activities. Develops and configures detailed solutions for moderately complex projects. 5- 7 years of experience relevant to this position including 2 years consulting experience preferred. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle SSI is a premier offshore consulting division of Oracle Corporation. We are a team of 1200 consultants focusing on delivering services on Oracle Applications & Technology. Our Team of bright consultants have traveled around the globe and executed more than 1500 engagements across 40 countries & 15 industry domains. We work with Oracles local service organization to deliver services & solutions to Oracle customers across the EMEA, APAC & US (limited coverage) regions. Spanning across Bangalore, Hyderabad, Noida Locations, our team delivers Functional as well as Technical services both onsite at customer locations as well as offshore from the Oracle SSI office locations. Oracle SSI offers a wide range of services covering Oracle Technology and Applications including most of Oracle's acquired products including Oracle E- Business Suite, Siebel, Oracle Retail, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, OTM, Demantra & Agile. Our Technology Services cover integration and SOA, security services, J2EE, rapid applications development, content and collaboration, business intelligence, data warehousing, architecture, upgrades and migrations.Our top priority is helping customers to achieve success. We help our customers achieve return on their investments in Oracles industry leading solutions within Portal Technology (WebCenter Suite, WebLogic Portal, WebCenter Interaction) and Content Management solutions. At SSI, we focus on holistic development of our consultants. The SSI Academy helps consultants to undergo the certification program covering Product, Methodology & Consulting skill trainings & assessment. We are looking for candidates with overall work experience of 6 years in J2EE tech stack. Working experience in Oracle WebCenter & ADF 4 years of J2EE development using JSP, JSF (ICE Faces, MyFaces, RichFaces etc) , Struts, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, AOP 3 years Work Experience in EJB, JPA, Hibernate Experience in developing SOAP/ Restful Web services, Implementing Web services Security (like OPSS) & JMS Experience in Implementing various J2EE Design Patterns in projects Good Knowledge in XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH Good Knowledge in SQL, PL/ SQL Experience in deployment/ basic administration of Application Servers like JBoss, Websphere, Weblogic Experience in migrating J2EE application from 1 application server to another application server (like JBoss to Weblogic or Websphere to Weblogic) is an added advantage Other Skills - JQuery, Ajax, Javascript, HTML5 Experience in UML Modelling Excellent Interpersonal skills, presentation skills Ability to work independently and customer facing. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details