TITLE: Senior Interaction Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for creating, evaluating and modifying prototypes to support evolving hardware and software application development. As a member of the User Experience team, you will develop and apply software design/ usability processes in the investigation of technical problems. May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective analyses. Provide product usability, evaluation and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of applications/ systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and conversational user interaction. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal structures for product in development. Duties and tasks are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically four years of software engineering or related experience needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Title SeniorInteraction Designer About OracleApplications User Experience TheApplications User Experience group at Oracle is a centralized team thatprovides comprehensive interaction design, usability engineering, visual designand HCI research for Oracles enterprise applications. Team members haveexperience in a wide variety of disciplines, including cognitive psychology, graphic design, interaction design, usability engineering, Human ComputerInteraction (HCI) . The group is spread across US, UK, India and Mexico. We follow a user- centereddesign methodology that includes activities such as user research, heuristicevaluations, design iterations, prototyping and usability testing. We workprimarily on enterprise applications including next generation of applicationsfor tablets and mobile devices. Visit http: / / usableapps.oracle.com to know more about the global OracleApplications User Experience Group. JobDescription As a member ofthe user experience team, you are responsible for planning and executing designand usability engineering activities throughout the UCD process. You producestoryboards, scenarios, wireframes, prototypes, and UI specifications and workclosely with the larger UX team to define front- end research and contributetowards design patterns and guidelines. You take a leadership role and collaboratewith other Interaction Designers, Usability Engineers, ProductStrategists/ Managers, and Developers to continuously improve the user experienceof Oracle's enterprise products. JobResponsibilities Collaboratewith product teams to produce scenarios, task flows, storyboards, wireframes, and interactive prototypes Workindependently with members of product management, strategy and development onthe design of products Participatein design reviews of products for compliance with corporate UI standards andprovide feedback and recommendations Contributeto design patterns and guidelines, white papers, and product UI specifications Collaboratewith usability engineers to conduct user research and support usability effortsthroughout the development cycle Participate inuser research activities (contextual inquiry, surveys, focus groups) Educateindividual developers, product managers and strategists about UCD process anddeliverables Eligibility Master'sdegree in Interaction design, Industrial Design, Visual Design, Human- ComputerInteraction, or related discipline 4 to 7 yearsof industry experience designing and prototyping UIs for products Strongconceptual and analytical skills and demonstrated ability to prototype anddesign elegant UI solutions to user problems Must haveknowledge of UI design principles across platforms (Web, Mobile, Tablets) Proven trackrecord in applying user- centered design processes and methods to productdevelopment Goodcommunication and people skills in working in a multi- disciplinary, collaborative environment Should haveknowledge of HTML, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Visio, and other prototyping tools Must haveportfolio available for review Experience in theinteraction design of enterprise business applications preferred Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details