TITLE: Software Engineer - FPCMS Production Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Unit Overview The FPCMS (Fidelity Pricing and Cash Management Services) Technology Group is responsible for delivering top quality scalable systems solutions for the Asset Management business functions within Fidelity Investments. The FPCMS Technology Platform consists of mainframe and distributed architecture including multiple interfaces both internal and external to the FPCMS Organization. The systems employed include the source fund accounting, pricing, tax and data exchange platforms. The data is sourced from multiple accounting, trading and reference data systems within Fidelity, stored in central database and shared with internal or external customer groups through system- to- system interfaces to support fund setup, reporting, analytic and oversight functions. Working closely with technology support functions, the role of this team is to ensure the data and functionality is complete, accurate and available to users in a timely manner. Role Description The FPCMS Technology Team requires a Software Engineer at TB1 Operations Support in FPCMS Production Support team. The role involves guiding teams, ensuring daily critical SLAs are met, following Fidelity best practices / methodologies, thorough understanding of the technology roadmap and providing on- call production support on rotation basis. Roles & Responsibilities Ensure all L2 Batch Cycle SLAs and Application Support deliveries are met. Play an active role, when major issues encountered.Communicate and handle end to end issue. Collaborate with other teams upstream, downstream, development/ product team and business as required to handle issues, situations. Provide strategic direction and lead support specific projects, such as Incident Reduction, Batch Cycle Optimization, Disaster Recovery Planning & Execution and Holiday Processing etc. Report on daily issues and SLA breaches to management. Plan, engineer and implement robust and cost- effective computing environments, exploiting emerging technologies to provide compelling client solutions to our business users Advise, collaborate, and tech lead FPCMS support teams. Guide, mentor L2 team members when working on issues and day to day activities. Innovate and encourage other team members to innovate and see new ways of handling things better. Define, follow and encourage L2 process is followed by self and team members Candidate Description Strong Production Support skills Knowledge on Unix Environment and scripting. SQL and PL/ SQL Behavioural attributes Strong communication and inter- personal skills Demonstrated leadership in developing and propagating best practices for management of enterprise systems through the full lifecycle from planning to retirement Demonstrated ability to manage and direct senior professionals, and to provide coaching and mentoring to help them realize their potential and to maximize their value to the organization Clear and innovative thinker, with excellent collaboration and communications skills Interacts effectively with peers to resolve issues Effectively deals with ambiguity Self- motivated with a high degree of intellectual curiosity Prepares for and adjusts to changes in operating environment Promotes positive and professional work environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Computer Science or related subject. 3 years of experience in information technology. 2 years of financial services experience, preferably in Fund Accounting, Custody, Pricing or Trade processing areas Experience with any of trading systems, security reference data systems and pricing systems is preferred Company Profile: Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details