TITLE: Assistant IT Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Do you see yourself as an IT Manager What's your passion Whether you're into sports, gardening, shopping or karaoke, at IHG we're interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. This position is responsible for all aspects of the Information Technology function. You will manage the day to day activities of the Information Technology function, plan and organize work and the configuration reports, job control languages, program files and data files on the computer system (s) to ensure maximum operating efficiency. This role will m onitor the performance of the software and maintain a log book of performance report. Install and test corporate approved program changes to the hotel computer system (s) . You will u nderstand all standard and customized features and functions of the hotel front office systems, point of sale systems, and other systems, including but not limited to system security, system reports, manager functions, system utilities, and user functions. Control the key/ lock for computer room and ensure that the computer room fire protection, temperature control, and power requirements meet the company security specification as described in the company security system and control all user ID's, passwords, and security parameters. You will e stablish documents, test, and communicate appropriate emergency procedures to follow when the hotel computer system (s) are inoperable. You will perform other duties as assigned. You may serve "manager on duty" as required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements include a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration or relevant field of expertise, and 2 years of systems experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. You should have a working knowledge of local area networks and Microsoft Windows. You may be required to work nights, weekends, and/ or holidays. In return we'll give you a competitive financial and benefits package which may include healthcare support, dental, vision, disability and life insurance support, and a matching 401k plan. Hotel discounts worldwide are available as well as access to a wide variety of discount programs and the chance to work with a great team of people. Most importantly, we'll give you the room to be yourself. So what's your passion Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG. IHG is an equal opportunity employer M/ F/ D/ V Company Profile: InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details