TITLE: Sr. Java Developer_Perm_Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develops, codes, tests and debugs new moderately complex software solutions or enhancements to existing software in a maintenance capacity. Has good understanding of business application. Works with technical staff to understand problems with software and resolve them. Resolves customer complaints with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements. May assist in development of software technical documentation. Designs and codes moderately complex applications using routine and/ or advanced technology. May create optimization programs to resolve problems. May design and build prototype applications. EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree or equivalent EXPERIENCE: 5+ years experience REQUIRED SKILLS: Must be fully proficient with Java programming language and various Java EE technologies. Thorough knowledge and hands on experience with Spring, Hibernate and web services is a must. Demonstrated knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design Experience in XML/ Web Services technologies Understanding of relational databases (Oracle, SQL) Demonstrated knowledge of Linux operating systems Strong communication skills Experience with build tools Ant/ Maven/ Gradle Experience with Apache Camel and/ or ServiceMix Experience in JMS/ MOM, JBoss, JMX, Drools a plus PREFERRED SKILLS: Agile experience is a plus Understanding of TDD practices and experience with JUnit/ Unit Testing IMMEDIATE JOINNER Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Develops, codes, tests and debugs new moderately complex software solutions or enhancements to existing software in a maintenance capacity. Has good understanding of business application. Works with technical staff to understand problems with software and resolve them. Resolves customer complaints with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements. May assist in development of software technical documentation. Designs and codes moderately complex applications using routine and/ or advanced technology. May create optimization programs to resolve problems. May design and build prototype applications. EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree or equivalent EXPERIENCE: 5+ years experience REQUIRED SKILLS: Must be fully proficient with Java programming language and various Java EE technologies. Thorough knowledge and hands on experience with Spring, Hibernate and web services is a must. Demonstrated knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design Experience in XML/ Web Services technologies Understanding of relational databases (Oracle, SQL) Demonstrated knowledge of Linux operating systems Strong communication skills Experience with build tools Ant/ Maven/ Gradle Experience with Apache Camel and/ or ServiceMix Experience in JMS/ MOM, JBoss, JMX, Drools a plus PREFERRED SKILLS: Agile experience is a plus Understanding of TDD practices and experience with JUnit/ Unit Testing IMMEDIATE JOINNER Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details