TITLE: Principal Product Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work as part of a team that acts as the central resource and driving force for the design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing of product (s) as they move from conception to distribution. Organize interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/ product on schedule and within budget. As a member of the product development division, you will define product specifications and or strategy. Gather and analyze information to define product specifications and review design specifications. Communicate product strategy and functionality. Initiate and foster relationships with other groups. Review product documentation and collateral. Ensure successful product releases based on corporate priorities. Duties and tasks are varied and complex, needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required We are seeking a passionate and highly motivated individual to join Oracle Sales Cloud Product Management team. As a Principal Product Manager, you will be a leader in driving the success of the Oracle Sales Cloud product. Your responsibilities include product requirement gathering, prioritization and design, leading junior product owners in scrum team implementations, working with outbound product management for go- to- market documentation, training and demo, and working with sales and support to ensure customer success. The ideal candidate will be: 1. Result- oriented individual contributor. Ability to gather requirements, write functional designs, create UI mockups and prototypes, and clearly communicate with engineering and other cross functional teams. 2. Ability to understand customer needs and a track record of building products with exceptional user experience. 3. Work independently and cohesively as a member of a small, strategic team. 4. Strong analytical and decision making skills. 5. Excellent oral, written and presentation skills. 6. 10 years of agile software development and product management experience. 7. Experience in CRM domain in one or more of the following industries a plus: high tech, manufacturing, automotive, financial services, communications, consumer goods, life sciences. 8. Experience with Cloud applications, Mobile and BI a plus. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details