TITLE: GTI - GSO Oracle DBA (Bangalore or Hyderabad)

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GTI GSO- Oracle DBA J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. Further information about J.P. Morgan is available at http: / / www.jpmorgan.com/ . Description Global Services Operations (GSO) - is responsible for service support and delivery for JPMorgan Chase's Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) . Through its Global Service Desk and Infrastructure Operations Centers, GSO provides global, coordinated diagnostic and support services, while Production Assurance and Support functions leverage and execute industry- leading infrastructure management and support processes that are designed to minimize customer outages and impacts. Oracle Database administrator required to work in a global support team supporting CIB servers. This is a permanent staff position. The successful candidate will be cross trained to manage Sybase first line support in addition to their core skill set and as such has an opportunity to expand his knowledge and experience. As a Database Administrator, you will administer, maintain and utilize policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the databases. Implement data models and database designs, data access and table maintenance codes; resolve database performance issues, database capacity issues, replication, and other distributed data issues. Support production DBA in daily or emergency procedures to resolve issues. You will work with the Information Architect and Database Designer to help implement the physical data model. Help develop and validate the database implementation plan. Create database objects and maintain their physical organization/ relationships. Support the data loads into the databases. Ensure that the application, and any enhancements, interact efficiently with the database. Develop and implement database performance monitoring process and analyze monitoring data for performance optimization opportunities. Create/ Implement database maintenance plan to ensure data integrity. Manage the on- site backup and recovery process and/ or support the off- site backup and recovery teams Plan for and execute any required database upgrades and migration (patches etc.) Working Hours Staff will be required to work 5 days a week (Friday to Tuesday) for 9 hour a day. Staff will be required to work either of ASIA or EMEA shifts including public holidays which will be compensated with days in lieu and weekend support on rotational basis. Scope Responsible for Architecture, Design, Configuration and Maintenance of large/ complex Oracle 11g RAC databases. Provide application and database performance tuning at the DB and SQL levels. Work with Dev, Perf, QA and Production support teams on projects and production support related issues. Ensure proper monitoring, capacity planning for the databases. Perform database backups/ refreshes in non- prod environments. Ensure database has security standards implemented and complies with Risk and Audit requirements. Troubleshoot and resolve database/ schema issues in a timely manner. The role needs excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Needs effective communication skills to interact with different teams and management. Mandatory Technical Skills Minimum 6 years experience as a Oracle database Administrator Strong experience working with Oracle versions 10g, 11gR1/ 2 in a UNIX environment Strong performance tuning/ troubleshooting skills with Oracle 11g & 11g R2 RAC environments Experience in setting up and supporting HADR - Active and Physical Dataguard. Proficiency in setting up backup and recovery strategies using RMAN and Netbackup Strong programming experience in PL/ SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting and/ or Perl (preferably) for leading automation efforts. Ability to proactively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live database systems issues using tools like OEM. Ability to manage all database maintenance plan activities including backups, indexing, integrity and consistency checks, etc. Experience running and supporting large databases under high transaction rates. Thorough knowledge of Oracle OEM, ASM, Datapump, Partitioning, Materialized views. Experience with Oracle Streams and Golden Gate Clear understanding of Database Architecture, Operating Systems, Client/ Server Architecture, Middleware and Hardware (Servers, SAN, Network) . Needs thorough knowledge of development cycle of a rapidly paced dev env. Should be able to work in a complex global environment and interact with various teams from Business Development, Infrastructure and software vendor support teams Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Optional to have experience with database software i.e. MS SQL, Sybase and with experience of other relational databases a plus Experience Required Excellent technical knowledge gained from hands on role within a global organization Qualifications/ Education Preferred Oracle certifications Minimum of degree level education ITIL Knowledge Personal Self- starter with ability to acquire new skills autonomously Demonstrate good written and verbal communication skills in English language Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required GTI GSO- Oracle DBA J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. Further information about J.P. Morgan is available at http: / / www.jpmorgan.com/ . Description Global Services Operations (GSO) - is responsible for service support and delivery for JPMorgan Chase's Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) . Through its Global Service Desk and Infrastructure Operations Centers, GSO provides global, coordinated diagnostic and support services, while Production Assurance and Support functions leverage and execute industry- leading infrastructure management and support processes that are designed to minimize customer outages and impacts. Oracle Database administrator required to work in a global support team supporting CIB servers. This is a permanent staff position. The successful candidate will be cross trained to manage Sybase first line support in addition to their core skill set and as such has an opportunity to expand his knowledge and experience. As a Database Administrator, you will administer, maintain and utilize policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the databases. Implement data models and database designs, data access and table maintenance codes; resolve database performance issues, database capacity issues, replication, and other distributed data issues. Support production DBA in daily or emergency procedures to resolve issues. You will work with the Information Architect and Database Designer to help implement the physical data model. Help develop and validate the database implementation plan. Create database objects and maintain their physical organization/ relationships. Support the data loads into the databases. Ensure that the application, and any enhancements, interact efficiently with the database. Develop and implement database performance monitoring process and analyze monitoring data for performance optimization opportunities. Create/ Implement database maintenance plan to ensure data integrity. Manage the on- site backup and recovery process and/ or support the off- site backup and recovery teams Plan for and execute any required database upgrades and migration (patches etc.) Working Hours Staff will be required to work 5 days a week (Friday to Tuesday) for 9 hour a day. Staff will be required to work either of ASIA or EMEA shifts including public holidays which will be compensated with days in lieu and weekend support on rotational basis. Scope Responsible for Architecture, Design, Configuration and Maintenance of large/ complex Oracle 11g RAC databases. Provide application and database performance tuning at the DB and SQL levels. Work with Dev, Perf, QA and Production support teams on projects and production support related issues. Ensure proper monitoring, capacity planning for the databases. Perform database backups/ refreshes in non- prod environments. Ensure database has security standards implemented and complies with Risk and Audit requirements. Troubleshoot and resolve database/ schema issues in a timely manner. The role needs excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Needs effective communication skills to interact with different teams and management. Mandatory Technical Skills Minimum 6 years experience as a Oracle database Administrator Strong experience working with Oracle versions 10g, 11gR1/ 2 in a UNIX environment Strong performance tuning/ troubleshooting skills with Oracle 11g & 11g R2 RAC environments Experience in setting up and supporting HADR - Active and Physical Dataguard. Proficiency in setting up backup and recovery strategies using RMAN and Netbackup Strong programming experience in PL/ SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting and/ or Perl (preferably) for leading automation efforts. Ability to proactively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live database systems issues using tools like OEM. Ability to manage all database maintenance plan activities including backups, indexing, integrity and consistency checks, etc. Experience running and supporting large databases under high transaction rates. Thorough knowledge of Oracle OEM, ASM, Datapump, Partitioning, Materialized views. Experience with Oracle Streams and Golden Gate Clear understanding of Database Architecture, Operating Systems, Client/ Server Architecture, Middleware and Hardware (Servers, SAN, Network) . Needs thorough knowledge of development cycle of a rapidly paced dev env. Should be able to work in a complex global environment and interact with various teams from Business Development, Infrastructure and software vendor support teams Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Optional to have experience with database software i.e. MS SQL, Sybase and with experience of other relational databases a plus Experience Required Excellent technical knowledge gained from hands on role within a global organization Qualifications/ Education Preferred Oracle certifications Minimum of degree level education ITIL Knowledge Personal Self- starter with ability to acquire new skills autonomously Demonstrate good written and verbal communication skills in English language Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details