TITLE: Sr Application Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description This engineers primary role will be to work in a team oriented environment to create, customize and maintain Process Design Kits (PDKS) for Cadence technology. He/ she will interact and work with other engineers on the worldwide PDK delivery team. Responsibilities will include: - Understanding and interpreting integrated circuit process technologies in order to implement specifications for Cadence optimized Process Design Kits (PDKs) . - Development and maintenance of PDKs includes creation of techfiles, symbols, PCells, Call Backs, CDFs, netlisting and the creation of Qualification data. - Proficient with the use of PDK automation tools is a plus. The engineer must have a solid background in circuits, electronics and physics and should either have or be capable of learning new technical and consulting skills. The candidate should possess the necessary engineering and/ or consultancy skills, i. e. that he/ she is technically excellent with mature communication skills to be able to consult effectively with clients, e. g. to communicate with Customers. Contribute to training activities Position Requirements This engineers primary role will be to work in a team oriented environment to create, customize and maintain Process Design Kits (PDKS) for Cadence technology. He/ she will interact and work with other engineers on the worldwide PDK delivery team. Responsibilities will include: - Understanding and interpreting integrated circuit process technologies in order to implement specifications for Cadence optimized Process Design Kits (PDKs) . - Development and maintenance of PDKs includes creation of techfiles, symbols, PCells, Call Backs, CDFs, netlisting and the creation of Qualification data. - Proficient with the use of PDK automation tools is a plus. The engineer must have a solid background in circuits, electronics and physics and should either have or be capable of learning new technical and consulting skills. The candidate should possess the necessary engineering and/ or consultancy skills, i. e. that he/ she is technically excellent with mature communication skills to be able to consult effectively with clients, e. g. to communicate with Customers. Contribute to training activities Company Information Cadence is the global leader in software, hardware, and services that is driving the transformation of the electronic design automation (EDA) industry. This application- driven approach for creating, integrating, and optimizing designs helps customers realize Analog & Digital ICs , System- On- Chip devices, IP and complete systems at lower costs and with higher quality. Cadence is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to hiring a diverse workforce Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required This engineers primary role will be to work in a team oriented environment to create, customize and maintain Process Design Kits (PDKS) for Cadence technology. He/ she will interact and work with other engineers on the worldwide PDK delivery team. Responsibilities will include: - Understanding and interpreting integrated circuit process technologies in order to implement specifications for Cadence optimized Process Design Kits (PDKs) . - Development and maintenance of PDKs includes creation of techfiles, symbols, PCells, Call Backs, CDFs, netlisting and the creation of Qualification data. - Proficient with the use of PDK automation tools is a plus. The engineer must have a solid background in circuits, electronics and physics and should either have or be capable of learning new technical and consulting skills. The candidate should possess the necessary engineering and/ or consultancy skills, i. e. that he/ she is technically excellent with mature communication skills to be able to consult effectively with clients, e. g. to communicate with Customers. Contribute to training activitie Company Profile: Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details