TITLE: Manager SW Engineer Firmware - Network Platform Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for top candidates for first level management position for network solution team responsible for FC/FCoE functionality in an embedded Ethernet switch. Responsibilities: Provides direct and ongoing leadership for a team of individual contributors designing and developing new products, enhancements and updates and coordinating projects for networking firmware. Own the team responsible for Designs enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of firmware, specifically for FC/FCoE functionality in an embedded Linux environment. Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members. Manages headcount, deliverables, schedules, and costs for multiple ongoing projects, ensuring that resources are appropriately allocated and that goals, objectives, timelines, and budgets are met in accordance with program and organizational roadmaps. Communicates project status and escalates issues to direct managers, program managers, and internal and external development partners. Manages relationships with outsourced partners and suppliers, including setting expectations regarding deliverables, product quality, schedules, and costs; ensures that team members are effectively communicating and collaborating with outsourced resources. Proactively identifies opportunities for process improvement and cost reductions opportunities. Provides people-care management for assigned team members, including hiring, setting and monitoring of annual performance plans, coaching, and career development; ensures that proper knowledge and career development tools are in place to support ongoing team member and process development. Qualifications:Education and Experience First level university degree or equivalent experience required. May have advanced university degree. Minimum 5 or more years of related work experience as a project manager for the embedded features with relevant people management experience. Knowledge and Skills Understanding of networking technologies especially at platform layer (L2 Switching, FCoE/FC knowledge, Networking protocols etc) Strong leadership skills, including coaching, team-building, and conflict resolution. Advanced project management skills including time and risk management, resource prioritization, and project structuring. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to manage human capital across geographies to drive workforce development and achieve desired results Strong verbal and written communication skills, including negotiation, presentation, and influence skills Advanced business acumen, technical knowledge, and extensive knowledge in applications and technologies Strong multi-tasking and prioritization skills Strong communication skills (e.g. written, verbal, presentation); mastery in English and local language Good understanding of the company's policies and processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. Volantis is an IT Services and Workforce Management Solutions company (ISO 9001:2008 certified) based out of Bangalore offering various services to PAN India customers in multiple verticals of Industries. Volantis is a part of a Group Company with diverse business verticals into IT Services, Consulting, Real Estate and Property Development. For more details, please login to www.volantis.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details