TITLE: Machine Learning & NLP Expert -candidates From Premier Institutes Only

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview: As we continue to expand our artificial intelligence platform, Amelia, we are looking for NLP experts to join our development team. We need great scientists who also are great coders. Our scientists tackle the big challenges in deep language understanding and are passionate about writing sustainable code to implement advanced ideas. Whether from published research or their own approaches, our scientists identify and integrate the best science available all to create the best new NLP capability possible. We are looking for a hands-on scientist and developer ready to tackle the big challenges in deep language understanding. With an extensive existing customer base and a market-leading position in help desk automation, your work will go into production as soon as it shows measurable improvement over current methods. We think long term, while putting our research into practice on a rational schedule. Responsibilities: The ideal candidate will have both a research and development background. Having a history of peer-reviewed scientific publications in NLP is a plus. We have interest in candidates with a machine learning background and approach to NLP. We are also interested in candidates with a rule-based NLP background and knowledge of linguistic semantics. We have interest in candidates with experience in many portions of the NLP pipeline, including parsing, word sense disambiguation, knowledge extraction, question answering and language generation. Open source development experience is a plus. Ability to code in Java is required. You will lead an area of development of the pipeline, guiding and mentoring junior developers, working with the leads of the other areas of the pipeline and the lead scientist to create and deploy new capabilities in language understanding. You should be passionate about writing good and sustainable code to implement your advanced ideas. You will be expected to identify and integrate the best science available, whether from published research or your own approach. You will work with test and analysis engineers to prove your ideas against objective and measurable tests of capability. Each day you will be expected to move as needed between designing scientific approaches and architecture, writing or contributing to scientific publications, mentoring, and development in Java, all in the service of creating the best new NLP capability possible. Good scientists must also be good communicators, able to explain and justify complex ideas to junior developers and senior management, both verbally and in writing. You should be comfortable defining delivery schedules and metrics for performance assessment and meeting your targets. First and foremost we need great scientists who also are great coders. A mature coder should be able to learn a new framework quickly, so experience with each of the items below just helps us understand your implementation experience, but each is desirable. o -Development tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Ant, Eclipse o -Comfortable on Apple or Linux OSes o -Java Spring, Guava, JDBC, Tomcat, JUnit Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Computer Science from IIT/ IISc/ NITs/ Bits/ DCE/ ITBHU/ Guindy / Top US universities 1-3 Years Experience in Machine Learning and NLP Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 22,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Machine Learning nlp natural language processing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required, M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: IPsoft Global Services Private Limited About Company ABOUT IPSOFT IPsoft is a global, industry-leading managed services company offering a complete solution to enterprise customers for outsourcing global IT operations. We offer a full range of managed services to our clients, from management at the individual component, device and network level to the analysis, design and management of complex business processes. IPsoft's unique (and proprietary) automation technology remediates more than half of the detected exceptions in our managed client environments. We manage our customers' systems through our worldwide Network Operations Centers located in New York City (HQ), London, Amsterdam and Bangalore. IPsoft has been solidly profitable since its inception as a company in 1998, and has roughly doubled its gross revenues for four straight years; we are on a trajectory to continue this rapid growth pace, meaning that you will have an opportunity to grow with the company. CULTURE IPsoft is committed to helping our employees develop their full potential in both business and technical spheres, and it is our policy to recognize excellent performance by promoting from within. IPsoft is a fast-paced, energetic and fun place to work. We're changing the way managed services are delivered to customers, and we're looking for people who want to make a difference. The best evidence that IPsoft is a good place to work? People come to work here and stay. If you come to work at IPsoft, you'll be working with cutting-edge technologies and the bright, driven people who develop them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details