TITLE: Sales Ops Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Want to work in one of the fastest growing and most innovative businesses at Amazon Interested in working in a high impact role Come and join our team and be involved in growing an exciting new business in India. Amazons Kindle devices are revolutionary and one of the most innovative and fastest growing businesses at Amazon. The Kindle Offline Retail team is building processes and capabilities that further Amazons partnership with offline retailers that offer Kindle to their end customers. A successful candidate will be expected to think and act both strategically and tactically. He or she will be analytical, customer centric, resourceful, team oriented, and an effective communicator. This individual will be data driven, detail- oriented, extremely organized and professional, capable of handling multiple projects at once, able to take direction, capable of dealing with ambiguity and rapidly- changing priorities, and comfortable working with cross functional teams. Key Responsibilities: Lead programs for process management and automation of services such as incentives, promotions, training etc. for retailers, in- store promoters and field sales team. Partner with sales, account management, channel marketing to drive adoption of these programs, processes and tools Lead account management for select accounts. Sponsor internal and external business reviews covering operational performance processes and programs Propose strategic initiatives to improve channel and account performance Collaborate with product management, sales, marketing and operations team for new category and product launches. Managing in store product transitions for select accounts. Collecting business and market intelligence Managing and coaching sales admin staff Be comfortable in getting hands dirty in day- to- day tasks to get things done. Have the obsession to drive a better customer experience through everything that we do here at Amazon High technology orientation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications