TITLE: Principal Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An experienced consulting professional who has an understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designs within a product/ technology family. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertise to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. May act as the team lead on projects. Effectively consults with management of customer organizations. Participates in business development activities. Develops and configures detailed solutions for moderately complex projects. 5- 7 years of experience relevant to this position including 2 years consulting experience preferred. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details