TITLE: Accounting Support A2- Fin

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides administrative support for the accounting function including the areas of general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, fixed assets, and inter- company transactions. Job duties may include: typing, filing, verifying records, data entry, generation invoices and purchase orders, opening mail, simple data entry, basic journal entries, balancing A/ R or A/ P records, process expense reports and other administrative tasks Researches and respond to internal or external inquiries; working closely with local subsidiaries finance staff. May audit expenses and payment requests against corporate policies. Assigned special projects as needed. Works on assignments that are semi- routine in nature where ability to recognize deviation from standard practice is needed. Normally receives detailed instructions for new assignments. Reading, writing and arithmetic skills needed. Familiarity with spreadsheet applications. 1 - 2 years of related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required GQ2OO analyst is responsible for successful closure of day to day transactions received by the team. The job involves receiving, reviewing & working on requests / order documents / contracts / installed licenses against key control points and ensuring adherence to Oracle internal financial policies. It requires the person to interact with various related processes like customer data & installed base teams, order to cash teams, Infoprice, product release groups, sales & deal management in closure of complex & non- standard transaction where necessary. Responsibility Verifies key aspects of input for a request; reviews and updates into the system e.g. customer, payment, product details etc. Ensures timely and accurate transaction processing. Adheres to all compliance guidelines laid down as per standard procedures Handles and closes escalations on process related issues Effectively communicates with Global request submitter to resolve issues pertaining to the request submitted. Is able to generate reports from the application/ manual trackers and consolidate the same Analyzes errors and is able to come up with improvement suggestions Mandatory/ Essential Skills Good communication and comprehension skills. Should be well versed with Computer Usage and MS Office Applications like Excel, Word and Power Point etc. Good quantitative and analytical skills Should be focused and have an eye for detail. Should be a team player with good interpersonal skills Should be able to multi task Adaptable to change. Flexibility to work in any shift to meet global business requirements. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details