TITLE: Accountant 2- Fin

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Maintain general accounting systems, policies, and procedures to ensure that proper information is reported in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. As a member of the finance division, you will assist in accounting functions which may include general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, fixed assets, and inter- company transactions. Maintain the general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, analysis, reconciliation and reporting. Maintain and implement general accounting systems. Conduct account reconciliation periodically, ledger close activities, and provide accurate financial data to support management in decision making. Develop and prepare financial reports including profit and loss, income and balance sheet statements. Review and analyze inter- company transactions. Ensure all journal entries comply with internal and external audit specifications. Participate in the ongoing development and maintenance of internal procedures and processes. May participate in special projects. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Strong analytical, prioritization and communication skills in partnering with other internal groups and management. Familiarity with Excel spreadsheets is essential. Familiarity with Oracle Financials is essential. 2 years accounting experience and BA/ BS degree in Accounting or equivalent. Some positions need you to be bilingual in English and Spanish or Portuguese. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle Financing Division (OFD) Accountant (Accountant 2 Finance) : OFD Accountant works as a part of a team of two within the Global Controllers Office (GCO) that oversees the accounting process related to OFD transactions. The Accountant understands OFDs accounting process and focuses on optimization to ensure that proper information is reported timely and accurately in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The OFD Accountant will collaborate globally with various groups outside of GCO through multi layered infrastructure. Some of the activities will involve: Cash Applications ? Guide Collection/ Cash application teams and the necessary guidance on day- to- day application of cash. ? Review unpaid aged invoices, unapplied cash, and Prepayment account on day to day basis. ? Train AR, Collection & Cash Application on- going basis to reduce Aging and Misapplication of Cash. ? Resolve Open internal adjustments. Order Administration (OA) Booking ? Work closely with OA and AR on Order Booking on complicated OFD transactions. ? Closely monitor & assist OA & AR team for OFD questions/ Clarifications H/ W booking, Credit memo & Rebill process. Invoicing Work closely with Regional AR to ensure accurate and timely Oracle Invoicing associated with OFD. Advise correct VAT pass thru and Future Support amount. Assist AR team on OFD questions/ clarifications HW booking, Credit memo & Rebill process. Reconciliation of OFD Accounts Review G/ L reconciliation work related with OFD. Train and advice G/ L Reconciliation team for OFD account reconciliation as needed. Work on Ad- hoc projects/ reports as required. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details