TITLE: HR Coordinator - Bangalore

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location (s) : Bangalore. What is the Company like Directi is a group of businesses founded by Bhavin Turakhia which includes Radix , Ringo , Flock , Media.net and Zeta . These businesses comprise 1500 people across 8 offices, with over 9 million customers, revenues over $250 million, a net worth of over $500 million and multiple category leading global brands across business areas as diverse as web presence (domains, hosting, cloud- infrastructure) , online advertising (contextual advertising/ ad networks) , communication & collaboration (voice and messaging) and payments (benefits and compensation) . What is the Job like As an HR Coordinator, you will be the backbone of the Corporate HR team by managing day to day activities. The responsibilities will be as follows: Handling HR operations for our Bangalore office. Handling on boarding process to ensure the joining formalities are carried out smoothly Attendance tracking Employee letter preparation Make process recommendations to achieve operational excellence Operational management of the exit process- updating records, sending out mails for clearances, explaining the process, handing over letters. Who should apply for this post You have excellent verbal & written communication skills You have good Analytical Skills You understand Technology You should be good at multitasking You possess excellent inter personal & relationship building skills You pay attention to detail. You are comfortable with travelling Benefits & Perks Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee- shirts are a- ok!) . We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agencyWe are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting- edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip- flops to work) , then we want to get to know you Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details