TITLE: Voice & Non Voice BPO jobs in Bangalore Call HR Swetha - 9035980999

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this !!!!!!! Wilshrine Technologies !!!!!!!! Available Positions : * Customer Support ( Voice , Semi Voice ) * Technical Support ( Voice , Semi Voice ) * Salary 16 k - 30 k for freshers & experienced. * Two way cab facility * free Food coupons. * Night shift allowances * DAY / UK / AUS & Night shifts Eligibility : * Good Communication Skills * SSLC , Under graduate & Graduate. * B . E & B. techs also can apply with backlogs * Flexible to work in shifts Regards Sheela 9900175776 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Wilshrine Technologies Wilshrine is the leading information technology, providing high quality remote consulting services for enterprises worldwide in ERP. We commenced operations in 2003 with team size of 30 members at silicon city to lead the market with new technologies and focus to grow in IT industryWilshrine is committed to create a mutually rewarding ECO system of Knowledge Bridge that will facilitate technology, service and solutions provided across chasms of technology adoption and penetrate early and mainstream markets.Wilshrine an organization with diversified activities is a dream creation of people who are well qualified, dynamic, disciplined and well mannered having a unique work culture, promoted by established Business heads in the industryThe key to success in today's complex IT environment is the ability to manage projects efficiently and effectively. This takes strong skills and experience from people and teams that have succeeded in taking projects to completion regardless of the situation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details