TITLE: Senior Network Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Responsible for design, development and implementation of network services and technologies to meet our client and enterprise requirements. Primary objective is to identify optimal networking and communications solutions that deliver long term capabilities, capacity, reliability and resiliency for the enterprise and clients to successfully maintain and grow business and client operations. Duties and Responsibilities Senior level role that involves understanding client and enterprise technical requirements, and designing and deploying optimal networking and connectivity solutions that enable clients and the enterprise to achieve their operational and business goals. Required to prepare recommendations and supporting details for formal project proposals for network connectivity and configurations. Day- to- day interaction with telecom providers, equipment suppliers and 3rd party network vendors, to engage their technical resources to perform tasks. Role requires on- call support as well as scheduling and attendance for maintenance windows. Resource can expect to routinely be called upon to analyze and interpret traffic and utilization of services on network connections. Participation in disaster recovery exercises, pre- production certification testing and troubleshooting events is expected. Coordinate internal operations to meet and exceed data communications project expectations (including but not limited to engineering/ development, certifications testing, Network and IT Operations, capacity planning and production readiness. Accountable for resolving all project level, cross- functional, partnership issues and escalations. Manage client expectations for data communications connectivity and related services to Epsilon products and applications, throughout project (s) lifecycle. Client expectations include functionality, cost, delivery schedule, support readiness and relationships (usually working directly with senior level technical resources, project managers and business decision makers) . Qualifications Minimum qualifications Essential Position Functions: o High organizational skills o Ability to handle multi- tasks and meet deadlines o Ability to work efficiently and productively with minimal direction or guidance o Capable of exercising extreme discretion and independent judgment o Ability to handle extremely confidential information in a professional manner o Ability to communicate, both verbally and written, with a high level of confidence o Travel o MS Office skills with focus on Visio, Word and Excel Education and Experience o College degree or comparable certification in IT, telecommunications, computer science, or related field preferred. o Minimum five years of experience required in design, planning, coordination and implementation of technology projects. o Must be experienced in the troubleshooting of complex multi- vendor geographically separated networks. o Experience in administrating authentication controls (Radius, RSA/ SecureID and TACACS ) in the enterprise. o Experience with implementing and maintaining encryption techniques and standards (3DES, PKI, MD5, SSH, SSL) , in a client and site- to- site configuration. o Must have operational level knowledge and experience in the deployment and maintenance of service provider network routing architectures using protocols such as OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, and RIP. o Expert knowledge in implementing and supporting switched networks, including (VTP, STP, HSRP, trunking, VLANs, port security and monitoring) in a multi- vendor environment. o Understanding of logical network design including: DMZs, WANs, and client connectivity solutions. o Requires an in- depth knowledge of TCP/ IP and communication protocols in LAN / MAN / WAN environments. o Must be thoroughly proficient in the following protocols/ technologies: Route manipulation (Redistribution, Summarization, Route filtering and Policy Routing) , VPN (client and site- to- site) , Ethernet Switching: (CatOS, IOS, JunOS switch configurations, VLANs/ Trunking, Spanning Tree, HSRP/ VRRP) , IOS features: (PAT , NAT, SNMP, NetFlow, QoS) , Security server protocols (SCP, SFTP, HTTPS, etc.) , Traffic filtering, Access lists, Radius, Tacacs , IOS VPN, IPSec, Pix/ ASA firewalls, CheckPoint firewalls, IDS/ IPS, VPN Concentrators, Solarwinds Orion & NCM, Cisco Routers (ASR, 2900, 3900, ??) , Catalyst 6500, 4500, Nexus, and other model switches, Citrix NetScaler and F5 load balancers/ GTM, InfoBlox DNS, Juniper switches and routers. This role requires strong communication skills. This role requires strong project management skills. This role also requires operational processes and technical foundations. Preferred Qualifications The following certifications are a plus: CCNA, CCNP, CCIE, ITIL Service Management Typical Physical Demands: Requires sitting, standing, bending, stooping, and reaching. May require some heavy lifting (75 pounds maximum) and carrying of up to 50 pounds at times. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computer, printer, copier, telephone and other office equipment. Requires normal range of hearing and vision. Typical Mental Demands: Able to deal with stress associated with fast- paced work environment. Multiple priorities/ tasks. Make judgment decisions and adapt to changing work situations. Grasp and apply new ideas. Communicate with various personalities at all levels. Working Conditions: Works in a typical office setting but may be required to perform work in a data center. Occasionally called upon to work hours in excess of your normal daily schedule. Conclusion: This position description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the position and it is not intended to be an exhaustive list of skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with this position. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AllianceData AllianceData Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details