TITLE: Front End Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Responsibilities: Be engaged in a whole process of web based application development (Agile based) Understand business needs and user behavior, and required to propose system and UI/ UX improvement Always improve the code and system spontaneously by writing well designed, testable, efficient code Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review Will be part of offshore development team. Occasionally may need to be onsite or in remote teams in Singapore First level production support Required Qualifications: Minimum 3 years experience in Front- End Development and RESTful application development. Solid fundamental and understanding of JavaScript. (including Prototypes, Closure/ Callback, Promises, CORS.) Good sense of UI/ UX design and practices of JavaScript programming as well as browser compatibility. Well proficient with jQuery, Require.js along with other related tools and libs. Experience of authoring jQuery plugin is a plus. HTML5 we would expect you to create clean semantic markup, use tags efficiently and also some API. (Local storage, Data attributes, etc) CSS3 We are using CSS preprocessor (LESS) . Any experience in LESS/ SASS/ Stylus is a plus. Familiarity with source control system (SVN, Git, etc) Ability to effectively managing multiple tasks of varying complexities, meet timelines by self- managing tasks at hand. Must have business level English. Preferable Skills: Knowledge of new syntax and features in ES6/ ES2015. Transpiler tools: Babel, Traceur. Front- end automation: Grunt/ Gulp. Experience in Node.js is a plus. Experience in unit testing framework such as Jasmine, Mocha, etc Familiarity with JIRA or similar tools Experience working in Agile/ Scrum project team. Exposure to Ad/ Marketing solution platform is a plus. Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science or IT related field About PROLIMCorporation PROLIMis a leading provider of end- to- endIT , PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improvetheir profitability and efficiency by providing high- value technologyconsulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting offerings include; Advisory, PLM Software/ Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/ Staffing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/ Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/ CAM/ CAE, Process Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/ Validation within awide range of markets and industries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details