TITLE: Customer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Come, be a part of the online selling revolution JOB DESCRIPTION Customer Operational Need: Understands how key instock metrics integrate with broader business metrics to deliver optimal customer experience. Identifies cost reduction and waste removal opportunities and proposes specific solutions Strategic Planning: Translates the operational strategy into day- to- day decisions and opportunity identification. Works effectively with team members within the category and in external support functions to execute on strategic objectives Planning Business Analysis: Works closely with vendors and category managers to come with an in- stock plan for a particular category. Closely monitors the business metrics and alters the plan as required. Vendor Management: Acts as key point of contact between FC, supply chain, and vendors. Educates and integrates new vendors on operational requirements (e.g. PO Handling, Shipping) to reinforce highest standards. Influences vendor operational performance management and improvement (e.g., Fill Rates, Overages, Underages, Switcheroo) Business Operations: Drives in stock, inventory turns, and supply chain improvements for assigned business unit.Translates data analysis into decision recommendation. Understands academic concepts of supply chain optimization Automation System Enhancement: Provides scalable solutions for specific issues. Demonstrates a deep understanding of Cloudtail tools and is eager to work with the tech vendors to advocate tool enhancements. Team Development: Builds and maintains knowledge sharingprocesses so as to ensure cross category learnings and build capability within the team. Trains and mentors other vendor operations associates. Participate in interview process for new hires. People Management: Establishes network within organization; begins to build internal and external networks. Works closely across categories to drive improvements and efficiencies in the system. SKILLS REQUIRED Clearly demonstrated process- orientation and structured, organised thinking, excellent analytical ability MBA from a Tier- 1 business school 2+years work experience in any of the following industries/ fields Consulting, Supply Chain, Retail organisations, FMCG Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prione Business Services Private Limited Prione Business Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details