TITLE: Senior Principal Applications Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will specify, design and implement major changes to existing software architecture. Create new architecture for a moderate size product or a portion of a major product. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to ensure consistency, testability and portability across products in general. Provide leadership and expertise in the development of new products/ services/ processes, frequently operating at the leading edge of technology. Recommends and justifies major changes to existing products/ services/ processes. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 8 or more years of software engineering or related experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Oracle Health Sciences Applications suite leadsthe market for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device researchapplications in the rapidly expanding life sciences industry. These productsprovide integrated services to control and automate the drug and medical devicedevelopment process. They consistently improve data quality and cut months offthe clinical trials phase of research, benefiting thousands of lives bybringing better, safer drugs and medical devices to market sooner. Our team isa group of highly motivated and dedicated people from some of the bestuniversities and the clinical trials industry. We value intangibles likeinitiative, creativity and innovation. Developers work with cutting edgetechnologies and interact seamlessly with our central Oracle SOA SuiteEngineering and Performance Team industry- expert product management, qualityassurance, documentation, and customer support teams. To learn more about the Health Sciences productsuites, visit http: / / www.oracle.com/ us/ industries/ health- sciences/ overview/ index.html Oracle islooking for a Senior Principal Applications Engineer DB to be part of HealthSciences Group in Bangalore, who will provide technical leadership to a groupof highly competent technical engineers that drive the performance andscalability of all Oracle Health Sciences products. This is a senior technicalleadership hands- on technology role at Oracle with responsibilities rangingfrom a ssisting product development teams in the appropriate selectionand use of technical frameworks, platforms and design patterns, to venturing into unchartered areas of technologiesto solve complex performance related problems. Come join us to run the largestproduction genomics database systems in the world at the largest Pharmaceuticalcompanies in the world where massive scalability is required for 1000s ofconcurrent users and many terabytes of data. Help us to evolve these massivesystems to accommodate upcoming newer technologies like In Memory database, BigData etc.. Successfulcandidate will be a technology evangelist, customer oriented, results drivenand passionate about building great products and solutions used by bigpharmaceutical companies. He/ she should be experienced and hands- on, with theability to assess different enterprise systems and propose adequate andefficient solutions to prevailing problems so as to improvise/ improve them onnon- functional and architectural aspects. He/ she thrives in a fast- pacedenvironment and wants to be involved with real business problems. Responsibilities: Work withcross- functional team members from Architecture, Product Strategy &Development, QA, Sales & Services, and other Central teams to improveperformance and scalability of multiple products Authority in Technicaldesign, internally recognized as highly competent in technical areas, willreview and participate in product benchmarking and design reviews of multipleproducts Drivesignificant technology initiatives end to end and across multiple products andmultiple layers of architecture Will write and presentclear, concise performance benchmark plans, analysis, recommendations, andwhite papers. Passionatefor continuous learning, experimenting and applying cutting edge technology andsoftware paradigms Deeperunderstanding of architecture principles and methods, technology and standards, actively stay abreast of trends and standards, recommend best practices andshare learning Providetechnical leadership, be a role model to software engineers pursuing technicalcareer path in engineering, coach and mentor other engineers in processes andmethodologies Provide/ inspireinnovations that fuel the growth of Oracleas a whole Preferably 1- 2 yearsexperience with application development in Health Sciences or Banking domain At least 3 - 4 years ofexperience in modeling and developing the enterprise grade SaaS / Cloud basedproducts architecture Qualifications: BS/ MS inEngineering/ Computer Science or equivalent. 10 yearsof Oracle Administrator/ development experience on different platforms &web- based enterprise applications Experiencein Oracle Database Administration 12c / 11g / 10g (RAC/ Non RAC, Cluster) Experiencein Requirement Analysis, Design Database & Applications, Data Modeling, Dimension Modeling, Configured, Implemented and integrated applications Must haveexperience working with warehouse applications. Solidprogramming experience and very strong in programming disciplines. Passion forengineering and solving very complex engineering problems that delightscustomers Extensiveexperience in performance improvement related work with the ability toreview/ comment on a piece of code that may add overhead for responsetime/ execution time/ memory usage/ CPU usage with/ without actually profiling theapplication Understandingof Oracle Exadata database machine Experiencein creating SQL profiles; Understanding Explain plan, Trace files; Usingoptimizer hints, partitioning; Query tuning & Memory tuning; Estimating Redo log file sizing & checkpoint tuning; Oracle SQLDeveloper Experiencein the analysis on AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQLTRPT, AWRRPT, TKPROF reports; Experiencewith Shell Scripts (sh, csh, ksh, bash) and Sun Solaris 10/ 9/ 8/ 7/ 2.x OS Experienceintegrating with third party systems and engaging with partners/ vendors Strongverbal and written communication skills Ability todive in and learn complex systems Ability toadapt to a fast- paced, changing environment Ability toprovide technical leadership to the team Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details