TITLE: Business Analyst 2- Ops

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes. Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/ or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Attention to detail critical. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow- through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/ omissions corrected. Relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills to interact with management and possible clients desired. 2 plus years relevant work experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Provides programs to improve operational efficiency, consistency, and compliance in support of the organization*s financial and tactical business objectives. Provides business practices and processes. Develops, communicates, and trains the organization on business practices and processes. Serve as a liaison with other divisions such as Finance, Contracts, HR, Legal, Shared Services, Accounts Receivable, Purchasing, and Risk Management in an effort to ensure accurate and timely transaction processing. Collect, input, verify, correct, and analyze data to measure key performance indicator actual versus business objectives. Provide updates to management regarding budget to actual, informing them of deviations and opportunities. Provide management with economic impact and compliance issues surrounding key business decisions and/ or deals. Communicate Oracle Business Practices to the organization and monitor process and approvals for full compliance. Drive implementation of new processes and procedures. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Attention to detail critical. Ability to collect, organize, and display data in spreadsheet format. Follow- through skills necessary to get information from internal and third parties and have data errors/ omissions corrected. Relationship management skills strongly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills to interact with management and possible clients desired. 4 plus years relevant work experience. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details