TITLE: Technical Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Team Informatica has strategically located Global Customer Support Centers in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Our single mission is to provide customers with world class technical support to ensure successful implementation of their business solutions using Informatica's products. For the tenth consecutive year, Informatica has received top marks and ranked #1 in customer loyalty in the 2015 Data Integration Customer Satisfaction survey conducted by independent research firm TNS. Your Opportunity We are looking for a Technical Support Engineer with a proven record of accomplishment doing Technical support for Software products (Cloud or On- premise) to join our Global Customer Support team. In this role, you will use your analytical thinking and influencing skills for becoming a trusted adviser to our customers on technical issues through ongoing technical relationship guidance during the whole cycle of a technical issue from inception to closure. You would also get opportunities to work with other Principal Lead engineers to ensure operational efficiency. As an employee with Informatica's Global Customer support Team: - You will be part of a strong team of knowledgeable and committed technical specialists and connected onto the worldwide Informatica technical pool. - On the job training and on- going learning and development are a key part of why our professionals are widely respected and are treated as world number one in technical support arena. - Thriving in a fast- paced support environment, you'll work with our customers and solve their complex technical problems, related to Informatica's flagship products like Power Center, Data Quality, Data Services, Rev and Big Data and its peripheries like various databases along with different Operating Systems etc. You will report to the Senior Manager. Your job location will be Bangalore, India. Your work shift will be from 14: 00 to 23: 00 IST Our Ideal Candidate - Constructively work together as a team, sharing ideas. - A high degree of analytical and problem solving abilities. - A natural leader who strives for excellence and is known for his/ her prodigious technical ability. - Possess good communication and customer- relationship skills - responsiveness, sensitivity, diplomacy - Comfortable working both independently and collaboratively. - Advanced problem- solving skills and technical aptitudes that allow you to adapt to new circumstances and to learn quickly when facing new problems and challenges. - Apply your superior technical Skills to meet service request SLAs, meet and exceed customer expectations. Your Responsibilities: As an integral part of the Global Customer Support team, you will provide technical support for Informatica products. The Technical Support Engineer will be responsible for ensuring our customers' success and satisfaction with our products and contributing to their long- term loyalty. You will work closely with the rest of the Informatica support team, QA, Engineering, Solutions Delivery, Sales and Product Management to ensure that Informatica is delivering overall superior service and support to our customers. Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: - Manage customer support cases on a daily basis, including verifying cases, isolating and diagnosing the problem, and resolving the issue - Troubleshoot areas of poor performance and identify effective solutions to resolve issues both in the immediate future and for the longer term. - Analysis of exceptions and logs to isolate root cause and help in products usability and improve end- user experience - Ensure that knowledge management and data capture processes are adhered to and encourage and help convert technical solutions are converted to Knowledge base articles - Approaching complex technical issues with varying perceptions and making use of opportunities to create and implement productivity tools - Ensure all issues are resolved or escalated to the proper resources to resolve in a timely fashion. Additionally, this individual will manage communications to customers at all levels to maintain positive relationships - Understands impact of work on the feature/ product/ team - Continuously enhancing knowledge through trainings and e- learning courses - Helping customers succeed - Coordinate with Quality Assurance and Engineering teams to provide assistance in identifying, reporting and resolving product defects. - Provide regular reports for management that measure the effectiveness of the technical support functio Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelor\'s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related technical discipline * Experience either as a technical support engineer for enterprise application or as an implementation consultant, with experience in front- line contact with customers/ Clients via phone and e- mail. Experience in second and/ or third line support is an advantage. * 1 years of experience in database and operating systems like Linux * Excellent grasp of relational database management theory and practice. * Experience in various operating systems such as Windows, UNIX/ Linux? * Strong understanding of relational databases like Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL? * Excellent Analytical skills and strong attention to details. * Excellent Communication skills. * Must possess critical thinking, problem solving, and decision- making skills. * Excellent interpersonal and collaborative skills. * Experience/ Familiarity with HDFS concepts, Hadoop distributions (Cloudera or Horton Works) , Hive and familiar with configuration of HDFS is an added advantage * Experience/ Familiarity with Kerberos concepts and authentication? Company Profile: Informatica Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Informatica Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details