TITLE: Senior Windows Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings for the day...!!! Candidate must have Windows + Citrix experience. This Position for Bangalore Location. The candidate will provide support to Windows infrastructure. The position provides remote support for the systems via on-call rotation. Some major change activities including weekend work. They will help to improve procedures and monitoring, and will work on process automation tasks / scripts. This position requires a high degree of teamwork. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical aptitude and a desire to learn. They will need to be energetic, self motivated and enjoy working in a collaborative team environment. They must be committed to Customer Service. The successful candidate will help to improve procedures and monitoring, and will work on process automation tasks / scripts. Roles & Responsibility & Key Result Area - Strategic: Demonstrate experience in developing and executing technical strategies and independently leading technical strategic initiatives Lead key internal knowledge building initiatives while developing quantitative models to support strategic analysis and value creation efforts Lead strategy engagements through all key project deliverables including scoping, research, analysis, synthesis and communication Operational: Responsible for providing on-call support to Windows Server infrastructure Monitoring system performance & ensuring smooth functionality of the systems Troubleshooting / resolving routine to moderately complex issues ensuring user / customer satisfaction by providing preventative maintenance Participate in Incident, Problem, and Change management processes. Tracking the metrics to ensure SLA's are met. Developing standards, policies and procedures for operating People: Oversee and monitor the delivery of work of the team and provide them technical guidance Provide technical training and Business process training to technical team and staff. Assist the team manager/Technical Lead in allocation of resources to tasks in order to ensure timely project delivery. Scheduling of tasks and monitoring the progress/delivery of the team over timelines. Promotes teamwork to develop & deliver successful solutions Work as a cohesive team exhibiting the one team approach Knowledge and Skill Required: Windows Servers 2000, 2003, 2008 Install, configure and support Active Directory Scripting Knowledge VMware knowledge from Windows Server perspective BMC ADDM, Bladelogic (BLSA) and Orchestrator knowledge Altiris Knowledge Security Patch management using BMC, WSUS and Altiris Hardware administration on Dell hardware Knowledge of Change, incident & Problem management process Microsoft Office suite - Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access Good to have: Working knowledge of Citrix Xenapp 4.5 and 5.0 environments. Troubleshoot issues related to Terminal Servers and Citrix Xenapp Servers. Minimum Qualification B.Tech/ BSc(Computers)/ MCA/ Graduate for recognized university Experience Candidate must have minimum 8 to 10 years relevant work experience Competency Communications: Must have effective verbal and written English communications skills Continuous Learning: Seeks learning opportunities; applies learning to make significant business contributions; actively welcomes coaching Problem solving: Makes sound, timely decisions that have positive impact on the resolution ofissues and problems. Results Oriented: Sets high personal standards. Delivers significant business results. Team Orientation: Promotes teamwork to develop solutions. Values contributions of all team members Basic project management skills Organization Skills Ability to structure and organize work, adherence to Standard Operating Processes. If interested send your updated CV to reshma@ehighpoints.net Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HighPoints Technologies India (P) Ltd. HighPoints Technologies India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details