TITLE: Senior Technical Editor

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Overview: The Senior Technical Editor is responsible for editing a wide range of highly technical training materials, including lecture manuals, lab manuals, slides, scripts, and datasheets. The Senior Technical Editor is expected to collaborate with course developers on meeting quality standards. The Senior Technical Editor is also responsible for helping maintain standards documents and participating in or leading standards teams and cross- functional programs and initiatives. Responsibilities : Provide developmental and copyediting services for the training team. Ensure that course materials meet quality standards. Coach writers in meeting editorial standards. Work with course developers and team leads to ensure the timely publication of course materials. Contribute to maintaining standards documents, including the editorial style guide. Participate in or lead standards teams and cross- functional programs and initiatives. Skills: Excellent technical editing and writing skills. Ability to edit according to the principles of minimalist writing and structured authoring. Ability to quickly adapt and follow established templates and processes. Ability to work on multiple projects against strict deadlines. Solid grasp of software concepts and the training development lifecycle. Highly competent user of FrameMaker, PowerPoint, Acrobat, and Word in a Windows environment. Use of Perforce or similar version control software a plus. Education and Work Experience: Minimum of 5 yearsrsquo experience as a technical editor at an enterprise software company. Experience editing technical training material. BA in English, Journalism, or other English- language- intensive discipline. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Adventum Technology Consulting Pvt Ltd Adventum Technology Consulting Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details