TITLE: CIB - Transaction Processing Specialist, Billing Operating Unit

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. The Billing Operating Unit offers innovative solutions and services to various LOBs across multiple asset classes and geographies. The unit maintains relationships with hundreds of clients worldwide. In addition to this J.P. Morgan is an industry leader in providing clearing, custody, operations, and technology and order execution capabilities to broker dealers worldwide. The Billing Operating Unit - Expense Management Group is responsible for invoice management, validation/reconciliation, and allocation of charge to various LOB, Cost Centers, timely payment, NOSTRO Clearance, and MIS Reporting. The Billing Operating Unit Billing Utility is responsible for invoice generation of transaction-related charges for OTC & PB clients The objectives of the BOU - Expense Management Group are: (1) Daily maintenance and reconciliation of the books and records of the J.P Morgan Clearing Corp, (JPMCC) relating to clearing activities and balancing of incoming and outgoing funds (2) Payments to counterparties and broker dealers (3) Reporting of any abnormal trade activity to Product Controllers/traders that is consistent with the Firms internal policies and procedures, and in accordance with Federal, State and New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (NYSE) regulations, as well as all other self-regulatory organizations of which the Firm is a member or to whose jurisdiction the Firm is subject. The Department is responsible for: Balancing omnibus and suspense accounts Bank and international product reconciliations Monitoring international operations suspense accounts Balancing JPMCC inter-company trading accounts Monitoring data processing charges allocated to select operational areas Reconciling delivery-versus-payment account balances Analyzing, accruing, allocating, and paying Electronic Communication Network (ECN) invoices SEC Fees Direct payment & Non Direct payment Analyzing, accruing, allocating, and paying international bank / floor brokerage / Stock Loan fees etc. Creating weekly/monthly management reports Special projects Receivable and Payable functions for stock loans/borrows and Clearing Member Trade Agreements (CMTA) for options More specifically, the Departments activities include: Control Management & Reporting Functions: Omnibus account reconciliations of Continuous Net Settles (CNS) The reconciliation of cash movement from JPMCC to JPMSI & JPMSL through the Firm omnibus accounts Reconciling Daily Suspense Accounts U.S. and currencies for operations and International and Custodial Trust Company or CTC) Balancing of Bookkeeping Journal U.S. and currencies Daily balancing of Bank Accounts CMTA Receipt and payment of CMTA commissions and reconciling of receivable/payable accounts Monthly booking of income/expense and reconciling stock loan/borrow accounts, daily reconciling of receivable/payable accounts Notification letters to clients of cash and stock transfers Reconciling security and NOSTRO positions/ transactions breaks for proprietary and Prime brokerage accounts by referring it to settlements/ Middle Office/ Agents systems/reports Process invoices from external parties and resolve/escalate discrepancies to OU(Organization units)/Middle office Process journals into firm/client accounts to resolve breaks & Reconciles cash flows through various systems and client accounts Perform reconciliations with regards to client accounts in firms portfolio management system Reconciliation over Geneva application versus JPMCC Books and Records positions and balances Primary responsibilities include process transactions and facilitate accurate and timely payment of invoices of various counterparties/brokers; meeting service levels, production workflows, and training. Support the execution of strategic business initiatives, workflow design, and implementation of the departments goals and objectives. Ensure that all company policies are followed and special projects are carried out in a competent and cost effective manner. Build strong working relationships with functional managers and develop the product and business knowledge on Prime Brokerage and Clearing Operations for the team in Bangalore. Ensure steady flow of completing daily tasks, gain expertise over the functions you are handling and appropriate backups in all servicing functions to Business Partners throughout JPMorgan Chase. Ensure quality assurance on critical functions. Maintain productivity standards and focus on providing best in class customer service to avoid unnecessary expenses associated with customer dissatisfaction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills accounts payable reconciliation general ledger billing invoice book keeping financial services payments journal entries customer service Desired Candidate Profile Essential Minimum Qualification Graduate In Service Mindset & Get Things Done Attitude Ability to process daily exceptions using Standard Operating Procedures flawlessly High level of attention to detail Spot deviations in day-to-day tasks v/s procedures and escalate to Supervisors, Managers Ensure the Standard Operating Procedures are updated on a timely basis Taking active participation in process improvement and automation Strong verbal and written communication skills, and adept at communicating with all levels of the business and technical parts of the organization Can operate effectively in a dynamic environment with tight deadlines, and can prioritize ones own work to achieve them Flexibility to work global hours and willing to travel globally Task management Strong Interpersonal skills Finance knowledge Journal Entries, General Ledger, Book Keeping etc. Preferred Skills & Experience include specifics, as above Graduates with a minimum of 1-3 years experience in a bank, financial services/ or other service sector environment Knowledge of Prime Brokerage / Clearing business and the regulations relevant to these business in the US/UK market Working knowledge on reconciling security & NOSTRO positions, TLM breaks; accounts payable and receivable etc. Proficient in Microsoft Office; developing MS Access & excel macros Migration experience preferably US or UK Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details