TITLE: Huawei Hiring for Test Engineers (ARM 64 Platforms): For Open Contract

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements: 1. Testing or benchmarking experience (mainly for server applications like DB, Distributed fs, Bigdata,Virtualization etc) 2. Strong understanding of usecase testing for server/data centre applications 3. Automation skills (scripting/c/python/any test programming expertise) 4. ARM / specific hardware based application testing and analysis is added advantage Role: Testing the complete solution for ARM64 based solution. Identification and verification of various use cases for data centre applications or similar. Develop test cases, test code(automate), support in building test beds and build consolidated reporting. Opportunity to work with technical challenges in testing for ARM64 platform solution which is very new in the industry. Possibility to apply and learn various testing methodologies. Based on the skills and performance, opportunity to work with open source. NOTE: THE OPENING IS FOR CONTRACT POSITION Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills C ARM Python Programming Test Cases Application Testing Data Center Use Cases Open Source Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Huawei Technologies India Pvt Ltd Huawei Technologies provides innovative and customized network solutions for telecom carriers around the world. Huawei holds leading positions in the global market in switching, next generation network (NGN), integrated access network, DSLAM, and intelligent network. Specializing in the areas of fixed network, mobile network, optical network, data communications, and value-added services, we strive to enable the best communication with our deep understanding of customers' needs. Huawei is dedicated to delivering long term value and potential growth to our customers. Established in 1988 and headquartered in Shenzhen, China, Huawei has already won trust from over 300 telecom carriers around the world. Our products and solutions serve over 90 countries, as well as 22 of the world's top 50 operators. In 2004, Huawei's contracted sales reached USD5.58 billion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details