TITLE: software engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Understand quality criteria for the organization 2. Develop, support and maintain Continuous integration and delivery model. Including developing/ deploying/ maintaining Continuous Integration model and Continuous Delivery model for development and Quality Assurance organizations. 3. Develop test automation infrastructure for both development and QA teams 4. Build or integrate new tools that enable increased productivity for development and QA teams. 5. Responsible for automation solutions to support full the breadth of testing - Unit- testing, Functional, Stress, Performance and System level testing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications 1. Relevant experience in devops, development, automation and testing roles 2. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 3. Good development/ scripting skills in languages Python, C, PERL, TCL, etc 4. Strong programming skills in Java and User Interface development 5. Familiarity with packaging and environment tools including pip, virtualenv, Maven and Conda 6. Familiarity with configuration management tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet) is a plus. 7. Knowledge of SW build and automation tools - Git. SVN. DevOps, Jenkins, TeamCity, Electric Commander. Experience with automating IXIA traffic generators/ analyzers is a plus. 8. Good experience with different Operating Systems, with emphasis on Linux variants 9. Must be flexible, independent and self- motivated 10. Punctual, Regular and demonstrated ownership skills Company Profile: Intel Security Group Intel Security Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details