TITLE: Customer Service

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Purpose of this role is to provides leadership to execute the L&D organization's strategy and philosophy, develops guidelines, norms and SLAs for ensuring standardized and consistent deployment; monitors its adherence.Understands the plans and priorities of the other L&D verticals, derives implication on the governance/ monitoring vis- - - vis the organization and L&D objectives? Key Responsibilities : ? - Design the overall training model (remote training, self- learning through technology, certification) and modes of training? - Draw overall training plan in collaboration with Products teams and respective CS Channel Heads? - Define capability requirements (KSAs) required at different levels for different service channels? - Build alliances with training partners to provide Training and Development Interventions? - Define & measure training effectiveness parameters? - Ensures provision and achievement of all training requirements within the CS functions? - Drive delivery of induction, all product, process, systems and soft skill training? - Evaluates and improves the efficiency of operational training whilst ensuring training requirements are met? - Improves the effectiveness and impact of operational training by developing mechanisms to measure training outcomes and quality of training? - Evaluates Operational Training teams and provides feedback for continuous improvement? - Manages overall training processes within the CS function? - Makes recommendations for both external and internal best practice training mechanisms, approaches and modules? - Identifies the need for any accredited training modules? - Develops and delivers reports to meet requirements and standard reporting requirements? - Identifies, establishes and conducts reporting and analysis using pre- and post- assessment methodology and ROI model ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Training & Development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Talent Leads Hr Solutions Pvt Ltd Talent Leads Hr Solutions (p) Ltd. is An Executive Search Firm Managed By a Team of Professionals. We Conduct Searches for Top, Senior and Middle Level Professionals for Startups and Large Organizations Across Multiple Industries Throughout India. Our Foundation Stone is Our Commitment to Client Satisfaction, Deep Regard for Personal Relationships and Dedication to Quality. We Maintain the Highest Levels of Integrity Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details