TITLE: Team Leader & Counselors

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Requirements: *Science & Engineering Graduate with 60% Marks at SSC * MBA Fresher or with Experience *Excellent communication skills *Should have good management and interpersonal skills Though the salary slabs are mentioned still salary is not a constraint for the right candidate INTERESTED CANDIDATES CAN COME FOR A WALK IN INTERVIEW on 27th & 28th October 2016 (Thursday & Friday) Venue- HR Department ,Mezzanine Floor, Pearl Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar West (Towards Matunga Road) Time: - 11:00 am to 5:00 pm Contact Person: Chitra/Dipali-Contact No: 4232 1012/13 Job Description of Team Leader position 1.Responsible for the smooth function of the centres 2.Co-coordinating and implementing operational functions at the centre level in associate with head office. 3.Making implementation of the marketing plan, Admission & enquires 4.Activities before enrolment, Stock of prospectus copies and admission forms, tracking the number of enquiries and their conversion ratio, taking steps to improve the conversion ratio. 5.Activities after enrolment -Arrears checking, To ensure 0 arrears 6.Course planning, Ensure conduct of test exams, Carry out class room test, distribution of modes solutions, and action of answer books, test score reporting, teaches assessment. 7.Time Table, Smooth and timely conduct of lectures, check on attendance, calls to absentees, punctuality of teachers, notice board management. 8.Timely distribution of updated study materials to all batches at the centre, storing and animating the sock of study materials, test papers, solutions etc. at the centre level. 9.Ensure that all collections are deposited in the bank. RR checking. 10.Direct interaction with Students /parents 11.Ensure healthy growth in enrolments 12.Centre facility and infrastructure management Aesthetic upkeep of the place Job Description of Counselor/Executive 1.Handling enquiries for Enrolments and Pre & Post admission work. 2.Attending to the calls of enquiry from prospective students 3.Converting the enquiries into admissions. Timely follow up with the prospective students. 4.Responsible for maintaining and updating the record of every prospect 5.Making reports and MIS 6.Coordination with other concerned departments Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile 1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills2. Good interpersonal skillsÂ 3. Ability to handle team4. Target oriented5. Good with data management and analysis Company Profile: Vidyalankar Classes and Publication Company Profile: Vidyalankar is a group comprising educational institutes like the Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, a premier engineering college, affiliated to the University of Mumbai, Vidyalankar School of Information & Technology, Vidyalankar Polytechnic etc. having its group head office at Pearl Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), and Mumbai.Vidyalankar has massive experience of over 50 years, of successfully preparing students for high level competitive entrance exams like the IIT JEE, MH-EN-CET, AIEEE, CAT/CET and GATE, also Coaching & Providing lectures for Engg Degree, Diploma and BSc- IT. Here, it would not be out of place to mention that most of our students have excelled in the above examinations securing high merit rankings and at times have even topped the merit list.Apart from our main branch at Dadar (E)-Vidyalankar House, Vidyalankar has branches also at Andheri, Borivali, Chembur, Dombivli, Ghatkopar, Nerul, Panvel, Thane, Vashi and Kalyan which are located at close proximity to railway stations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details