TITLE: Capital Procurement

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.PR to PO :To manage entire PR to PO process for supply items of HVAC, CRP , electrical items, instrumentation items, mechanical items, process and utility equipment for formulation plants. Understand the RFQ/RFP , identify probable suppliers , take offers , get the offers evaluated , analyse TBE , commercial evaluation of suppliers , clean sheet costing , negotiation , preparation of orders , signing of contracts. 2.Contract management : contractor identification, evaluation , negotiation , finalization. Contract administration , dispute settlement , engagement with legal ,contract closure. To take care of all types of contracts for civil , mechanical, electrical, instrumentation, piping, insulation , HVAC , CRP works right from issue of tender to signing of contract. Should be able to carry out rate analysis of items of work contracts. 3.Customer service : To ensure high level of customer satisfaction , ensure delivery of commitments, timely service to internal and external customer. 4.Planning and scheduling : To make advance procurement plan based on project needs , prepare a schedule in collaboration with project schedule , periodically review with internal customer and update the same. Ensure adherence to procurement plan. 5.Financials: Ensure to achieve targeted savings , cash flows, terms of payments , LC/CAD documentation. 6.Value engineering: Should be sharp in bringing in value thru value engineering , cost modeling , benchmarking. Must have good techno commercial acumen to deal with suppliers. 7.People skill : Must have ability to manage the team under pressure and cross functional teams to ensure high level of customer service, motivation and guidance to team. Should be a team player , open to learning. 8.Travel: should be willing to travel to various sites for reviews , customer service , resolve plant level issues. 9.New vendor development: Should be knowledgeable and fast in new vendor/contractor identification, evaluation, approval. 10.General: should possess problem solving attitude , bring smart solutions , quick response ability , good in communication ( spoken /written) , should have command on MS Excel, MS Power Point. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Mechanical Company Profile: BIO JOBZ( Medulla Recruitment Services Pvt Ltd) www.biojobz.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details