TITLE: Marketing Executive-chennai

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent Opportunity for young marketing specialist to work for TOP Notch/ Fastest Growing Healthcare Organization.Â Company Name : Apollo Sugar Clinics Ltd Location : Chennai Role : Marketing ExecutiveÂ CTC ; Market Driven + Company Benefits Job Role: Doing Field Marketing Activities to increase the footfall at Clinical Units. Responsible to do tie-ups, Retails Marketing, Events, RWA Tie-up, and other activities to appeal Diabetes Patients to increase footfall at Clinical Units to increase the consultations. Doing Catchment area analysis, Market mapping, BTL / ATL activities Responsible to drive the diabetes detection drives by screening diabetes patients as per standard process Should be good in computers / Data management/ follow-up to provide services to patients/ customers Increase the brand visibility in 5-10 kms of vicinity of clinical units Recommended and promoting company packages and services for the revenue growth Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Other Company Benefits Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Events/Promotion Executive Keyskills marketing footfall camps flyers BTL ATl event RWA jogger park social clubs Event Marketing branding promotion below the line above the line field marketing catchment area road shows Desired Candidate Profile Graduates / MBA (Sales & Marketing)Â Experience in Marketing (BTL Activities & Marketing Events)Preferred from Healthcare/ Retail/ Retail HealthcareMust have a BIKE & VALID Driving LicenseField Marketing experience should be of 2 YearsArea KnowledgePlease call me 8500082192 or 8125804444 Company Profile: Apollo Sugar Clinics Limited Make a Career. Join Apollo Sugar India! Apollo Sugar Clinics is an innovative, single specialty diabetes and endocrine healthcare service provider, formed as a collaboration between Apollo Hospitals Group and Sanofi (Global Pharma MNC). Apollo Sugar believes that human capital is the key to the success of our organization. We have built a culture of collaboration between teams that ensures growth of individuals and the organization. Our work environment drives innovation and passion towards patient service. We recruit & engage the best talent pool towards fulfillment of our core objectives - compassion and care of our patients. With the expertise and knowledge of our international partners, we bring global standards, in the field of single specialty clinics. Apollo Sugar is an equal opportunity employer and promotes diversity in our workforce. If you are compassionate with a flair for service excellence that you think can provide healing touch to improve the lives of people around you, Apollo Sugar is the place for you. Join our team to leverage career opportunities and achieve long term success. Our talent pool comprises of specialists in Medical Services, Marketing, Finance, HR, IT, Operations & Quality domain. In our clinics operation, we endeavor to impart quality experience to our multi-disciplinary care specialists comprising Endocrinologists, Diabetologists, Operations Incharges, Patient Care Facilitators, Diabetes Specialist Nurses, Dieticians, Diabetic Educators, and Sales & Marketing lead's with meaningful assignments to enhance their skills and expertise at par with global standards. To know more about your career options, connect with Apollo Sugar HR Partners and discover how successful you can be with us. More About Apollo Sugar (read more at www.apollosugar.com) India is home to over 65 million diabetics and more than 50 million pre-diabetics. More than 30 million Indians are unknown diabetics (not yet diagnosed but afflicted). The need of the hour is to address this endemic with a dedicated, comprehensive model of care - Apollo Sugar Clinics is the answer. Apollo Sugar (An Apollo Group Company) is an innovative care delivery business focused on providing assured care for Diabetics. With 30 years of the Apollo group's heritage and quality healthcare delivery behind it, Apollo Sugar was founded on the vision to make diabetes disease free. We are building the largest pan-India single specialty clinics model for Diabetes. Our vision is 'disease-free diabetes' and our mission is to provide proven and comprehensive care to the diabetic being cared for, and not just the disorder - to keep co-morbidities or related complications of the heart, kidneys, eyes, nerves, feet at bay. We successfully deliver robust patient outcomes by staffing each Sugar clinic with best in class multi-disciplinary care teams of doctors, dieticians, trained diabetes specific nurses and counselors, backed with proven treatment protocols and lifestyle management interventions to enable our customers to keep their Diabetes in good control and live a disease free lifestyle. We currently have 35+ Apollo Sugar clinics that are operational pan India across major cities, and are fast scaling up to our footprint to help provide proven, quality care for millions of more diabetic patients across India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details