TITLE: Job Opportunity for C Programming with Linux and Openwrt

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings, This is Ranjini HR from iFocus Systec & this is regarding a career opportunity with us. iFocus Systec is in the business of Software Development including Product Engineering, Mobile Apps Development and end-to-end software testing services for several reputed companies in India and abroad. Founded in 2007 by professionals with rich experience in information technology space, iFocus has its headquarters in Bangalore and a branch office in the UK. iFocus has over 200 qualified technology and management professionals, well-versed with the latest industry standard practices and processes. The company engages with its customers through several flexible delivery models, customized to suit specific customer business environments. Over the years, we have established an enviable track record for our quality, framework, value addition and adherence to delivery timelines, and have some of the most reputed names in global business across domains for customers. Specialties: Product Testing, Test Automation, Product Engineering, Mobile Apps Testing, Performance Testing and Mobile Apps Development. Position: C Programming with Linux and OPENWRT Experience: 4 to 6 yrs Location: Bangalore Salary: Best in the industry JD Responsibilities Your responsibilities may include: Develop prototypes/ solutions for demonstration / performance or functional analysis Develop/review implementation plans, designs, code, fix issues Development testing/performance analysis/bug fixes Required Qualifications / skills Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science / Engineering or Electrical Engineering. 1-2 years experience in C programming in Linux or other embedded environments. Knowledge of OpenWRT, scripting languages like Python/Perl is a plus Strong analytical skills for problem abstraction Strong knowledge of IP-based networking protocols Experience with using debugging tools like gdb, kgdb, profilers etc. Familiarity with standard software engineering practices for version control, configuration management, testing, root cause analysis, and quality assurance Mandatory- C programming in Linux, Linux Networking, OpenWRT. Regards Ranjini Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Openwrt open wrt Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ifocus systec (india) pvt ltd iFocus Systec is in the business of Software Development including Product Engineering, Mobile Apps Development and end-to-end software testing services for several reputed companies in India and abroad. Founded in 2007 by professionals with rich experience in information technology space, iFocus has its headquarters in Bangalore and a branch office in the UK. iFocus has over 200 qualified technology and management professionals, well-versed with the latest industry standard practices and processes. The company engages with its customers through several flexible delivery models, customized to suit specific customer business environments. Over the years, we have established an enviable track record for our quality, framework, value addition and adherence to delivery timelines, and have some of the most reputed names in global business across domains for customers. Specialties: Product Testing, Test Automation, Product Engineering, Mobile Apps Testing, Performance Testing and Mobile Apps Development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details