TITLE: AM Graphic Designing

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description for Assistant Manager - Design & Creative Services If you live, breathe, sleep Design & Creative Serviceswe want to talk to you! Responsibilities: Create designs, concepts, and sample layouts based on your knowledge of layout principles and aesthetic design concepts to cultivate a solid body of work. Determine size and arrangement of illustrative material and copy, and select style and size of type. Take design briefs from stakeholders. Schedule project implementation Confer with stakeholders to discuss and determine layout design. Work with a wide range of media and use graphic design software. Develop creative new design concepts, graphics and layouts for all requirements. Review final layouts and suggest improvements as needed. Prepare illustrations or rough sketches of material to present your ideas, discussing them with stakeholders or supervisors and making necessary changes based on stakeholder comments to gain full approvals. Use computer software to generate new images. Key information into computer equipment to create layouts for stakeholders or supervisors. Maintain archive of images, photos, or previous work. Create final artworks for printer/printing. Prepare notes and instructions for printer/printing. Draw and print charts, graphs, illustrations, and other artwork, using computer. Study illustrations and photographs to plan presentation of materials, products, or services. Research new software or design concepts. Produce still and animated graphics for videos. Photograph layouts, using camera, to make layout prints for supervisors or stakeholders Requirements Minimum 6 years of proven graphic designing & related experience Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas Up to date with industry leading software and technologies (In Design, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Photoshop etc.) Highly proficient in all design aspects and in meeting time & cost deadlines Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: First Call H Resource P. Ltd It's for an international MNC located at Mumbai. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details