TITLE: CB - Business Analyst - Team Leader

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position provides integral support to the Commercial Real Estate (CRE) Finance team. The role interfaces with the team to generate monthly and quarterly financial reports used for internal reporting purposes. Responsibilities include: Download data from the general ledger and T&E systems to generate detailed expense reports. Utilize macros to create standard income statements in Essbase for the top organizational levels (segments, regions, etc.). Retrieve month end close data from Essbase and summarize in templates. Generate various Excel based reports that provide management with information on Headcount, Net Charge-offs, Non Performing Loans and several other key metrics. Take responsibility for the quality of work submitted and ensure that the highest standards are upheld. Maintain written procedures as necessary. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills real estate loans cre english interfaces macros standards procedures essbase general ledger Desired Candidate Profile Bachelors degree in finance or accounting preferred. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills. In-depth knowledge of Excel and Essbase is required. PowerPoint experience is a plus Ability to act on his / her own to solve problems and make decisions. Ability to interact effectively with various levels of bank personnel. Strong interpersonal and customer focus. Strong control and quality management skills; accuracy and attention to detail is vital. Ability to work with limited supervision, receiving minimum instructions on new assignments. Ability to work in a team environment and flexible to work some later hours. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details