TITLE: AVP - Underwriting & Account Management - Mumbai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description of Principal Duties and Accountabilities Manage underwriting for the Corporate Accounts Group (CAG) & Auto Leasing (ALS) including preparation of all background material for a credit, structuring the deal and preparation of the credit pitch. Underwrite new financings (lease, equipment finance, cash flow and other structured transactions) and effectively manage a portfolio of existing accounts. Maintain high asset quality while meeting customer needs. Manage the underwriting and credit approval process for transactions, including initial screening of deals, structuring, proposal issuance, detailed due diligence and formal credit approval, negotiation of documentation and closing. Assist in monitoring and reporting on assigned portfolio; ensuring compliance with covenants and other loan documentation; analyzing and making recommendations with respect to requests for amendments, waivers and consents. Recognize and act on early warning signs of distress in portfolio; contribute to problem loan resolutions and work out situations. Work with sales team to deliver the required turnaround times and volumes at the same time exercising strict control on the deals. Responsibility for credit quality of assigned deals. Prepare and deliver presentations to management regarding deals and portfolio activities. Structure solutions, negotiate documentation, and prepare presentations to produce timely closure on deals Qualifications/ Experience Required 10-12 years total experience with MBA or undergraduate business degree with significant and directly relevant work/deal experience. Solid financial statement analysis and valuation skills Thorough and detail oriented; strong analytical skills High energy level; ability to multi-task effectively; high degree of initiative Strong oral and written communication skills; strong interpersonal skills; team player Directly related experience in underwriting deals, loan structuring, scenario / stretch analysis, negotiation, documentation, closures, amendments) or workouts (exist of distressed loans, re-financings and bankruptcies). Qualifications/ Experience Preferred Understanding of various financing products and structures, including loans, leases, partnerships and equity investments Prior deal experience including understanding of legal documentation Communicate and present crisply and effectively (both in writing and verbally) to senior leadership Consistently mentor, coach, develop, motivate, reward and promote others. Ability to deliver honest and constructive feedback and address substandard performance or behavior Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Underwriting Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Augusta Infotech NBFC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details