TITLE: GM - Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Research & build relationships with new clients for the Exhibition Stall designing. Responsible for business generation from West & south India. Handling Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad,Maharashtra, Gujarat, Bangalore locations for revenue generation. Strategic planning for sales activities. Formulating strategies and reaching out to the unexplored market segments/customer groups for business expansion. Execution of business plans through the formulation of sales strategy. Managing & increasing sales volume, ensuring accomplishment of set business targets. Monitor client queries being handled by team and support and guide team to convert it. Meeting and presenting to clients, the organization capabilities and products. Provide quotes to clients and negotiate to close deal. Be able to maintain compliance in relation to business development activities. Obtaining client feedback and drive increases in client satisfaction and engagement. Managing tracking and reporting of performance to ensure team accountability and quality of service. Driving client service excellence and a culture of delighting clients. Achieving Top and Bottom line Revenue & Profitability. Training and Managing a team. Creating synergies amongst the client . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Facility Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Green Thumbs(Brand of Aura Services PrivateLimited) GreenThumbs is a vibrant and high performance HR company, providing psychometric assessments, recruitment/ manpower solutions and training services to its clients, both in India and overseas. While we serve all kinds of manpower requirements, our expertise lies in middle to senior level Executive Search mandates. We have rich experience in serving both Contingent Search and Retained Search assignments. Our consistent performance in placements has put us firmly in the league of best recruiting firms in the region. Our personalized approach is the reason why our impressive roster of clients continues to call on GreenThumbs year after year as their preferred HR consultancy. Services we offer: Talent Search Psychometric Assessments & Surveys HR Advisory Learning & Development Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details