TITLE: Senior Systems Administrator - Windows L3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role : Senior Systems Administrator - Windows L3 Environment : Maintain a stable and reliable UNIX production environment in Paris (France), London (UK), New-York (USA) and Asia Pacific. Monitor the Windows/VMware infrastructure and take proactive actions when needed. Must have excellent knowledge of Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 Missions: Monitor, triage & troubleshoot Windows server incidents. Install, upgrade, maintain and support Windows infrastructure. Maintain and support services/applications under Windows team responsibility. Monitor the Windows/VMware infrastructure and take proactive actions when needed. Contribute to document and review standards and operational procedures. Enforce technical and security standards for Windows infrastructures and services. Follow internal processes at all time (ITIL, time tracking, escalation). Work closely with peers worldwide by taking part in periodic meetings and sharing knowledge. Act as project manager for Windows / VMware infrastructures projects by providing regular follow-up on schedule, budget and issues. Handle system upgrades and migrations, in accordance with latest technology trends and SG global standards." Profile: Must have excellent knowledge of the following technologies: Windows 2003/8/12 SCCM 2007/12 PowerShell x86 Hardware (HP/DELL/IBM) Volumetry on SAN / NAS Microsoft cluster VMware platform Anti Virus (Symantec endpoint protection) VMware VCenter Good to have knowledge of these technologies: VBS, .Net, ASP, XML SCOM Database - MSSQL/Oracle Knowledge of Incident management Knowledge of Change management Knowledge of ITIL Frame Work" Specific Context : Opportunity to learn and grow in the challenging field of banking IT infrastructure support. "Interface with On-site teams in APAC, EMEA, AMER Application and database support teams Business users" Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills SCOM SCCM VMware Windows Server ASP Powershell ITIL Framework IT Infrastructure Support VCenter Oracle Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Societe Generale Global Solution Centre Pvt Ltd Societe Generale Global Solution Centre Pvt. Ltd. has been set up as a strategic arm of the Bank in 2000, at Bangalore, SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale Global Solution Centre serves as a 'Centre of Excellence' for the Group. Global Investment Management & Services: SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale is one of the largest banks in the euro-zone in terms of assets under custody (EUR 2 731 billion, March 2008) and under management (EUR 391 billion, March 2008) SG GSC was started by SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale as its second entity in India after the Investment Bank. Over the past eight years, SG GSC has evolved to become the 'Global Knowledge Centre' for the Group with a reputation for providing innovative solutions that combine in-depth business knowledge with exceptional technology skills. The centre today has over 900+ employees and has plans to grow further in the coming years. SG GSC works for multiple business lines including SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale Corporate and Investment Banking, Specialized Financial Services, Retail Banking and Global Investment Management and Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details