TITLE: Applications Developer Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Manage stakeholders, negotiate, influence and drive the conversation / meeting and getting consensus from all stakeholders. Plan technical deliverables by identifying, analyzing and documenting technical solutions. Work with the Business Analysts to identify and analyze functional and nonfunctional requirements and recommend technical solutions with estimates. Analyze impact of proposed solution across the business; develop use cases to explain/ demonstrate business requirements/ specifications to team members and senior stakeholders if required. Do Proof of Concepts and publish white papers for technical solutions. Design java based technical solutions and represent them using tools like visio/ PowerPoint. Assist developers in their day to day activities like reviewing low level design solutions, code reviews and talk to business analysts/ information architects/ Project Managers to resolve blockers for developers. Put together crisp status reports on a timely basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development j2ee oracle struts core java design patterns javascript jquery messaging tools Desired Candidate Profile The successful candidate will have: A university degree; a degree in an engineering or computer science discipline is preferred. Very strong analytical and problem solving skills, with good decision making abilities. Great written and verbal communication skills. A strong focus on high quality deliverables and meeting tight deadlines. Very strong passion for technology with a strong interest in the latest development best practices and frameworks. Culturally sensitive in a role that spans regions and time zones. An agile mindset and a broad skillset - willing to do whatever it takes to help the team deliver. Â Technical skills: Minimum 15 years of continuous J2EE development experience on large/ medium sized projects. Proven experience enhancing large business-critical legacy systems. Strong familiarity with design patterns and object-oriented principles like SOLID. Project experience using the below technologies/ frameworks: Enterprise scale messaging (MQ Series preferred). Web Application Server (Tomcat preferred). Relational database experience (Oracle preferred). Spring MVC or Struts framework. Core Java/ Java EE/ Spring/ Struts/ MyBatis Automated unit testing and mocking frameworks. JavaScript libraries like AngularJS, JQuery, and Knockoutjs Continuous integration environment. Â Other non-technical skills: Banking domain knowledge with a preference for payment systems or treasury products. Some recent and successful experience in a properly functioning agile team would be extremely advantageous. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details