TITLE: Oracle Developer-- Subcon-Mahape

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for immediate jonnies : Subcon : 6 Months extendble Please find JD: Exp: 3 to 5.5 Yrs ORACLE Database Expereince Basic and Advanced concepts in SQL (Joins , Subqueries etc) PL /SQL (Functions , Procedures , Packages , Exception Handling , Nested Blocks) Database browser tools like SQL Developer or Toad Debugging Skills Performance tuning queries Configuration management tools and processes Experience or willingness to work in production support environment required Good Communication is mandate Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Looking for immediate jonnies : Subcon : 6 Months extendble Please find JD: Exp: 3 to 5.5 Yrs ORACLE Database Expereince Basic and Advanced concepts in SQL (Joins , Subqueries etc) PL /SQL (Functions , Procedures , Packages , Exception Handling , Nested Blocks) Database browser tools like SQL Developer or Toad Debugging Skills Performance tuning queries Configuration management tools and processes Experience or willingness to work in production support environment required Good Communication is mandate Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd About Us The power of us at Arminus emerges from a position of collective empowerment. So while each one of us can make a difference, an individual?s feat of accomplishment is truly a product of team work. The us in Arminus, derives its core strength by evolving every team member to a state of the institution, because the ?Power of us? is the power to change. Arminus Software Pvt. Limited is a global company providing IT consulting and software development services in diverse application areas. We provide enterprise wide solutions to help an organization gain competitive edge by integrating all business processes and optimizing the resources available. Our focus and mission is to drive our clients' revenues and profitability by providing product development, maintenance services, Staff augmentation through the engagement model which suits them the best. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details