TITLE: Web / Software Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Probability have to have the ability to carry complete obligation linked with project(s). Activity Scheduling & Monitoring , Customer Program , Seller & manual coordination , Curbing diverse project attached routines considering that designated. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Impeccable Web Services Welcome to Impeccable Web Services. Established in year 2013 in MUMBAI, our service can provide you global reach. We are a reputed form functioning from long time in the field of web designing and development. Other core services we offer are internet marketing, ecommerce, site migration, etc. We had gone through a number of projects that help to become more and more accurate in terms of service we offer. Being a website designing company it is necessary for us to understand what a clients wants. Giving something not suitable is not our criteria. Our design comprise global standard and advance technology. Our panel of experts are skilled enough to give you the live sample of design which in your dream with creative approach. Along with development we also give you a full site service which consists of managing the website and handling its different functions. So if you are already having a website and you are not happy with what you got, you can contact us to change, modify or create an entirely new website with amazing design and features. We build our projects keeping the competition in mind. Due to which the site does not fall back from any angle. Rich UI allows visitor to get more engaged and enjoy extra benefits.We specialize in static site development and designing, dynamic website development and designing, ecommerce, custom ecommerce, corporate site, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details