TITLE: Desktop Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. 2 - 4 years experience. 2. Troubleshooting all desktop, laptops and printer related issues with minimal disruption in services. 3. Knowledge of LAN / WAN, Good communication. Vendor co ordination. Provide L2 support to remote users / escalations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Future Focus Infotech Pvt Ltd Future Focus Infotech was established in 1997 to leverage on the opportunity provided by the Y2K challenge that had to be resolved before the end of the millennium. It chose to meet the challenge by producing competent SW professionals with custom-made, rigorous short-term training program for engineers and computer graduates. Even as a start up company, it competed successfully with a host of established companies to be awarded the Business Associate status by TCS.Incorporated in October of the same year as a Private Limited company and rechristened Future Focus Infotech (FFI), it commenced its operations in Chennai and Bangalore, trained over 300 engineers, partnered with TCS in the successful execution of Y2K projects and concluded its first fiscal with a revenue of over INR 20 lakhs.As the Y2K skills requirement petered out, the year 1998-99 saw FFI venturing into e-commerce training. FFI also started providing solutions for consulting requirements from TCS and other smaller clients for skills other than Mainframe, viz. Web Technologies, Microsoft Client Server technologies, Java, Oracle and so on.It was during this phase that the FFI Management felt the need to enhance on the service offerings and foray deeper into the IT domain. This resulted in the establishment of a Software Development Centre to cater to domestic as well as overseas markets. The SDC in Chennai was inaugurated in 1999 and a few months later a second one in Bangalore was established. By the end of 1999-2000, these centers had over 50 software professionals executing projects for domestic clients like India Cements and Mistral and a few US based customers. This was the period which gave inception to our wholly owned subsidiary, Focus America, Inc. then based out of Georgia, Atlanta Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details