TITLE: Creative Head - Mumbai & Noida

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Produces promotional materials by developing basic presentation approaches; directing layout, design, and copy writing; determining and monitoring production schedules; providing work direction to staff. Job Responsibilities: Manages daily operations in a department responsible for creative works, including audience promotions and advertising. Accomplishes work requirements by orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching employees. Meets work standards by following production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving operational problems; identifying work process improvements. Meets cost standards by monitoring expenses; implementing cost-saving actions. Develops basic presentation approaches by reviewing materials and information presented by client. Determines production schedule by conferring with heads of art, copy writing, and production departments; outlining basic presentation concepts; coordinating creative activities. Determines project content by reviewing and approving art and copy materials developed by staff. Improves quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes; recommending changes to art, copy writing, and production departments. Develops marketing strategies by examining client objectives; planning, scheduling, and completing design and production requirements for direct marketing, telemarketing, and advertising. Monitors marketing mix and results by coordinating tracking actions with sales and marketing representatives. Improves marketing quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing creative processes; implementing changes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Creative Director Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Ripples Consultancy Services From time to time, businesses hire people who end up not performing as per their expectations. Some just do not even measure up to do the task. This is why they turn to us to help them out. We not only find the best Talent for them, but also who can deliver business. Basically, we deliver the people business who make sure that the company objectives are meant at all costs. rnrnOur company has had its doors open since 2003 and all our success we owe to our clients. They have given us the opportunity to make sure that the business and working environment have only professionals. Today it is so easy to create a fraudulent CV and use it to get a job which you are really not qualified for. We first understand the clientu2019s needs and match that to our database that has a lot of qualified candidates ready to start working.rnrnBy the year 2007 we had already shown our clients that we can deliver the best services and always on time. This is why we have grown to be recognized by multinational companies who come to us looking for the perfect staff for them. We never discriminate when it comes to delivering our services. That is why we are popular among the big companies and also those that are just starting out. We are proud to be always chosen by companies who want to get the best people working for them. It is not just the companies that recognize our efforts. Even those job seekers that we have helped to secure jobs, always come back to thank us. rnrnBefore we match someone to a company, we make sure that it is a reputable company and our recruit will be treated well at the business environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details