TITLE: Core Network Specialist/ Sr. Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required: Must have worked Alcatel: 5060 MGC- 8 and 7510 MGW for configuration and integration Must be familiar with 5060 MGC- 8 and 7510 MGW CLI Should be able to create LLD, ODD etc Should be having the understanding of DNS/ ENUM, MNP, ISUP , SIP and SIGTRAN protocol suites Should able to execute tasks as per instruction from planning/ design team or from HLD/ LLD in timely and responsible manner. Be willing to work at customer premises in Mumbai. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Pos: Core Network Specialist/ Sr. Specialist Location: Mumbai Exp: 5- 12 yrs Max CTC budget: 12 L (as per current Experience & CTC) NO- Poach: Nokia, Alcatel Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd About Us The power of us at Arminus emerges from a position of collective empowerment. So while each one of us can make a difference, an individual?s feat of accomplishment is truly a product of team work. The us in Arminus, derives its core strength by evolving every team member to a state of the institution, because the ?Power of us? is the power to change. Arminus Software Pvt. Limited is a global company providing IT consulting and software development services in diverse application areas. We provide enterprise wide solutions to help an organization gain competitive edge by integrating all business processes and optimizing the resources available. Our focus and mission is to drive our clients' revenues and profitability by providing product development, maintenance services, Staff augmentation through the engagement model which suits them the best. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details