TITLE: Solution Manager Ims/volte/core

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Role: We are looking for Solution Experts with proven system integration experience on telecom areas like VoLTE, IMS for our client which is a leading telecom MNC with their SI ( System Integration ) team. The Solution Head provides leadership and a senior level solution consulting service in customer project; ability to understand customer's business and technical needs and ability to translate them into a solution, Designs and executes complex integration, operations or performance solutions for customers. Please go through the job description below. Position: Solution Manager IMS/VoLTE/Core General Purpose:- Provides leadership and a senior level solution consulting service in customer project; ability to understand customer's business and technical needs and ability to translate them into a solution, Designs and executes complex integration, operations or performance solutions for customers. Main Responsibility Area:- Provides senior level solution consulting service, having expertise in diversified telecom domains ; Design and leads the identification and specification of complex solutions in complex customer environment. Support Sales Team for during sales phases. Position Description:- Develop detailed customer solution design & architecture and perform technical risk evaluation for overall technical solution. Own technical part of bid preparation: solution design/architecture, effort estimates, scope of work, bill of material, etc. and holding key role in contract negotiations to protect SI value. Lead the technical implementation during the delivery phase. Present offered solution design/architecture to customer and verify/adapt it during realization phase Skills: Solution design & Implementation of diversified telecom domains like Core network, VoLTE, IMS Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 35,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills telecom cloud virtualization IMS VoLTE EPC Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Edge Executive Search Pvt. Ltd. A leading telecom MNC in mobile and broadband solutions EDGE is a premier, professionally managed Executive Search firm established in 1990. We specialise in the search and recruitment of top-notch professionals at middle and senior management levels across a broad range of industries. We work with blue-chip world leaders to fill positions across India and at several international locations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details