TITLE: Faculty and Asst. Professors for GATE Division

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Requirements: *Excellent communication skills * Minimum 3-5 years of Experience in teaching * Patient and Good listener * Empathetic towards students Job Description of Faculty Position 1.Responsible for the smooth function of the centres 2. Responsible for completion of topics /syllabus 3. Responsible for making notes/ content development for the courses 4. Responsible for conducting tests/evaluation 5. Responsible for making question papers/module solutions and assessment of papers 6. Responsible for conducting doubt solving / extra turns if needed by the students salary is not a constraint for the right candidate INTERESTED CANDIDATES CAN COME FOR A WALK IN INTERVIEW on 27th & 28th October 2016 (Thursday & Friday) If unable to come for interview then please mail your resume at jobs@vidyalankar.org Interested candidates must prepare for Demo lecture round for 1 hour for the subject they are interested to teach. Panel of subject experts will be assessing on the same. Post first round of Demo lecture another demo lecture round will be with a group of students . Combined feedback of both the rounds would proceed further the selection process. Venue- HR Department ,Mezzanine Floor, Pearl Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar West (Towards Matunga Road) Time: - 11:00 am to 5:00 pm Contact Person: Chitra/Dipali-Contact No: 4232 1012/13 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Special Education Teacher Desired Candidate Profile 1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills2. Good interpersonal skillsÂ Company Profile: Vidyalankar Classes and Publication Company Profile: Vidyalankar is a group comprising educational institutes like the Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, a premier engineering college, affiliated to the University of Mumbai, Vidyalankar School of Information & Technology, Vidyalankar Polytechnic etc. having its group head office at Pearl Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), and Mumbai.Vidyalankar has massive experience of over 50 years, of successfully preparing students for high level competitive entrance exams like the IIT JEE, MH-EN-CET, AIEEE, CAT/CET and GATE, also Coaching & Providing lectures for Engg Degree, Diploma and BSc- IT. Here, it would not be out of place to mention that most of our students have excelled in the above examinations securing high merit rankings and at times have even topped the merit list.Apart from our main branch at Dadar (E)-Vidyalankar House, Vidyalankar has branches also at Andheri, Borivali, Chembur, Dombivli, Ghatkopar, Nerul, Panvel, Thane, Vashi and Kalyan which are located at close proximity to railway stations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details