TITLE: Sr Manager Business Development (corporate Sales) Interview - 29th Sep

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Adecco !! One of the leading Digital payment company of India requires - Company Name - Zaggle Overseas Pvt Ltd Designation - Sr.Manager Business Development (Corporate Sales) Location - Andheri (East) Salary Offered - Upto 7 LPA Company Profile - Zaggle is a digital payments company focused on delighting Indian corporates and the urban middle class and affluent consumers. Zaggle as a company focuses on creating, marketing and distributing innovative Payment solutions. Zaggle was founded in 2011 by Mr. Phani N. Raj who is a serial entrepreneur and seed investor. The management team has 150 years of experience in the Banking and Financial services, manufacturing, retail and service industries. Zaggle offers both off the shelf and custom prepaid gift solutions. We create solutions which are used in multiple ways: Employee rewards and recognition, channel partner incentivization, gifts to customers of corporates and employee benefits. Zaggle is now working on creating integrated issuance and acceptance solutions which will revolutionize the Indian and global payment industry. Zaggle is a one stop solution on VISA/MASTERCARD/ NON VISA Cards and Mobile App for following scope of activities in a Organization : - Reward & Recognition to the Employees Through HR Reward & Recognition to the Sales Employees Through Sales Head Reward & Recognition to the Dealers, Distributors, Channel partners, Agents, Doctors in Pharma etc Through Marketing Head Reward & Recognition on Occasional front like Diwali, Christmas, New Year Etc. Through Admin Head. Job Responsibility - Acquire corporate clients for Prepaid cards viz : - Zaggle Wave Card, Zaggle Super card , Zaggle BOMB Card, Gift Card ( Visa Platform ) and Gift Vouchers. Ensure that the Team Reporting to him is focused and achieves target Month on Month with focus on increasing Gross Margin. Ensure that the Daily Calls Report, Tracking Sheet and Sales Report is always updated for himself and his team. Ensure that the pipeline of prospects is strong enough to achieve target set for the team. Build in pipeline of prospective clients by doing planned Corporate Meetings with the team and individually. Ensure quality of service delivery and manage client relationships. Monitor and Ensure timely collection of receivables. Coordinate with group companies for generating business . Upsell to the Multi Store Card when launched. Should be hands-on with Excel worksheets for doing the daily reporting and Sales Forecast for the given territory. Note - Kindly go through the entire company details and if interested, share your updated C.V in - deepika.patnaik@adecco.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Adecco India Private Limited Leading Digital Payment Company of India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details