TITLE: Technical Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Writer - Job description Duties and Responsibilities: Create, edit, and maintain the technical documentation and associated delivery framework required to support customer drives hardware and software systems. Ensure accuracy and completeness of technical documentation within the scope of ownership. Work closely with other technical writers to develop and maintain department-specific processes and procedures. Ensure the technical accuracy of content while adhering to proper use of brand, voice and style. Ensure proper spelling, grammar, sentence structure and punctuation. Should be an expertise in Information mapping. Perform software installation and work on the system to create and verify the documentation. Knowledge of illustration conventions in engineering field: circuit diagrams, software block diagrams, dimension drawings, isometric illustrations, flow charts, time diagrams, etc. Work independently to gather information and data needed for documentation, by actively collaborating with other technical writers, technical managers, developers, testers, technical support, teams in the field, and so on. The ideal candidate should have the ability to: Work effectively as part of a multicultural, highly distributed and virtualized team. Deliver in a self-directed and results-oriented manner, while following instructions and adhering to established processes and procedures. Remain composed and perform quality work under the pressure of deadlines where product changes are ongoing. Verbally communicate in person and over the phone with people located in various geographic locations. Demonstrate strong analytical, organizational and problem solving skills. Demonstrate a keen attention to detail with a high regard for quality, consistency, efficiency and processes. Take ownership of and responsibility for your work product and take pride in the results. Think positive about change and promote a culture of continuous improvement throughout team. Experience: 2+ of experience as a technical writer, Knowledge of electric drives and related applications and installation practices is ideal. Technical writing industry best practices, roles, and working with established style guides, editors and standards. Preferably Simplified Technical English (STE). Software application industry, processes, development methodologies and release cycles. Writing and technical skills for developing documentation and user assistance for online delivery. Writing and publishing tools and methodologies such as: Adobe FrameMaker (structured and unstructured), Acrobat Professional, RoboHelp. Education: Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline or related experience preferred. HI, While screening profiles, can you also consider these requirements on high priority, along with the other requirements in the job description: Hands-on experience in Unstructured FrameMaker. Native Hindi speaker or good knowledge on Hindi script, because a couple of manuals are translated in Hindi. Knowledge on Information Mapping principles Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills Robohelp Framemaker Technical Writing Technical Documentation Adobe Acrobat Software Installation Continuous Improvement Technical Support Technical Skills Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: M/s. A-Tech Rays A tech Rays is a Recruitment and Software company that provides Manpower and do back end support to our clients of every size and industry. We offer Human Resource, Pre Screening, and Training and Development . We are based in Bangalore, Karnataka and combine seasoned recruitment professionals and cutting edge recruitment technologies and techniques to short-list highly qualified candidates. We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultations and communication with the corporate community. We always match the most suitable candidate for the required job opening. This is our commitment to our clients and our candidates. We were established in the year 2012 and have earned a reputation for the high quality of our services. We have progressed well under the guidance of our Proprietor, Mrs. Deepa. We meet the needs of various clients by providing experienced, skilled and semi-skilled professionals on contract and permanent basis to our clients in various sectors. We offer both Overseas and Local placement services. Our highly skilled, experienced and proficient management ensures that the operations and functions at A tech Rays run smoothly and our clients avail our services without any stoppages. The range of industries served by us include BFSI, BPO/IT/ITES/KPO, Human Resource, Engineering / Technical, Medical/Health Care/Pharmaceuticals, Event Management, Sales & Marketing, FMCG, Telecom/ Technology/ ISP, Manufacturing / Operations, Export/ Import, Education / Training, Retail, Construction, Tour & Travel, Automobile, DATA ENTRY , etc. We ensure that our services are customized to suit the convenience of the client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details