TITLE: Manager/sr. Manager _tech Support Ops/ Tech Support- Service Delivery

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company- A Leading BPO Opening 1 Profile- Technical Support Services Operations Exp- Technical Support Services + Operations Position- Manager- Mumbai (Belapur):- 7-11 Yrs- CTC 17 LPA(15% Variable included) Max- Reporting to manager. People Management Role Position- Sr. Manager- Delhi:- 9-13 Yrs- CTC 23 LPA (15% Variable included) max- Reporting to Sr. Manager. People Management Role Opening 2 Profile- Technical Support Services (Service Delivery Assurance/SDA) Exp- Tech Support + Operations + Process Improvement + Process Excellence Position- Sr. Manager- Delhi/ Kolkata/ Mumbai (Belapur):- 9-13 Yrs- CTC 23 LPA (15% Variable included) max- Reporting to Sr. Manager. IC Role BPO/KPO- Global Shifts- Open (Open with all shifts including Night) Graduation- Correspondence/ Regular- ok JOB DESCRIPTION- Strong interpersonal people management skills & client management skill Ability to work and communicate with people across organizational units and client organization Strong decision making skill, ability to think strategically and translate strategy into action plans Strong analytical skills with an ability to resolve problem with a win-win negotiation approach Ability to lead people on large, multi-functional efforts Knowledge of PC technology, applications and on-line tools Expert knowledge of service procedures & demonstrated Customer services skills and experience in a voice call center environment Ability to coach & develop people in the hierarchy Quality Focus: Knowledge & implementation of Quality tools & techniques (Six Sigma, Lean) for process improvement. Thorough understanding of P & L account, planning, forecasting & scheduling to meet SLAs, Delivery and adherence to the SOW defined parameters Willingness to work 24/7 - needs to be comfortable with working in majorly night shifts aligned to US/Europe environment Valid passport is a must Lead the site for service delivery perspective and meet goals for all processes in the site deliver as per client contract (CPM) as well as operating plan (Top line & bottom line) Focus on maximizing Customer Experience while optimizing costs Contribute to the development of short and long term strategic business goals Retaining talents and enhance employee satisfaction for the aligned business Develop leadership pipeline to meet short & long-term business goals. Create appropriate servicing and retention strategies for customers Ensure systems development integration with strategy Provide functional support and direction to the Managers and Team leaders on customer support needs Monitor the performance of the 2nd & 1st line supervisors and coach them, if required Assist with training and identify training needs within the group Mentor and assist Managers/Senior Managers Liaison with other support functions of the company affecting customer support 1. Updates himself regularly with Company policies on Information Security Management System. 2. Ensure subordinates are aware of Company policies, in particular those on Information Security. 3. Ensure adherence to legal & regulatory requirements as applicable to the nature of work. 4. Ensure Process adheres to legal & regulatory requirements as applicable to the nature of work. 5. Ensure adherence to the Contractual Requirements of the Process/Function. 6. Encourage all subordinates to Report Security Incidents. Kindly apply those who have above candidature. Contact- 0120 -4739820/ 7042088835 Email - Chanchal@firstcalli.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: First Call H Resource P. Ltd A Consulting Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details