TITLE: Customer Acquisition Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent Requirement Job Title: Associate Manager Customer Acquisition Reporting To: Cluster Manager Sales Education qualification- Any Graduate Location - Mumbai Preferred Industry experience- Bank / NBFC handling sales in retail assets (unsecured Business and Personal Loans)/ Merchant banking/ direct sourcing in DSA/ similar industry experience Desired experience-Relevant experience of 1-8years Job Role:- Appointment of DSA s for BL Achieve BL disbursement targets through DSA's/Direct Sourcing DSA Management (Managing pay-outs, new incentive schemes, etc) Training and development of DSAs Increasing productivity of DSAs Ability to explain the product to the merchants. Achieving targeted login of applications from merchants on a continuing basis. Responsible for smooth flow of process relating to credit and operations. To build a profitable portfolio. Qualification & Experience any Graduate in Commerce/Science If interested, please share your updated CV at jyotsna.khanna@greenthumbs.in . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Green Thumbs(Brand of Aura Services PrivateLimited) GreenThumbs is a vibrant and high performance HR company, providing psychometric assessments, recruitment/ manpower solutions and training services to its clients, both in India and overseas. While we serve all kinds of manpower requirements, our expertise lies in middle to senior level Executive Search mandates. We have rich experience in serving both Contingent Search and Retained Search assignments. Our consistent performance in placements has put us firmly in the league of best recruiting firms in the region. Our personalized approach is the reason why our impressive roster of clients continues to call on GreenThumbs year after year as their preferred HR consultancy. Services we offer: Talent Search Psychometric Assessments & Surveys HR Advisory Learning & Development Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details