TITLE: iOS Sr. Developer / Mumbai / IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Aeronube Technology !! This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us and if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of Permanent Employment with one of our IT MNC Clients. Type of Employment: Permanent What we are looking for: iOS Sr. Developer People who are excited by technology and working with others to develop truly GREAT software. People willing to learn new skills and who are not tied to any one language, but who have developed their skills sufficiently to accept any challenge. People who are willing to take ownership, take responsibility and perform in a "first-class" way. Exp: - 5+ Years Job description: iOS SDK, Objective-C, Swift(Optional) Frameworks UIKit, Cocoa, Core Animation- IDE Xcode DB SQLite, Local Storage- Debugger GDB or LLDB. Source Control GITKEY RESPONSIBILITIES Experience in Designing and building applications for the iOS platform Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle- 5+ years of iOS development Strong grip on Swift, Objective C and Cocoa Touch Working knowledge of iOS internals to help build high performance apps Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, - Core Graphics Have published at least one original iOS app to app store Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON Experience with third-party libraries , APIs, web services and JSON Experience Push Notifications, Background Processes, SQLite, Search, Contacts, Calendar, Sync, Security & Permissions Performance in-app cache, parsing & data persistence, object modelling NP:Only 30 days Notice period will be considered Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: AERONUBE TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED Aeronube is a result driven specialist IT Organization with extensive sector knowledge and experience in IT Staffing / Managed services & Software Development providing end to end IT services and solutions to different Fortune 500 clients. In today's world, as business becomes more demanding, organizations need to re-engineer their IT Services & Solutions and need to be agile and flexible to meet ever-changing business expectations and that requires a broad-based and integrated capability & not just in skills, but across capabilities, types of engagements and service delivery models. Innovative strategies, Technological expertise and a holistic approach to commitments is the key differentiator to Aeronube's Approach. Ordinary jobs can be a bit boring. We get that. But boring is not a word you would associate with Aeronube. No. Boring we are not. We're a vibrant, innovative company with big ideas and a great vision: to fundamentally change the recruitment industry and make people feel good about recruitment.We're looking to grow quickly, and we're on the look out for dynamic, free-thinking professionals to join our team and help us achieve our goal(s). We offer competitive packages, opportunities for training and career development, and a chance to make a real difference in a fast-paced, meritocratic, performance-driven but fun environment. With a highly qualified skilled management and leadership team, we deploy innovative and effective search methodologies to meet our clients needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details