TITLE: Back Office

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Grade : Officer Trainee / Executive Upper Age Limit : 26 years Educational Qualifications : Graduates in any discipline with minimum 1st class Remuneration : Stipend during training period will be Rs. 15, 100/ - p.m. On completion of training, selected candidates will be confirmed in the appropriate grade. Experience : 1 or 2 years of experience. Fresher can also apply Profile : Day to day operations of Trade Capture and Settlements (BSE / NSE) trades pertaining to DVP Government Securities, Corporate Actions, including timely reporting (internal, client and regulatory) Day to day operations of cash Management and FX booking including timely reporting (internal client and regulatory) . Timely completion of processes such as Account Opening, Demat, KYC Procedures, Client Detail Updation, Trade Processing and other procedural norms with rest to NSDL / CDSL / Comtrack Back- office Operations with respect to Third Party Products (Mutual Fund / Bonds / FDs ect.) GOI Bonds, Broking Derivatives Trades Communicate with clients and respond to their enquiries promptly in line with defined service level agreement Liaising with internal departments to resolve all clients queries and service issues Ensure operational support to other functions like Product, Business Development, etc. Co- ordinate timely execution of audits and compliances checks and ensure minimal adverse comments. Maintain Cordial relationship with Regulators and Market players like Stock Exchanges, Depositories, Vendors, ect. Provide assistance to trade in large volumes and maintain MIS Providing accurate information of the accounts and maintain healthy relationship with the client Weekly / Monthly MIS submission of the activities Adherence to KYC other procedural norms Compliance / Audit including fraud control Grade : Deputy Manager (Audit Compliance) Educational Qualifications : Graduates in any discipline with Post Graduation in relevant field Experience : 8 years of relevant experience Remuneration : Best as per Industry Standards Upper Age Limit : 30 years Profile : Ensuring ongoing compliance requirements with respect to system/ process changes etc issued by the Regulators are adhered to by the organisation and communication to branches. Co- ordinating with the Regulators and SHCIL branches and internal teams for ensuring suitable, effective redressal of the Client Grievances and closure and reporting of the same to the Regulators within the stipulated deadline. Compliance checking of Concurrent and Monthly Internal Audit report w.r.t. DP Operations . Co ordination for timely submission of Half yearly Internal cum concurrent Audit Reports to Depositories. Preparation of status of Grievance and Audit Report. Ensuring that Compliance Updates are communicated to every employee PAN India on a monthly basis. Coordinating with branches with regard to various Audit Timely preparation and submission of reports/ documents like IG report, Compliance certificate, changes in details, Risk Assessment template etc as mandated by the Regulators. Ensuring that Letters received from statutory authorities are given suitable response within due time and documentation is completed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Stock Holding Corporation of India Ltd SHCIL was incorporated at the special initiative of the Government of India as a Public Limited Company in 1986. It has been jointly promoted and owned by the All India Banks and Financial Institutions, viz., IDBI Bank Ltd, ICICI Bank, SU-UTI, IFCI Ltd, LIC, GIC, NIA, NIC, UIC, and TOICL all leaders in their fields of business. SHCIL began by offering custodial and post trading services, adding depository services and other services to its portfolio over a period of time. SHCIL has established itself in India as a one-stop solution provider in the Financial Services domain. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details