TITLE: Hiring Team Lead for Apple Hardware Support with Ample Technologies

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hello, Greetings from Ample Technologies! Hiring Team Lead for Apple Hardware Support with Ample Technologies. Department - Service Job Location - Bangalore Designation - Team Leader Experience Required - 5 to 10 Years Qualification - Any Graduate Segment - Retail Service Key Responsibilities: Take overall responsibility of service centre. Branch service revenue targets ( service and accessory sale ) Accessories stock management Additional achievements and highlighting business opportunities. Improve customer satisfaction and handle corporate service. Act as a further escalation point of unresolved or escalated calls. Customer relation management ( Internal and External ) Ensure team productivity at its maximum. Maintain repair TAT Handle reports Control attrition Ensure team certification Drive SOP adherence in the centre Maintain hygiene and a conductive anbience Conduct audit and ensure timely audit closure Attend meetings as required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Technical Lead -Hardware Design Keyskills Team Leading Hardware Support Desired Candidate Profile Good communication skillsstrong interpersonal skillsWilling to work in weekends and on festival holidaysQuick learnerStrong in team managing skillsProcess driven Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Ample Technologies Pvt Ltd. We device and deliver customised solutions for our clients in the digital imaging, IT, print, and video industry. Our mobile computing, storage and presentation divisions cater to the need of corporate clients. Headquartered at Bangalore, we have branches in chennai and Hyderabad. We partner with some of the world's best brands such as Apple, Kodak, Encad, Sony, Adobe, Xerox, and Quark. We are now the largest partners for Apple in the SAARC region. Our associations with Encad and Sony are near exclusive for the region of South India. We have been bestowed with awards for our consistent performance in sales and support across our products. Our abilty to integrate and extract the ideal synergy from our product range is what distinguishes us from the others. Our aim to is build lasting partnerships with clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details