TITLE: Assistant Manager - BSS / OSS (application Support)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are hiring for the captioned role for our Corporate office. We came across your profile on the portal and it seems to be a close match to our requirement. If you are considering the possibility to fast track your career in Application support profile, you have stumbled upon the right E-mail! Please find below the Job description - *Handle Bill-Run activity like Pre-bill checks, Pre-bill reports, Post Bill report verification / validation in BRM Applications *Handle issues relating to incorrect bill / incorrect usage charges, payment not reflecting etc. *Should be proficient in pl-sql queries to monitor the application *Should be able to create queries for day to day operations *Also handle CRM and OSM related operational activities *Support java based applications for error log analysis. Skill Sets : *SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX *Oracle 9i/Oracle 10g Qualification - B.E graduate. If the above posted description catches your interest, please send across your profiles to rasika.walimbe@tikona.in Note : Please ignore if found irrelevant ! You can refer your buddies too Salary: Best in Industry Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tikona Digital Networks Private Limited Tikona Digital Networks (TDN), referred to simply as Tikona, is an Indian Internet service provider based in Mumbai. Tikona has an all-India Class-A ISP licence granted by the Ministry of Communications, government of India. In 2008, it was founded in Mumbai.A review appearing in a mainstream newspaper in mid-2010 said that Tikona has a base of 2,750,000 customers, including 6000 small and medium business customers.TDN was founded in 2008. In 2015 the company launched Tikona Infinet (formerly known as HCL Infinet) to provide data services to Enterprises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details