TITLE: Program Manager - Application Security

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation - Program Manager - Application Security Job Requirements:Â Application Security Programme-Â Responsible for Application Security program for applications including testing and remediation plans. The activity will need to work cohesively with other stake holders (IT App, IT Infra, Business & IT Service Delivery etc.). Â Â Â Â Â Security Testing- Responsible for developing and maintaining the Security Testing program of applications (In-house, off the Shelf). Arriving at the scope of the testing, Threat assessment and defining the Test plan Risk Remediation- Responsible for remediation of the identified risks as per the timelines. Working with the IT team on the work around and the solutions to mitigate the Risks. Projects manage the various security remediation programs around applications and maintaining the correct risk posture. Alignment to AXA Standards Risk Management reporting- All Information Security monthly, quarterly, bi- annually and annually reporting to the respective stakeholders needs to be maintained Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Program Management Application Security Desired Candidate Profile B.E, MS (Computer Science / E&C) with a good hold on the Java, .Net, PHP based web technologies or scripting in Perl/Ruby/Php/Python. Certification of CEH/OSCP CSSLP (Optional) / CISSP (Optional) Industry Experience: 6-11 years, with at least 6+ years of experience in Application Security Testing Program Management Experience Sound knowledge of overall Security posture, Security testing practices, security threats and their remediation. Knowledge of database, application, and Web server design and implementation. Familiarity with Security Standards and groups (OWASP, PCI, SANS, OSSTMM etc.) Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: ScaleneWorks People Solutions LLP Bharti AXA General Insurance Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd is a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises, a leading Indian business group and AXA, a world leader in financial protection. The joint venture company has a 51% stake from Bharti and 49% stake of the AXA Group. The organization commenced national operations in August 2008 and currently has 87 branch offices across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details