TITLE: Senior Associate / Associate Manager - Service Recovery (grievance Man

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from HDFC Life..!! Excellent Opportunity to Work with Country's Best Private Life Insurer. Designation: Senior Associate / Associate Manager - Service Recovery (Grievance Management) Job Description: To provide resolutions/clarifications for queries/requests/complaints to internal and external customers. * Should have insurance knowledge. * To proactively work towards initiatives targeted for reducing repeat complaints and bring down the pending count * To provide clear requirements to IT in order to extract requisite complaints data as per requirement from Management and IRDA * Monitor and publish crucial complaints reports to management/channel partners and regulator. * Train and develop the team members in terms of processes, function, quality standards, product and systems. * Update the team members about various inputs, new developments. * Need to drive and actively participate in key business initiatives within the team. Interested candidates can walk-in as per the following details: Note:- Life Insurance knowledge is a must. Date of Interview: 4th November 2016 Wednesday Timing:- 10.30am - 12noon Contact Person: Supreeta Nair Interview Venue: HDFC Life Insurance company Ltd. 12th Floor, Lodha Excelus, Apollo Mills Compound, N.M.Joshi Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai-11 Kindly carry any photo ID Proof and updated Resume. Mention Reference as Supreeta Nair Thanks and Regards, Supreeta Nair Talent Acquisition Team HDFC Life, Corporate office Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Std life HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. is one of India's leading private life insurance companies, which offers a range of individual and group insurance solutions. It is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC Ltd.), India's leading housing finance institution and The Standard Life Insurance Company, a leading provider of financial services from the United Kingdom. Both the promoters are well known for their ethical dealings and financial strength and are thus committed to being a long-term player in the life insurance industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details