TITLE: Senior Manager / Associate Director / Head - Sales and Operations

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent is expected to have a mix of Sales and Operations (from Travel industry) experience equally, to succeed in this role.Â Role -Â As Head of Sales and Operations team, role is to plan, direct and coordinate the sales and operations of an organization. The incumbent is responsible for ensuring and improving the performance, productivity and efficiency of departmental operations through supervision of team. Lead and train team who are online with customers to ensure delight to the customers.Â Responsibilities - Prepare, revise and submit Sales reports periodically in sync with KRAs defined. Prepare, revise and submit operational reports periodically. Set standards for how the customers are quickly replied and treated Set example as a leader to direct the team. Analyze customer satisfaction reports and using the information to find ways to make customers happy.Â Implement quality management and regulatory compliance strategies Dialogue with clientele about customer service issues or queriesÂ Build a team with right set of skills, both functional and behavioural, to ensure optimal efficiency and productivity. Provide training, and other team development exercises. This could involve things like role playing or conflict management tactics.Â Appraise the team and ensure parity in terms of pay scale and other required benefits to outstanding performers. What an incumbent can expect from the Company Employee Stock Options from the day of joining. Can expect friendly environment. Work in a beautiful office space in the heart of Mumbai.Â Lunch is on us! Enjoy lunch with your amazing co-workers every day Additional employee welfare benefits What the Company expects from Sales and Operations Head Framing and meeting sales targets in sync with KRAs defined. P and L responsibility Ensure an amazing buying experience for our customers Delight and emotionally connect the customers Have excellent communication skills, both in person and in writing Have a great taste, strong sense of style to help shop for our customers Awesome sense of humor Open to working off-business hours occasionally as needed Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Operations Operational Head Customer Service Customer Satisfaction online sales Online Retailing Travel Management travel Tours and Airlines Tours and Ticketing Corporate Sales Business Development Retail Sales Desired Candidate Profile Minimum of 10 years of work exp. with a mix of Sales and Operations role.Must have an exposure to handle Profit centre independently.Must have built and managed a team from scratchExperience working in a fast-paced, multi-context startup environmentÂ Must act independently and demonstrate effective conflict resolution skills in developing recommendations and solutions to solve complex issues in an effort to anticipate executive needs.Ability to work with limited supervision in a dynamic office environmentCan quickly learn to navigate current and new systems and toolsExcellent project, planning, change and time management capabilitiesÂ Be innovative, proactive and with a keen sense of ownership.Have good judgement and decision making skills Company Profile: Opteemize One of our US based clients is expanding its footprints in India. The company believes in growing along with today's GenNext team. You think about the Company and the Company thinks about you is how it would like to work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details