TITLE: Principal Sales Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Middleware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology /application to client business. Facilitation of customer product /application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell. As a Principal Sales Consultant you will be responsible as the expert for formulating and leading presales technical / functional support activity to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Acts as a technical resource and mentor for less experienced Sales Consultants. Focuses on large or complex sales opportunities that need creative and complex solutions. Develops productivity tools and training for other Sales Consultants. Develops and delivers outstanding Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Leads any and all aspects of the technical sales process. Advises internal and external clients on overall architect solutions. Leading contributor individually and as a team member , providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex , involving the application of advanced technical /business skills in area of specialization. 3 years vendor (sales and marketing) experience. 7 years business experience with relevant computer applications or database /tools. Ability to implement the most advanced product features. Thorough knowledge of system and application design. In depth knowledge of competitors. Demonstrated project management skills. Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills: needs analysis , positioning , business justification , closing techniques. Ability to persuade others through presentations , demonstrations , and written communication. Ability to travel as needed. A /BS degree or equivalent , advanced degree highly desirable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Middleware Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile We are seeking an outstanding sales consultant to cover primarily Indiamarket. This role is part of a regional sales consulting team responsiblefor the technical pre-sales support of cloud infrastructure software , including Oracle Linux , Oracle VM andOracle OpenStack. Key Requirements: Be comfortable engaging at alllevels within customers' , partners and Oracle s organization. Translate customerrequirements and IT strategies into deliverable solutions and transformationplans. Define pre-sales solution architectures and proposals. Design and participate intechnology pilot projects or Proof of Value (POV) activities alongside ourcustomers and partners. Define value propositions , positioning and differentiation to competitor s solutions in addressingcustomer pain points. Work alongside partners and otherthird party organizations as required. Represent Oracle at marketingevents and customer events as required. Lead the delivery of Oracle onOracle solutions to customers. Define and drive aprogrammatic pre-sales consulting engagement approach into target accounts andterritories. Support and developexisting customer and partner relationships and skills Complete the technicalrequirement for request for information (RFI) and request for proposal (RFP) Help drive salesopportunities to successful completion Promote the value of professionalservices in early sales cycle. Experience &Technical Skills Bachelor Degree or abovein Computer Science , Engineering , or equivalent More than 7 years experience in pre-salescapacity , consultant role with customer focus , or equivalent experience. Excellent communicationand presentation skills overphone , email , webcast , video and public conference. Good understand of sellingprocess and selling cycle. Demonstrable technical curiosity in keeping abreast with new technologies , especially in Open Source Software. Stro ng technical knowledge in Linux is amust. Strong technicalknowledge in Virtualizatio nplatform: e.g. Xen (preferred) /KVM Past experience withOpenStack , Dockers and /or Linux Containers . Good working knowledge of Open Source tools , e.g. Chef /Puppet /Github. Good conceptual kn owledge of DevOps , Big Data , IoT; working knowledgewill be an advantage. Possession of industryrecognized certificatio nsin Linux , Virtualization , OpenStack , Dockers is highly preferred. Strong technical solution background with goodspecialization in one ormore areas of the following: Public /Private /Hybrid cloud , Servers , Networking , Storage , BCDR. Oracle product(s)knowledge , e.g. Oracle database , Oracle middleware is an advantage. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation, headquartered in Redwood Shores, California. The company primarily specializes in developing and marketing database software and technology, cloud engineered systems and enterprise software productsparticularly its own brands of database management systems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details