TITLE: Oracle

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Oracle Finance Functional Job Description: Good experience on modules EBS Financials (GL,AP,AR,FA,CM) Should have done 3 or 4 implementations / upgrades and experienced in providing business solutions (Must) Worked on India Localization (Must Have) Excellent working Knowledge of EBS 11i and in R12 Strong troubleshooting and issue resolution skills Excellent communication customer interaction skills Must have worked one or more of Oracle Financials applications E - Business Tax, Payments, Payables, Receivables, Assets, Purchasing, Cash Management Should have experience mapping business / finance processes to system functionalities Expert Knowledge in E - Business Tax Module is desirable Experience in Solution design and implementation Experience of Interfaces (Oracle standard as well as custom). Experience in Data Migration projects / activities Must be conversant with Quality processes. Good Knowledge of Configuration Management. Work location : Gurgaon and Mumbai location 7 to 9 yrs Oracle Finance Functional Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details