TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Sales Manager is responsible for selling and up- selling to new and existing clients and providing excellent service in support of team revenue goals. 1. Proactively contact new and existing clients and educate, propose and secure buy- in on Digital Marketing. 2. Identify, propose and sell programs to targeted organizations within the target markets set out by the company. 3. Develop an understanding of client?s business, products, services, customer profile, marketing and business objectives, competitors and sales. 4. Provide excellent level of professionalism and service in responding to general and customized client requests. 5. Be an influencer in digital marketing to businesses in the market. 6. Understand all new products and their roles. 7. Responsible for special projects as assigned. Qualifications 1. A bachelor?s Degree/ Diploma in Business or a related field preferred 2. Minimum 2 years of digital media sales experience, preferred 3. Creative, problem solver with ability and experience in understanding needs of customers and delivering innovative solutions 4. Understanding on Digital & Mobile marketing industry 5. Outstanding written, communication and selling skills 6. Strong commitment to sales and service with good interpersonal skills, initiative and follow through 7. Outstanding computer skills including strong knowledge of spreadsheets (MS Excel) , word processing (MS Word) and presentations (MS Powerpoint) 8. Able to handle multiple priorities ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Company Profile: APPIER Founded in 2012, Appier is a technology company offering next generation cross-screen marketing solutions to advertisers across the globe. Headquartered in Taipei, with offices in Singapore and San Francisco, Appier is passionate about making advertisement the preferred content that connect business and users. Leveraging the power of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data, Appier delivers right marketing content to the right audiences at the right time on the right screen, aiming to make digital marketing experience easier and happier for everyone.\ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details