TITLE: Project Execution (mivan) for Realty Company in Bangalore

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Knowledge of Mivan Shuttering is must Manage and coordinate all construction and related activities for the project Ensure compliance and implementation of all Engineering procedures, practices and techniques as outlined in the design basis document and project drawings. Understand the job sequencing, resource requirements and organise the project resources to ensure the project is implemented within the project budget, as per the schedule and as per quality parameters specified. Work in close coordination with the design, engineering teams and PMC to achieve Value engineering and Cost optimisation. Coordinate with the Planning, QS/ Contracts team for developing project schedules interfaced with the engineering deliverables and procurement/ contracting plans. Provide inputs for preparation of periodic project MIS. Ensure compliance with all applicable statutory rules, local bye-laws and manage the environment to facilitate uninterrupted progress of site works. Coordinate finalisation of Construction methods, erection / construction schemes and plans / design of enabling works. Monitor all construction activities from the perspective of LEED compliance. Coordinate finalisation of Quality plans, ITP, Safety plans, EHS plans and monitor compliance, documentation, audit and corrective actions. Formalise all project close-out activities including evaluation, punch list liquidation, As-built documentation, certification of final bills and contract closures Core Competencies: Know-how of all construction equipment viz., Concrete lifts, tower cranes, concrete pumps, batching plants and concrete mixers, welding machines etc. Including their performance parameters, capacities to ensure their optimum deployment and utilization. Know-how of earth moving equipment, excavators, blasting operations, piling techniques, foundation and pile testing procedures. Experience of project implementation involving high rise towers, large span structures, complex structural configurations in RCC and steel. Should have preferably been involved in real estate, development projects comprising of office towers, residential towers, shopping malls and hotels, Knowledge of Concrete mix designs, precasting works, prestressing operations, welding process and welder qualification procedures, inspection requirements, QA / QC procedures for Civil / structural works. Material control procedures, inspection and reconciliation Measurement verification and certification Familiar with various finishing works viz., Glazing, ceilings and floorings, POP, painting, Metal and Aluminium works, Stone works for facade. Knowledge of statutory clearances and approval processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills Mivan Shuttering formwork Doka Project Execution Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil, Diploma - Civil PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: KREHSST RECRUITMENT SOLUTIONS Realty Company Realty Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details