TITLE: Data Analyst

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Desired Candidate?s Profile Handling and integrating large volumes of data from various sources and automating creation of reports on the data as per specifications. Work with product and business team and provide analytical solution to business and product problems. This might relate to automation , development of statistical / machine learning models. Understand requirement to create reports for senior management. Perform independent data / risk / business / financial analysis and report to the senior management. Work across single / multiple projects. Provide status updates and estimate timelines for data analysis requirements and data remediation. Bachelor?s degree in Statistics (from Indian Statistical Institute / DU / Xaviers) or Engineering (from IITs / NITs or Tier 1 colleges). 2-4 years of experience working as a Data / Business Analyst. B.Tech / B.E. / M.Tech. Graduate in related fields. Strong Mental Aptitude / IQ is a major requirement. Working knowledge of a query language SQL / MySQL. Experience with programming languages like Java / Python / C will be a plus. Knowledge of statistical analysis tools like R is strongly desired. Knowledge of any scripting language will be a strong advantage. Proficiency with presentations and MS Office will be a plus too. Knowledge of web analytic?s tool such as GA , Localytics and Omniture. ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: INDUSOS Indus OS is addressing one of the developing worlds biggest challenges to develop technology to cater to the economic, social and regional diversity. In our mission, we are using the smartphone as the medium to connect the digital world with the masses. We are the first to deeply customize a smartphone experience that meets the real needs of the emerging markets regional language speaking citizens through innovation, simplification and localization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details