TITLE: HR Relationship Manager - Recruitment Firm

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent Opening for HR Relationship Manager with an International HR/Recruitment firm - We are urgently looking for HR Relationship Manager with an International HR/Recruitment firm at Mumbai / Bangalore location: Job Responsibilities : - Play as an Business Development and Account Manager - Approach new clients and generate business from them and manage existing clients. - Bringing out the requirements from various business partners. - Top Management / Client facing capabilities - Build long-term relationships with direct clients - Develop and sustain effective new business relationships with accounts/clients and independently handle staffing business. - Constant interaction with clients - Ensure the annual revenue target is met. - Develop new business in the assigned vertical. - Ensure presentation to clients and signing up the clients for the services. - Coordinate with other team members to ensure the delivery of assignments in a timely manner. - Build connectivity at HR Director / MD / President / CEOs level. - Operate as knowledge managers for assignments in terms of collating data on industry, organization, competitors, candidates and maintaining database on the same. - Collection Requirement - Client Management. - Follow-ups on payments. Job Requirements : - Graduate with experience in aggressive Business Development and Client acquisition. - Diverse industry knowledge and know how is preferred. - Should be able to handle stakeholders at top and mid - level - Needs to be very proactive and consultative - Must be Social network savvy and well connected - Must be able to provide, ideate and customize recruitment solutions to suit client needs If interested, please share across your updated CV with following details : Current Org : Current Designation : Current CTC : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Employee Relations Manager Keyskills Staffing Business Development Recruitment Client Acquisition HR Relationship Management Account Management Client Management Social Networking Database Maintenance HR Relationship Manager Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Conjugate Leading client of Conjugate. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details