TITLE: Financial Analysis Advisor

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Overview The Corporate FP&A team is looking for Financial Analysis Advisor to join our team to support Operating Expense (OPEX) analysis. The primary responsibilities for this position are preparing the annual budget, monitoring performance with monthly close reports, and preparing ad-hoc reports/analysis. Our internal customers are organizations located globally, so this is an excellent opportunity to get exposure to global operations. We offer opportunities to grow within the company and develop a long career with us. Role Responsibilities Prepare annual operating plans, working together with the business and the central FP&A teams. Monitor performance against the forecast with monthly close reports and reviews. Support day-to day decisions by business leaders of the teams supported, by providing financial data in management-friendly format. Interact and maintain working relationships with Finance teams in other regions. The position offers opportunities to make recommendations for OPEX savings and other actions that will allow the business achieve its financial goals. Interaction with the Accounting team on bookings and transaction analysis, especially during month close. Work with Hyperion, Oracle, and other high-tech tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills operations tools oracle forecasting english monitoring financial analysis hyperion microsoft excel opex Desired Candidate Profile Requirements The candidate should hold a Bachelor's degree in Finance, Industrial Engineering, Economics, or Accounting (or Bachelor's degree and Masters in related field). 3 years of experience or equivalent training in budget planning and analysis. Very strong system/spreadsheet skills using Microsoft Excel. Excellent communication skills written and spoken. Advanced English communication required (written and spoken). Preferences Experience with planning systems including Hyperion and Oracle. A strong background in forecasting and variance analysis is desirable since the position will require analyzing results & making recommendations to the management team as well as insuring the integrity of the data. This person must have very strong ability to deal with ambiguity, drive for results and interpersonal skills. Candidate must demonstrate ability to summarize and present information in a concise and clear manner for executive review and approval. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details