TITLE: Graphic Designer Visualizer

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What do you need to do? (Role and Responsibilities) Conceptualize and design layouts for websites and mobile apps. Create banners, e - mailers and other marketing collateral. Work closely with the programmers, artists and sales team to plan and execute projects as per the client brief and deadlines. Graphic Designer / Visualizer | Games2win Media Games2win Based in Mumbai and San Francisco is a gigantic casual games company, operating across a global footprint, leveraging its own partner IP to create an entertaining gaming experience. The Company has clocked 94 million game downloads across the iTunes, Android, Windows and Kindle platforms. Some of our games Parking Frenzy, High School Driving Test, Star Fashion Designer, Fab Tattoo Design Studio Fashion Diva have topped the global app charts. We own over 50 proprietary mobile games and an extremely strong DAU and MAU user base (80% outside of India). All our game downloads are generated organically, without ANY advertising support or paid installations. Top investors such as Clearstone Venture Partners, Nirvana Venture Advisors and Silicon Valley Bank have funded G2W. The founders of G2W Inc. are Alok Kejriwal a Serial Entrepreneur and Mahesh Khambadkone an Online Gaming Specialist. To know more about us, visit us at: Experience Required: Minimum 5 - 7 years in gaming industry or digital media What do you need to do?(Role and Responsibilities) You need to be able to delight our game players with AWESOME Visual UI. We believe that a great UX comes from UI and Game play. Basically, UI plays a very important role. Create innovative and fresh UI approach for existing and new games. Work closely with Product Managers and the Art director to conceptualize art styles for games. Work with the developers and game designers to ensure the art implementation is as per the artwork provided. Conceptualize and design marketing collaterals for games. Who could you be? (Background, Experience, Skills) Graphic Designer / Visualizer with prior experience of mobile games and apps Hands on experience having worked on popular consumer apps Efficientin sketching, drawing, layout design Strong Photoshop skills are a must Well versed with vector art creation skills using Flash or Illustrator Should have the ability to work with several teams, while maintaining consistency of design Should have the ability to work in a fast - paced environment Should have good verbal and written English skills Sir J.J. Institute of Applied Art (Mumbai) L.S. Raheja College of Fine Arts (Mumbai) Bharati Vidyapeeths College of Fine Arts (Pune) Goa College of Art (Goa) Govt. College of Fine Art (Chennai) If you are not from any of the institutions mentioned above, and yet think that you are cut for this position, tell us why. We will reward top talent with very competitive salaries as per the industry norms. This is a huge opportunity for someone who wants to associate themselves with Digital Entertainment and the Apps Business and build an amazing career leading to being an Art Director in the Company. The scope to experiment, innovate and pioneer ideas and concepts will be enormous. We aim to build a large consumer entertainment business with worldwide acclaim, and your role includes considerable challenges and opportunities, which arent available in other domains. Play the games and tell us at least 3 important things that you can improve in the UI design and UX of these games. (Note The application will not be considered without your completed assignment.) Comment - via your Facebook profile or use the comment box below Your email address will not be published. Contribute a better translation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Games2win India Pvt.Ltd Games2win is one of the largest casual mobile gaming companies in the world. We own over 50 proprietary mobile games with over 91 million downloads and an extremely strong DAU and MAU user base (80% outside of India) . All our game downloads are generated organically, without ANY advertising support or paid installations. G2W is the publisher of global hit titles such as Parking Frenzy, The Fab Designer series, Fashion Diva, Detective Byomkesh Bakshy, Dating Frenzy and many other games. Parking Frenzy is ranked #1 on the US iTunes App Store (free app game) Power Cricket T20 is ranked #1 in the India Sports category. Almost all of our Mobile Games have reached top app store ranks. Top investors such as Clearstone Venture Partners, Nirvana Venture Advisors and Silicon Valley Bank have funded G2W. The founders of G2W Inc. are Alok Kejriwal a Serial Entrepreneur and Mahesh Khambadkone an Online Gaming Specialist Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details