TITLE: Business Development Manager | Marketing Research Startup

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a mobile platform that powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, their one of its kind process penetration software helps their clients effectively execute and monitor their action panning. With over 250 clients cutting across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, Middle East and Far East, they are the leading organization in their industry in India. Their vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly. Leading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them Must identify, prospects and new customers through strategic partners in an assigned geographic territory Leads negotiations, coordinates complex decision-making process, and overcomes objections to capture new business opportunities Develops and utilizes marketing related events, seminars, mailings and call campaigns to increase brand awareness and presence in the local market Submits accurate and timely forecasts that are aligned with assigned sales quotas. Forecast sales revenue on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis. Establish and maintain effective relationships with key decision makers, ensuring a full understanding of clients business needs and future requirements. Conduct various prospecting activities such as cold calling and lead referrals, ensuring sales targets are met regularly. Focus primarily on account management, to build strong and longlasting relationships with key customers and develop an understanding of their needs. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Must be from Tier 1 B school.Proven track record of consistently exceeding corporate objectives and quotasAbility to build relationships and quickly develop trust with executivesHighly motivated and results orientedStrong presentation, communication, organization, multitasking, time management skillsSolid problem solving and consultative skills requiredAbility to work in a fast-paced team sales environment with minimum supervisionProficient with Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.Prefer someone working from Marketing Consultancy Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a mobile platform that powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, their one of its kind process penetration software helps their clients effectively execute and monitor their action panning.nWith over 250 clients cutting across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, Middle East and Far East, they are the leading organization in their industry in India.nTheir vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly.nLeading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details