TITLE: Sr Engineer(Community - Map Creator/Services)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description ? Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and best practices in Software Engineering and applies this to the development , execution , and improvement of action plans ? Participates in medium- to large-scale projects ? Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission , values , and standards of ethics and integrity ? Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions ? Provides support to the business ? Troubleshoots business and production issuesMust have Qualification B.E / B.Tech in Computer Science , Computer Engineering or Geoinformatics 5-9 years of software development experience ?Desired Skills and Experiences Advanced skills in the following front-end development technologies (JavaScript , HTML5 , CSS3) Proficiency with jQuery , backbone.js and AngularJS Excellent understanding of MVC patterns for web applications Experience creating applications using a server side framework (e.g. NodeJS , PHP , etc. ) ? Additional Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with SaaS , less , node.js Experience developing single page applications using Backbone.js or AngularJS Proficiency in service oriented architecture and experience with web services , REST APIs , JSON Experience creating responsive lay-outs Experience with Agile Methodology Experience with API integration Experience with git and continuous integration in general Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: HERE HERE, the Open Location Platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. By making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details