TITLE: CIB Equities -tm-sales US Portal-core Java Developer Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The role The Pyramid evolution project aims at delivering the next generation platform for sales and trading. Its core is built on the latest technology (Java 8, NoSQL, messaging .etc.) and covers the functions required for front office (sales, sales trade workflow) and middle office users. The role consists in helping the integration of the equity cash trades into the platform to allow the decoupling of the risk platform from the existing position maintenance tool sitting the back office system. The role is challenging due to the volume of data that needs to be ingested and the complexity of the business logic. Key Responsibilities Work with subject matter experts to ensure that the solution meets business needs. Develop java services leveraging the current platform and handling the currnet and projected volumes/ executing the required business logic. Build with stability, efficiency, scalability, testability in mind. Testing, code quality and design skills are essential in this job. Business Area Description The Global Equities Technology stack at J P Morgan is going through a strategic transformation (front to back). This is a multi-year program where the India Tech teams are involved heavily. The technology stack used is predominantly Core Java, C# .NET, C and Sybase. We are hiring in the areas of Front Office, Middle Office, Risk Management and Client Intelligence Technologies. The India Equities Technology organization is 400 within JPMorgans Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) organization and covers the following functions - Execution Services Technology comprising of: o Electronic Trading (Execution core components, Exchange Connectivity, Client on-boarding, DMA, Smart Order Routing - SoR, Algorithmic Trading, Data Analytics etc ) o Flow Sales and Trading (Front Office Sales and Trading Order Management systems and Reporting) - Risk Management and Structured products - Trade Management and Cash Middle Office - Shared Services (Architecture group, Shared components and QA) - Client Intelligence Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql core java design patterns sybase tibco workflow agile portal optimization messaging Desired Candidate Profile Requirements We are looking for highly talented and driven technologists who have a track record of delivering outstanding solutions in an investment bank or other fast-paced industry where first class solutions with 5 9s uptime are the norm. Essential skills Typically 5-10 years hands-on experience and recognized expert on Java. The candidate must be able to answer tough questions on these languages. Very pro-active , delivery focus , strong experience on Agile programming Good knowledge of the JVM with an understanding of performance and memory optimization . Open to new/ different technologies. Strong OO design skills with good knowledge of object modelling and design patterns. Keen to understand and solve business related problems. Computer science background with an intellectual rigour Relational database experience; ideally Sybase/ SQL. Experience of messaging e.g. AMQ, Tibco .etc. Ability to solve complex problems and a p roven track record of high performance and delivery Strong communication and team-working skills Desirable skills Experience of working in financial services, in a front or middle-office environment. Understanding of equity cash trading. Experience with NoSQL databases. Education To degree level, ideally in a computer science, mathematical or engineering discipline Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details