TITLE: Unity Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Develop educational mobile games including titles using the Unity engine Responsibilities: Delivering game module as per project deadlines. Will be working hand in hand with the entire production team. You will be setting timelines and assuring that your work is completed and quality checked within those times. You will develop content creation tools using Unity Editor, developing gameplay systems, and implementing game logic. Design implementation approach to take game road map into account Implement game functionality as per design document and specification (vehicles & character control, AI, game GUI, scoring and other game elements) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Unity Engineer game module Objective - C Javascript application development game developments Desired Candidate Profile Essential Skills & Experience: Excellent knowledge of Unity and C# scripting, textures, animation, GUI styles, user session management, etc. Self-motivated with a strong desire to learn and stay abreast of game developments/standards Direct experience with game physics and particle systems Experience with iPhone and Android game development Experience with version control software Ability to work independently, and in a team Excellent oral and written communication skills Able to think outside the box Quick to pick up new tools and systems Must love to roll-up your sleeves and get dirty with Unity3D; integrating textures, meshes, adjusting lighting, setting camera angles, optimization, audio integration etc.Pluses: Experience with Objective-C and Javascript Prior experience in a well-known mobile title or AAA titles are a significant asset Level design, planning and creation experience Facebook application development Knowledge in media (games, comics, film, etc.) Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Byju's - Startup The BYJU'S story was born out of the need for high quality, engaging and accessible education . The core philosophy of BYJU's is to inspire a lifelong love of learning. Today BYJU's has become India's largest Education Technology (Learning) company, that is reinventing how students learn, through its learning app. Since its launch last year, the learning app has already seen phenomenal engagement, with over 3.5 million students on its platform. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details