TITLE: Manager - Lead Generation | Fintech Company

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a startup founded by alumnus of IIM C and MDI Gurgaon. The company operates in the fin-tech domain, helping customers to improve their credit ratings and get access to better financing options and also providing leads and sales enablement services to companies in the BFSI domain. The company is a stable one with a track record of 5 years in which it has helped millions of retail customers improve their credit health and get access to better financing options. As a Manager - Lead Generation , your responsibility include, Giving project details to prospective clients and explain product and services over the phone Should be able to Understand Customer need Lead Generation Co-ordination for Appointments To deliver the desired revenue target numbers. Cross-Selling to existing customers & Acquisition of new customers. To systematically execute the sales. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A. Variables / Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Client Relationship Manager Desired Candidate Profile Hands-on operational experience is a mustShould be Target orientedGood communication skillsExperience in Customer orientationGood Presentation SkillsCandidate should have a positive attitude & should be Goal oriented. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a startup founded by alumnus of IIM C and MDI Gurgaon. The company operates in the fin-tech domain, helping customers to improve their credit ratings and get access to better financing options and also providing leads and sales enablement services to companies in the BFSI domain. nnThe company is a stable one with a track record of 5 years in which it has helped millions of retail customers improve their credit health and get access to better financing options. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details