TITLE: Data Visualization for Blueocean Market Intelligence

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Day to Day Responsibilities -You will be working as a part of our dynamic data visualization team who is expert in enterprise tools like Tableau, Qlikview and open source platforms like D3.js. -You will be responsible for gathering the requirements from the client, converting them in to user stories, and translating those stories in to actionable wireframes. -You will be responsible for collaborating with the in-house data visualization team, and get your wireframes in to reality and test it on the basis of context, storyline and brand aesthetics point of view. -You need to spend time enriching your current skills by learning new concepts of data storytelling, story-telling by numbers, discovering and defining new types of charts/widgets for the dashboards. -You would be responsible for defining standard dashboards/scorecards for different industries based on their specific dimensions and metrics. -You would be working closely with the Data Visualization COE team and assist them in following key areas: oDefining standard frameworks and methodologies around Data Visualization. oDefining guidelines around story-telling and how to enrich the existing dashboards/scorecards and convert them in to powerful and actionable data visualizations. oDefining standard dashboards/scorecards across different industry verticals focusing on stakeholders working under Content, Marketing, Merchandising, Sales and Call Center departments. oDefining best practices around Data Audits, Data Quality Assessment and Data Computations (Standardized Formulas) oDefining processes around evolving the existing dashboards and scorecards and avoid them from getting stale and lose their traction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile -Excellent verbal and written communication skills and efficient in advanced excel.-Candidate should be a Post Graduate from a reputed college and have done his bachelorette in Commerce, Economics, Statistics or Mathematics.-Candidates, who have d Company Profile: Cross-Tab Marketing Services Pvt. Ltd. Blueocean Market IntelligenceBlueocean is a next-generation services organization with a deep focus on market intelligence, data analytics, and social intelligence, all uniquely delivered less than one roof by skilled professionals. By combining the talent, speed and cost benefit of a flat world, along with their scalable delivery model, we are able to achieve a more nuanced and comprehensive understanding of the market at the delivery speed and price advantage that today's business climate demands. To know more about the company, please visit www.blueoceanmi.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details