TITLE: Senior Engineer / Tech Lead (C#, Restful, Signalr)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Hope you are doing good! This is in reference to your resume posted in Naukri. We have an wonderful opportunity with our esteemed client for Senior Engineer / Tech Lead (C#, Restful, SignalR) :: Bangalore. Please find the job description for the position below. Job Description: The Software Test Automation Engineer will be responsible for creating and maintaining the test automation framework, as well as developing tests to validate Connect Homes Platform products. Sound software engineering background and previous test automation experience is necessary. Position Responsibilities Responsibilities will include working with our development teams to ensure top quality web services are designed and developed. The Software Test Automation Engineer would have the following responsibilities: Prepare a right test automation strategy by understanding the features being built and help determine the best course of action to test those features in an automated fashion. Develop new automated tests and maintain existing tests using our existing framework and also extend the framework where necessary. Monitor, debug and fix breakages during the automated runs in our Continuous Integration environment. Create test summary reports and other related documentation. Work with the DevOps teams when issues are found in deployed services and ensure quick feedback on the fix provided by the development team. Review existing test automation solutions to look improvements in quality of tests, identify any gaps and develop solutions to improve the test coverage. Research and stay current on software test automation methodologies and help to define the Test Automation tools & framework roadmap. Collaborate with Development team to create and enhance the continuous integration strategy. Mentor team members on tool use and test automation/performance best practices. Position Qualifications Education: B.E/B.Tech/ M.Tech. - Computer Science. Experience: Minimum 4 to 8 years of experience in software development & test automation. Strong programming knowledge in C#. Expertise in software design patterns and should have participated in design reviews and code reviews. Exposure to Cloud based services like Azure, AWS etc. & different deployment models. Knowledge on Signal R. Good understanding of Web services different types, topologies and technologies. Exposure to all stages of the software lifecycle including requirements gathering, documentation (approach requirements, functional specification, detailed design). Strong knowledge in creating of automation strategies and frameworks. Should have working experience on web services testing & testing the microservices. Creating test suites using frameworks like NUnit & Specflow. o Writing of Stubs & Drivers and test clients. o Understand mocking concepts o Exposure different types of coverage analysis, defect analysis and issue fixing. Working experience on Tools o Jmeter Performance & Load o SOAPUI Functional & Load o nCover Code Coverage Strong knowledge on SQL server 2008 and above. Good exposure to agile methodologies and should have worked in agile teams. Web debugging experience using browser based debugger tools, fiddler, wireshark etc Strong knowledge on configuration management tools like SVN/Git Exposure to service virtualization tools would be an added advantage. Decent understanding of network protocols knowledge will be a plus. Skills and Competencies: Strong engineering competence, including the aptitude to learn new technical concepts quickly. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to establish rapport and communicate with people at all levels of an organization. Strong verbal and visual presentation skills. Ability to maintain excellent testing documentation and transitional documents. Ability to execute tasks with minimal supervision. Ability to adapt and willingness to learn new technology or techniques If interested or if you have any references please mail the same along with below mentioned details with your updated resume Total years of experience : Relevant years of experience : Current salary : Expected salary : Availability/Notice Period : Current Location : Kind Regards, Preethi Rajendran Recruitment Specialist, PeopleStrong Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills NUnit Azure SQL Server NCover Web Services Testing Fiddler Software Development SOAP UI Design Patterns Automation Testing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt. Ltd. PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is an India based multi-national HR Solutions and Technology company, that was founded in 2005. It is a platform-based mpHRO (Multi-process HR Outsourcing) and technology firm, headquartered at Gurgaon, India. The company specializes in HR shared services, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), payroll & compliance management, and cloud-based HR technology solutions. PeopleStrong is an 800 people team servicing over 500 companies. The company works in South East Asia, the UK and the US. The company is one of the first platform-based integrated HRO/RPO companies in India to be successfully assessed on Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 16 for reporting on controls by Auditing Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details