TITLE: Area Manager - Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose and Scope of the Position: Its a purely B2B Sales profile. The schools/clients will have to be mapped by the person. The entire life cycle of an account is manager by a single sales person. After acquiring the client the job requires to get the maximum share of business. There are multiple contact points in all the clients and the most common touch points are Principals, Teachers, and HOD. Skills and Attitude (Required for the Role): Good communication and presentation Skills. Hard negotiating skills. Good interpersonal relationship. Qualification: Should be Graduate / MBA from a premier institute. Knowledge/Education needed: * Should preferable have exposure to Educational Sales industry. * Should be a part of hardcore Business development team. * Should understand the Business Dynamics Language Proficiency: English & Hindi (regional language preferable) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.B.A / B.M.S, B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Next Education India Pvt. Ltd. Next Education is a highly technology-driven company revolutionizing the education system in India. Over the years, we have created ground-breaking products that make learning and teaching easier, engaging and effective. Next Education empowers schools with technology based K-12 solutions which impact over 70 lakh students across 7000+ schools across India. Established in 2007, Next Education India Pvt. Ltd has made a name for itself in the technology enabled education industry. The management consists of IIT, IIM, LBS alumni and has a very young, vibrant and energetic workforce. We have over 1900 employees. Next Education is an end-to-end school education solution provider encompassing varied products across the spectrum such as TeachNext: A digital classroom solution, NextLabs: A hands-on learning solution for Science, Mathematics, English and Robotics, NextERP: A school management solution, LearnNext: A self-learning tool and NextBooks. For more details please visit www.nexteducation.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details