TITLE: Assistant Manager/manager - Safety

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Objective : The role is responsible for ensuring all safety & security norms, rules and regulations, specifications and laws related to safety & security are being followed as per the companys Safety policy. The other duties include regular inspection of all hazardous activities at DC and to review and provide recommendations on safety policies from time to time. Ensuring safe operations at the DC and safety of all employees forms the crux of the role. Key Accountabilities Job Hazard Analysis Conduct regular training and awareness program for all employees - Timely preparation of safe working procedures/ analysis report - Conduct Safety Audits and inspection at DC - Compliance - o 100% compliance to Safety standards o 100% compliance to all statutory requirements and liaise with governmental and non governmental authorities. o 100% compliance to QHHSSEMCCITC across the DC Key Responsibilities : Operational Maintenance of Safety Infrastructure Conduct regular safety visits within the DC/ Region Ensure all employees/ workers are adhering to the safety norms and policies Monitor and maintain all in-house fire equipments and first aid kits for emergency purposes Ensure timely coordination with the vendors for renewal of contracts related to safety and fire equipments Coordinate with finance team for renewal of licenses with the Government Agencies: follow-up with Finance and pre-intimations for license renewals. Limitation of role up to follow-ups and not getting in to renewal process which shall be sole decision of Finance/Legal head . Accident investigation Carry out routine firefighting exercises Identify potential hazards and suggest appropriate control measures to minimize risks involved Review all accident statistics and recommend appropriate methods to prevent accidents Document all the findings and escalate issues to the concerned authorities Conduct, coordinate and facilitate emergency exercises and create awareness among the employees Carry out routine MOC drills, monitor access control system and CCTV system on daily basis Ensure timely reporting to the Management on hazardous incidents and its root cause Training & Awareness Programs Coordinate for conducting Work Safety training, design safety employee communication and impact fire and safety training to all new joinees Conduct regular meetings with the employees of various departments regarding safety measures and compliances Conduct regular meetings with the Heads of Department regarding their needs to conduct fire and safety training within their department Prepare training content as well as document various forms and formats required MIS & Statutory Compliance Ensure adherence to statutory compliance and maintain all legislative forms and formats Conduct Hazardous and Risk Assessment studies and suggest improvements to the Head of Department / Function Prepare status reports on periodic basis and safety manual incase of new process/ business introduced Document all safety related work procedures for the employees Security Supervising and controlling Security agencies appointed across the DCs. Maintaining check list and periodic evaluation for security performance at DCs. Coordinating / meeting security agencies marshals/higher management staff ensuring closure of gaps found in the security operations. Security evaluation and adherence basis operational / business requirements at site in on following parameters with proper record keeping during the audits : (Respective Unit manager shall be the reported by the respective Units Security. Safety lead shall perform evaluation on the following brief points during the audits and shall have sole decision maker in case of non-compliance of the security agency with respect to the expectations) o Securing the Property / assets and Inventory. o Employee / Visitor control. o Safety briefing to each visitors. o Periodic Safety drills. o 24x7 Vigilance o Emergency preparedness o Legal Compliance o Personal Hygiene o Entry / Exit Gate management o Record Keeping site/operations specific requirements Operational, Safety, Visitor, Log books, Occurrence, Incident recording Vehicle In/Out Prompt communication Documentation & reports Employee Attendance Replacement or New site security sourcing, negotiating and deployment within the project requirement timelines within the projected / required cost. Security agency short listing, finalization &Cost management with help, guidance and information along with HR department, for compensation, local compliance, basis Guard board Circulars, Minimum Wage Circulars, Local / State authority. Ensuring legal compliances on site with respect to security functions, with help and guidance of legal department. Pro-active approach ensuring full control over security function as per business requirements. Developmental Keep abreast of developments in the area Manage the team effectively by coaching, mentoring, provide periodic feedback and exposure to enhance learning Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills safety manager OSHA Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate, B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Radhakrishna Foodland Pvt. Ltd. Radhakrishna Foodland Pvt Ltd is a Supply Chain Solutions Specialist providing Warehousing, Transportation & Supply Chain services, majorly catering to the Food and FMCG sector. It has a pan India Presence with Corporate office in Thane. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details