TITLE: Escalation Executive / Mumbai / IT MNC

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Aeronube Technology !! This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us and if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of Permanent Employment with one of our IT MNC Clients. Type of Employment: Permanent What we are looking for:Escalation Executive People who are excited by technology and working with others to develop truly GREAT software. People willing to learn new skills and who are not tied to any one language, but who have developed their skills sufficiently to accept any challenge. People who are willing to take ownership, take responsibility and perform in a "first-class" way. Exp:- 3+ Years Job description: The purpose of the Executive Escalation is to resolve customer requests by providing exceptional service through advanced knowledge and advice on technical as well a billing issues. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 1. Customer Experience Demonstrates ownership of all customer contacts by personally ensuring that any action required is completed as promised in a simple, timely and responsive manner Ensures all oral and written communication, including email, consistently demonstrates a professional and friendly tone, maintaining faultless grammar and spelling standards (where applicable). Offers a solution-based approach to all customer interactions tailored to the needs of the individual customer with a focus on resolving customer queries on first contact. Uses initiative to find suitable solutions that benefit the customer and the business. Seeks to understand & responds to all customers with willingness and appropriate tone and language Seeks to educate the customer at every possible opportunity to empower them to self-care in future. Ensures follow-up action is taken when necessary and keeps the customer informed. Ensures own product, system, process and policy knowledge is current. Ensures that knowledge is shared amongst team members to provide exceptional customer service. Always looks for a solution that will benefit both the customer and the business that may be beyond the problem posed by the customer giving VTA (Value through Advice). Seeks to empower and educate L1 agents on common customer issues. Ensures availability to provide support and guidance to L1 agents. Takes ownership to resolve any escalated calls. 2. Operational Excellence Adheres to scheduled shifts, rostered start times, end times, break times and any scheduled activities. Is available to manage all customer interactions as rostered within parameters, inclusive of calls, emails and other tasks. Takes care to ensure own safety and health at work, and to avoid adversely affecting the safety or health of any other person at work. Escalates issues to the attention of management, including equipment failure. Captures all customer details and data relevant to the call or service intervention efficiently and accurately. Adheres to all Contact Centre Policies, Procedures, Codes of Conduct and legislative requirements Resolves all customer queries within agreed time frames Always provides feedback on issues that are driving customer dissatisfaction, along with suitable solutions, so that the root cause can be addressed by the business and the issue can be avoided in the future. Acts as a subject matter expert, providing coaching and guidance to team members who are less experienced. NP:Only 30 days Notice period will be considered Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile If you are interested for the above position then, kindly send us the following details (Mandatory) along with an Updated Resume / CV as soon as possible, so that we could process your profile for the same.Full Name: Skill: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Alternate contact number: DOB: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month:Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period:Current Company: Employment [Permanent/Contract]: If contract, please specify your primary company details with URL: Required Time to Join: Current Location: Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers: Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory):Passport: Wishing you all the very best. In case you might want to get in touch with us for better assistance, please feel free to email us at jobs@aeronube.com and we would be more than glad to help you. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: AERONUBE TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED Aeronube is a result driven specialist IT Organization with extensive sector knowledge and experience in IT Staffing / Managed services & Software Development providing end to end IT services and solutions to different Fortune 500 clients. In todayu2019s world, as business becomes more demanding, organizations need to re-engineer their IT Services & Solutions and need to be agile and flexible to meet ever-changing business expectations and that requires a broad-based and integrated capability u2013 not just in skills, but across capabilities, types of engagements and service delivery models. Innovative strategies, Technological expertise and a holistic approach to commitments is the key differentiator to Aeronubeu2019s Approach. rnrnOrdinary jobs can be a bit boring. We get that. But boring is not a word you would associate with Aeronube. No. Boring we are not.rnrnWe're a vibrant, innovative company with big ideas and a great vision: to fundamentally change the recruitment industry and make people feel good about recruitment.We're looking to grow quickly, and we're on the look out for dynamic, free-thinking professionals to join our team and help us achieve our goal(s). We offer competitive packages, opportunities for training and career development, and a chance to make a real difference in a fast-paced, meritocratic, performance-driven but fun environment. rnrnWith a highly qualified /skilled management and leadership team, we deploy innovative and effective search methodologies to meet our clientu2019s needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details