TITLE: Scm Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Oracle EBS SCM Functional Consultant Job Description: Urgent hiring for Oracle EBS - SCM Functional Consultant Experience: 7 - 9 years. Job Location: Gurgaon / Mumbai Working experience in Inventory, Purchasing, Order Management, Advanced pricing, ASCP, with at least 1 full cycle implementation and one in R12 upgrade. Resources should be either good in P2P or O2C (Must) Should have a dedicated domain experience in Supply Chain and Order management. India Localization Experience is preferred. Good Exp. on P2P O2C Cycle. Familiarity of the basic back end tables of the Oracle Order to Cash processes and the ability to understand SQL select statement Excellent working Knowledge of EBS 11i and in R12. Strong troubleshooting and issue resolution skills. Excellent communication customer interaction skills _7_ years to 9 years EBS, SCM, Oracle SCM, Oracle EBS - SCM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details