TITLE: DOT Net Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main Responsibilities: Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt it to new hardware, or to upgrade interfaces and improve performance. Advise customer about or perform maintenance of software system. Analyze information to determine, recommend, and plan installation of a new system or modification of an existing system. Consult with engineering team to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements, or resolve customer problems. Direct software programming and development of documentation. Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements. Confer with data processing or project managers to obtain information on limitations or capabilities for data processing projects. Consult with customers or other departments on project status, proposals, or technical issues, such as software system design or maintenance. Coordinate installation of software system. Prepare reports or correspondence concerning project specifications, activities, or status. Key Competencies required: *.Net Framework 3.5 / 4.0, ASP.NET,C#, SQL, ADO.NET, Web Service, Ajax, Java Script, and HTML. *Hands on experience in design methodologies. *In depth knowledge of OOPS and design pattern. *Good understanding of design principles Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Covacsis Technologies Pvt. Ltd Covacsis Technologies has conceptualized, designed and implemented a technology framework to optimize operational as well as financial efficiency of a factory in real time. Our technology combines IoT and the levers of Industry 4.0. Our advance analytics suite is tailor-made for manufacturing operations. Using machine learning and big data technologies, it offers highly dynamic decision making capabilities in real time. Covacsis is the first Indian company in this space, have partnered with entire manufacturing eco-system in Textile, Pharma, Cement, steel, Auto FMCG, Packaging, Chemical, renewable energy and many other sectors to help them derive more from their assets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details