TITLE: Copywriter

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: copywriter Location : Mumbai Exp. Required: 3+ Years Industry: Media (Radio Channel) Purpose of the Job: To develop concepts and write copies for the promos / commercial / shows. Role Description: Primary Responsibilities: * To write scripts for commercials based on the brief given by the clients / sales managers. This involves developing scripts based on the details and specifications of the client and also in sync with the brand proposition that would be playing at that time. * Write scripts / story boards for all promos, show promos, channel IDs etc based on the brief received from the PS * Develop and contribute to show concepts, show content, contests, promos, commercials etc based on the brief received from the PS, marketing team or the sales team Other Responsibilities: * The person in this position has to develop concepts for commercials, contests or any other sort of promos. This also has to be done according to the basic guidelines provided by the client or the programming supervisor. * Give content a humorous bend to content used by the RJs. Assist RJs in developing their show content as and when required * Filing and database maintenance of all production requisition forms * Maintain database of all scripts given to production and also keep time-check of receipt of brief, dispatch to production and time received from production * Dispatch either directly or through the concerned account manager, the produced spots / commercials to the client / agency *Dispatch scripts for translation / adaptation to the local market needs to copy writers in other centers *Translate and adapt copies received from other centers to be aired in the local center * Coordinate multi-location activities with respect to scripting and content Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Creative Role:Copywriter Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Ripples Consultancy Services From time to time, businesses hire people who end up not performing as per their expectations. Some just do not even measure up to do the task. This is why they turn to us to help them out. We not only find the best Talent for them, but also who can deliver business. Basically, we deliver the people business who make sure that the company objectives are meant at all costs. rnrnOur company has had its doors open since 2003 and all our success we owe to our clients. They have given us the opportunity to make sure that the business and working environment have only professionals. Today it is so easy to create a fraudulent CV and use it to get a job which you are really not qualified for. We first understand the clientu2019s needs and match that to our database that has a lot of qualified candidates ready to start working.rnrnBy the year 2007 we had already shown our clients that we can deliver the best services and always on time. This is why we have grown to be recognized by multinational companies who come to us looking for the perfect staff for them. We never discriminate when it comes to delivering our services. That is why we are popular among the big companies and also those that are just starting out. We are proud to be always chosen by companies who want to get the best people working for them. It is not just the companies that recognize our efforts. Even those job seekers that we have helped to secure jobs, always come back to thank us. rnrnBefore we match someone to a company, we make sure that it is a reputable company and our recruit will be treated well at the business environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details