TITLE: Customer Service Executives

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location - Thane (Kapurbawdi- GB Road) 5 Days Working with 2 days rotational week offs. 9 hour rotational Shift (DAY Shifts ONLY) Responsibilities- Select Service Advisor/ Relationship Manager Managing Post- Sales experience & Service Quality of Premium Members Involves understanding member requirements, developing his profile, &; searching accordingly for Jointly prospecting & short- listing matches for the member (basis schedule) Representing the member & connecting with desirable prospects Facilitating meetings with consented & relevant matches for the member Involves counseling the member & ensuring timely achievement of all milestones in the Partner Responsible for renewing existing memberships Generate Success Stories of Select customers suitable matches Search Process Requirements Familiarity with web technology and comfortable with the Internet Very strong verbal communication skills and at least average writing skills Clear diction and clarity in speech Extremely detail oriented and ability to organize Problem- solving Effective objection handling Prior experience in Customer service or Customer Facing job will be an added advantage Minimum Graduate Walkin Interviews From 26th Sept to 7th Oct (11am- 4pm) Interview and Job Location- People Intercative (I) Pvt Ltd, 1st Floor, MBC Center, Opp Cine Wonder Theatre, GB Road, Kapurbawdi, Thane (W) 400607. Meet- Aditya (HR) 9920758549 or send your cv's to aditya.p@peopleinteractive.in Currently looking for a Female who can speak Bengali.. Male candidate who can speak Gujarati. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: People Interactive (I) Pvt Ltd. At People Group our mission is to create, operate or invest in at least 100 of the top 1000 digitally led brands that will be created from India by 2025.Shaadi.com, part of Anupam Mittal promoted People Group, is one of India?s best known Internet brands & the world?s largest matrimonial service. It was founded with one simple objective ? to provide a superior matchmaking experience to Indians all over the world. The company pioneered online matrimonials when it launched in 1996 and continues to lead the exciting matrimony category for 17 years. The service has touched the lives of 30 million people globally and helped over 3.2 million people find their matches. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details