TITLE: Executive - CRM (loyalty Domain)

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate Pre-requisites The Candidate should possess a Computer Degree. Should have around 3 - 5 years with excellent knowledge of at least one programming Language (Java or DotNet). Should have high exposure to web services, html, css, java scripts etc. Should have worked in Windows with fluency in MS Office products usage. Should have involved in several projects in the previous role. Should have an analytical mindset and a keen eye for details. Excellent understanding of software design and programming principles. Should be having the ability to grasp things quickly and possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Should understand the requirements of users both comprehensively and exhaustively and driving the translation of user's complex business problems into innovative solutions. Should have an ability to analyze data, willingness to take challenge and work as part of Users and Vendors with excellent coordinating and effective Communication skills. Roles & Responsibility: Analyzing and working on the day to day incidents raised by Business, and providing the root causes and work-around based on the priorities and meeting the SLA s. Successfully managing the users expectations while meeting SLAs for all severity level. Attending customer calls and vendor call and directly interacting with the end users to resolve the issues. Providing time estimates for each release for the functional customizing and configurations. To handle the challenges related to Master data, Transactional data, Customer Segmentation & Target groups, Campaigns, Lead Management, Surveys and External List Management. Perform functional test scenarios in development and quality environments Coordination with Point of Sales (POS) Team as project activity and coordinate with them to get the work done. Perform unit and integration testing before launch Conduct functional and non-functional testing Troubleshoot and debug applications Evaluate existing applications to reprogram, update and add new features Develop technical documents and handbooks to accurately represent application design and code Close interaction with Business, IT and the Vendor teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills SAP CRM CRM SAP Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Computers, B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, BCA - Computers PG:MBA/PGDM - Information Technology, Systems, M.Tech - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Titan Company Ltd. The Manufacturers of India's leading watch brand and India's only national jewellery brand - using design, technology and people for unchallenged market leadership.Ã‚Â§ Joint Venture between India's most respected business organization - the Tata Group and the Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation (TIDCO), World's sixth largest manufacturer brand of watches and India's leading producer of watches under the Titan and Sonata brand names.Ã‚Â§ Product portfolio includes watches, clocks, accessories and jewellery, in both contemporary and traditional designs.Ã‚Â§ Exports watches to about 40 countries around the world with manufacturing facilities in Hosur, Dehradun, Goa and manufactures precious jewellery under the Tanishq brand name, making it India's only national jewellery brand.Ã‚Â§ Exports Tanishq jewellery to Europe, U.S.A., Middle East and Australia.Ã‚Â§ Extensive domestic distribution network, amongst the world's largest retail chain of exclusive retail showrooms called 'The World of Titan' with 164 showrooms and multibrand outlets named Time Zones with 144 outlets for watches.Ã‚Â§ Titan watches crossed 50 Million customers- an endorsement of customer delight.Ã‚Â§ The Tanishq Jewellery Division has 83 Tanishq boutiques. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details