TITLE: Powerpoint Specialist- for US Based Company- Financial Service- Mumbai

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi All, Greetings from LordiSystems Staffing Solutions Pvt Ltd !!! We are hiring for one of the leading US Based Financial Service Company in Mumbai location. Please find below details about the job description. Investment Banking Support Services, Presentations India Business Position - Presentation Specialist Location - Mumbai Brief Description: Provide high quality, real-time assistance in support of client projects. Responsible for word processing and formatting of documents such as proposals, financial statements and presentations, data entry and revisions incorporation in a variety of software and media. Ensure timely delivery of accurate output. Roles & Responsibilities Complete all assigned jobs as per committed time, in an accurate and client specific manner Develop or improve external client templates Perform special functions such as scanning, creation of electronic deliverable, template conversion and document production Raise any discrepancies in client supplied data with the Team Lead for appropriate client clarification Keep Team Lead proactively informed of any delay in delivering job over internal committed time Adhere to print security and physical access procedures Check on daily basis for feedback Ensure process adherence at all times Organization Structure Reports to the Team Leader and graded by Quality Assurance and Team Lead. Education: Graduate in any discipline Technical Qualification: MS Office proficiency and Certification in typing preferred Experience: 1 to 3 years experience in DTP, word processing, data entry or secretarial practice Knowledge and Skills Sets Good oral and written communication skills Advanced knowledge of MS Office Suite - Word, PowerPoint, Excel; working knowledge of Corel Draw, Adobe Acrobat and QuarkXPress will be an additional asset Excellent presentation and layout skills Adaptability / Flexibility Ownership and Initiative Ability to multi-task Accuracy, attention to detail and ability to proof own work Shifts: Open to work flexible schedule during day, night and weekend shifts If interested candidates please contact priya on 9035500060 or send an email to hr15@lordisystems.com Warm Regards, Priya Darshini B HR Executive Landline- 08045613309 Mobile Number: 9035500060 Email: hr15@lordisystems.com Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. "best in Industry" Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lordi Systems Staffing Solutions Pvt. Ltd Is a leading global financial services firm with assets of approximately $1.1 trillion and operations spanning over 50 countries. Headquartered in New York, Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details