TITLE: Senior Softeware Engg 2 - SIERRA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Require java J2EE resource in role of senior software developer for SIERRA Project with work experience of atleast 5 years. The Sierra Reference Data team is implementing a centralized instrument static data referential to provide information to systems globally , across Fixed Income. Sierra automates the creation and maintenance of instrument data , merging data from a range of external & internal sources (Bloomberg , Intex , various agencies , rating agencies etc). The Data is distributed globally to our major trading locations. A front-end monitors the activity of the system and facilitates enrichment of the data. Accuracy , quality & availability of the data are key drivers of the project. As a senior software developer , individual is responsible for Contribute with other developers to technical analysis , design , development and automated unit and acceptance testing Work with business analysts to turn user stories into working and tested system increments Contribute to iteration planning , by providing high and low level estimates Maintain consistency and quality of the code , and shared understanding of the system Contribute to the development of the system and the process at retrospectives. Support the system (including out of hours support , based on rota) Participate in the agile based project software life-cycle Work on tasks assigned independently and produce best fit deliverables Efficient communication with all stake holders Skills & Experience Required: Essential skills /Experience: Solid commercial experience of development with Java - J2SE Object Oriented Design RDBMS , ideally Oracle A previous experience of working with databases and writing SQL Automated unit and acceptance testing - ideally JMock Desirable skills /Experience: Agile - Extreme Programming An understanding of agile development practices and ideally relevant previous experience of working within an Agile /XP team. Web development Javascript Linux Hibernate FIT Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Require java J2EE resource in role of senior software developer for SIERRA Project with work experience of atleast 5 years. The Sierra Reference Data team is implementing a centralized instrument static data referential to provide information to systems globally , across Fixed Income. Sierra automates the creation and maintenance of instrument data , merging data from a range of external & internal sources (Bloomberg , Intex , various agencies , rating agencies etc). The Data is distributed globally to our major trading locations. A front-end monitors the activity of the system and facilitates enrichment of the data. Accuracy , quality & availability of the data are key drivers of the project. As a senior software developer , individual is responsible for Contribute with other developers to technical analysis , design , development and automated unit and acceptance testing Work with business analysts to turn user stories into working and tested system increments Contribute to iteration planning , by providing high and low level estimates Maintain consistency and quality of the code , and shared understanding of the system Contribute to the development of the system and the process at retrospectives. Support the system (including out of hours support , based on rota) Participate in the agile based project software life-cycle Work on tasks assigned independently and produce best fit deliverables Efficient communication with all stake holders Skills & Experience Required: Essential skills /Experience: Solid commercial experience of development with Java - J2SE Object Oriented Design RDBMS , ideally Oracle A previous experience of working with databases and writing SQL Automated unit and acceptance testing - ideally JMock Desirable skills /Experience: Agile - Extreme Programming An understanding of agile development practices and ideally relevant previous experience of working within an Agile /XP team. Web development Javascript Linux Hibernate FIT Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details