TITLE: ANGULARJS DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Mumbai, India Role: Description: Zedo India Pvt Ltd. is seeking a full time Front End Developer with strong experience in AngularJS with the following responsibilities and skills: Responsibilities: Delivering a complete front end application Ability to provide solutions for single page apps Understanding RESTful JSON APIs and interacting them from JavaScript Creating self - contained, reusable, and testable modules and components which extend the elements and modules of AngularJS Good at analytical skills What we want to see in the potential candidate: The candidate would be an enthusiastic developer with a strong understanding of JavaScript and web development technologies (AngularJS, HTML etc) You have to consistently deliver in a fast paced environment and should be more than willing to build software that people love to use Required Skills and Experience: At least 2 - 3 years of relevant industry experience Proficient with AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML and CSS (minimum 2 years) Would be at advantage if proficient with Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, OOPS, Grunt, Bower and Node Professional, precise communication skills Knowledge of AngularJS practices and commonly used grunt and bower modules based on extensive work experience Experience in JS Libraries ZEDO, Inc. ZEDO is a world leader in web and mobile advertising technology for publishers. We are the third largest ad serving company worldwide and have built out our platform over many years. Our vision as a company is to be the leading technology provider to premium digital publishers and to connect them directly to brand advertisers and their agencies. We provide the most modern cloud based Software as a Service (SaaS) ad platform to publishers.After a strategy refinement and heavy investment in technology, this platform now includes truly unique video and mobile ad formats that no one else offers. ZEDO pays publishers well to run these formats and lets publishers sell them directly. We are expanding the publisher acquisition team to manage the huge publisher interest that this has created.ZEDO runs ZINC, an exchange that allows brand advertisers to buy large video formats that reach a new audience. This new audience comprises over 100 million quality internet users who rarely see any of the pre - rolls that users of video sharing sites see. To apply for this post, please send us your resume to indiajobs@ZEDO.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Zedo (India) Pvt. Ltd. ZEDO, Inc. is a platform offering high impact formats. Known for technical innovation and ability to scale, ZEDO offers publishers products and services - including ad serving - and high impact formats with 99% viewable impressions. ZEDO also serves advertisers through ZINC, a suite of high impact formats including video and native ads on premium sites. Founded in 1999, ZEDO is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Seattle, and Phoenix, and development centers in Russia and India. As the largest independent ad server and the developer of high impact video formats for mobile devices, the company is distinguished by its global reach and technology leadership. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details