TITLE: Software Development Engineer - Server / Backend

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The platform engineering team designs builds and owns the systems to support the various applications, products, and services. We are a team of highly motivated individuals with a passion for solving large complex problems. We value an aptitude for research and a passion for learning. Together we are building one of the largest distributed computing platforms in the country. As a part of the engineering team you will be: building highly-scalable and secure payments platform primary owners of one or more components of the platform and will drive innovation in your area of ownership working with various product teams gathering requirements and adding capabilities working with some of the smartest people in the industry and will have ample opportunity to learn and grow using cutting-edge cryptography to secure payments beyond industry standards. deriving actionable insights by mining TBs of data. building low-level infrastructure that aims to push the boundaries of network performance. participating actively in recruitment and nurturing of engineers as awesome as you Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Requirement Gathering Software Development Desired Candidate Profile What do we look for?o Review and influence new evolving design, architecture, standards and methods with stability, maintainability and scale in mindo Identify patterns and provide solutions to class of problemso Research, evaluate and socialize new tools, technologies, and techniques to improve the value of the system o Be able to multi-task, prioritize and handle dependencies with minimal oversightFrom a technology perspective, you should have knowledge and/or experience in a reasonably sized subset of the following ( the more, the merrier!! )o Worked on one or more large scale java applications.o Good understanding of nuances of distributed systems, scalability, and availability.o Good knowledge of one or more relational and NoSQL databases and transactions.o Shrewd focus on latency and throughput of services.o In-depth understanding of concurrency, synchronization, NIO, memory allocation and GC.o Experience with IaaS clouds like AWS/Google Cloud, Azure, OpenStack etc..o Experience in working with Message Brokers and Application Containerso Great ability to mentor and train other team members.Bonus Pointso Clear understanding of the CAP theorem and its implications for real-world distributed systems.o Call me maybe is more than just a song for you.o You have studied distributed systems like Dynamo, HBase, various messaging and queuing systems and understand nuances of Time, Clocks, and Ordering of Events, rate control, load distribution.o You can smell fraud, transaction risks and abuse a mile away. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Zeta.in-Startup jobs Company Profile: Zeta is the newest portfolio company under the Directi umbrella - a prestigious tech conglomerate with a 17-year-long history and 25 software products in the market. The group has churned out successful mass market businesses like Media.net, Flock, Ringo, Riva, Radix, Skenzo and Codechef, without any external funding. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details