TITLE: Content Operations Associate - Leading Market Research Co

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a mobile platform that powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, their one of its kind process penetration software helps their clients effectively execute and monitor their action panning. With over 250 clients cutting across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, Middle East and Far East, they are the leading organization in their industry in India. Their vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly. Leading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them. As a Content Operations Associate, your responsibilities include, Provide Data uploading support on the inhouse ERP system Create form fields and upload necessary information in the inhouse ERP system Manage customer expectations at the technical and project management level. Continious development of business processes and software Participate in process planning and makes recommendations for improvements Coordinate tasks within the group and across functional areas Routinely acts independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,75,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Needs to be tech-savvyPerson should have experience in ERP/ CRM productsShould have excellent written and verbal skills in English.Experience in using Internet Technologies, Operating Systems, and ERP systems Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a mobile platform that powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, their one of its kind process penetration software helps their clients effectively execute and monitor their action panning. With over 250 clients cutting across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, Middle East and Far East, they are the leading organization in their industry in India. Their vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly. Leading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details