TITLE: Recruitment Coordinator- Bangalore

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Heres what you will do as part of the recruitment team: As a recruitment coordinator you will work closely with candidates, recruiters and stakeholders to support recruitment needs. You will: Manage the flow of candidates thorough the recruitment process, from scheduling interviews to bringing new employees on board. Manage onsite logistics during interviews, and ensuring a seamless overall experience for both the candidate and the internal employees. May be required to conduct tests, screening and preliminary interviewing of potential employees.Â Help in arranging travel for job candidates and act as a liaison between the foundation and the candidate. Respond quickly and effectively to urgent tasks, which you'll constantly need to prioritize. Represent the foundation at recruiting eventsÂ Maintain database and gather qualified job seekers contact information. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Screening Interviewing Database Maintenance Travel Arrangements HR and Recruitment Human Resource Recruiter NGO Bangalore karnataka bengaluru HR MBA Recruitment Recruitment coordinator Talent Acquisition human resource coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Skills and experience:A team player; adept at working with multiple people at any given time.Incredibly organized, with strong attention to detail.Able to connect and interact with different types of people, of varying degrees of seniority.An excellent communicator and is able to speak clearly and positively on the phone, over email, and in person.Â Desired experience: 1-3 years of work experience as recruitment coordinator.Should have be familiar with Microsoft Office.Any prior experience with PeopleSoft ERP will be an advantage.Proficiency in English and any other languages like Hindi/Tamil/Telegu/Kannada.Candidate should be open to travel & working on third party rolls. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Company Profile: Azim Premji Foundation Azim Premji Foundation is a not-for profit organization that has been working for more than a decade now towards making deep, large scale and institutionalized impact on the quality and equity of education in India, along with related development areas. Any large scale educational change requires significant and sustained effort over many decades and can only be achieved through working at multiple levels as well as on several areas simultaneously. The Foundation today works in 8 states and has institutes that are located at Karnataka (Bangalore, Yadgir, Mandya and Gulbarga), Rajasthan (Jaipur, Sirohi, Tonk, Barmer and Rajsamand), Uttarakhand (Dehradun, Uttarkashi, Udham Singh Nagar and Almora), Bihar (Patna), Chhattisgarh (Raipur and Dhamtari), Madhya Pradesh (Bhopal) and Puducherry. At many of the District Institutes, schools have been established for the specific purpose of demonstration. These schools provide quality free education to the local community, at costs and constraints similar to that of rural government schools. Over the next few years, the Foundation plans to have about 50 District Institutes, 30 schools and over 4000 employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details