TITLE: HR Business Partner with Reputed Gluco - Diabetic Care Organization

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are hiring for Reputed Gluco - Diabetic Care Organizatio n. Role: HR Business Partner, India Job location - Thane Job Description: Ensures/Supports the implementation and application of agreed upon HR directives, policies, processes, systems and programs. Provides strategic talent and organisational support to meet business growth requirement; through developing Talent Acquisition and Management strategies and actions together with business managers. Manages labour law/litigation in close collaboration with corporate legal/external labour lawyer to ensure adherence with applicable laws and Company rules. Executes compliance sanctions together with business leaders in coordination with corporate auditors, compliance and legal departments. Leads/Supports organizational changes and providing appropriate solutions to the business as required from the HR perspective. Supports business managers to implement performance management programs to build up high performance team. Counsels and supports business managers in the resolution of specific individual HR issues. Provides coaching and/or mentoring to business managers and employees. Leads/Supports compensation and benefits activities to ensure compliance with local legislation; alignment with global C&B philosophy and; relevant and competitive with market practices. Manages HR operations activities, excluding payroll and HRIS related matters. Supports as and when necessary implementation of global marketing, communication and business relevant processes. ÃŽ?Ãƒ?ÃƒÂ¢ Thanks & Regards Miss Veda Suryavanshi HR Consultant Adecco India Tel: 022 65340260 vedasampat.suryavanshi@ adecco.co.in (without space) adecco.co.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Working Experience/Competencies RequiredMinimum 8-10 years relevant and sound HR experience across HR disciplinesMinimum a Bachelor Degree in any disciplineExperience in handling compliance issues and employee relations matters; and be very familiar with Labor Law and local practicesExperience and/or knowledge in performance management and change management are importantHaving good compensation and benefits experience will be advantageousÂ Strong communicator and messaging skills with the ability to build long term partnerships with all levelsCan work independently and cope with ambiguityWilling to be hands-on in an individual contributor roleConfidence to manage difficult conversations internally and externallyAble to take a strong stand with management when required Company Profile: Adecco India Private Limited Reputed Gluco - Diabetic Care Organization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details