TITLE: Senior IOS Developer | Largest Online Wellness E-commerce Co

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is the largest beauty services market place in India.It is the fastest way of finding and booking appointments with the best of salons, spas, doctors and diagnostic centers. It has the largest and highly sticky network of salons and spas. Founded by IIT Bombay and IIT Kharagpur alumni in 2010, the company is based in Mumbai. Last year alone, the startup has had over 600,000 transactions, and with a new round of investment, they are poised for further growth. The firm is present in 5 cities with 6000 salons and spas and has launched its smartphone app, which enables users book appointments on the go. It has attained a category leadership position in a very short period and is the sole Marketplace in the Beauty Services category. After their Series B funding round, its looking at the next level of growth. As a Senior IOS Developer , your responsibilities include, Architect, design and develop for iOS Collaborate with the UX, Backend, Localization and QA teams Generate documentation detailing code, architecture and best practices Work with outside data sources and APIs Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Ability to write awesome code + algorithmsExcellent communication skillsProficient on iOS + Objective C (Desirable: Swift)Experience with XCodeSound on Object Oriented and Agile methodologiesAbility to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirementsExperience of leading small project teams and accountability for project deliveryFamiliarity with cloud message APIs and push notificationsExperience using RESTful APIs to integrate mobile applications to server side systemsProficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GitSolid understanding of the full mobile development life cycleExperience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuningA knack for benchmarking and optimization Education- UG: BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Computers PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Computers, MCA - Computers Company Profile: Unnati Our client, founded in 2009 by IIT, Bombay and IIT, Kharagpur alumni , is the fastest way of finding and booking appointments with the best of salons, spas, doctors and diagnostic centers. The platform empowers people to explore and find healthcare, salon and diagnostic centres across four cities, including Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai. It has a network of over 1,000 salons, 15,000 doctors and 5,000 diagnostic centres in the above cities. nIt aims to simplify healthcare by bridging the gap between healthcare service providers and consumers. Thereby facilitating consumers to avail the best healthcare facilities available.nIt is well funded by Orios Venture Partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details