TITLE: MS SCOM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Short Description MS SCOM - 5 to 8 Years - Mumbai Qualifications Job Responsibilities Primary Skill. MS SCCM Secondary Skill. MS SCOM Roles & Responsibilities Excellent experience in managing Windows Server and Active Directory 2003, 2003R2, 2008, 2008R2, 2012 and 2012R2. Pro - active Management. Install, configure, troubleshoot and monitor core services such as Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Group Policy, IIS, Clustering, Certificate Services, File and Print Services and Anti - Virus. Basic troubleshooting knowledge on Messaging, Remote deployment, Proxy Services. Good Experience on Server Hardware. Work on Incident, Changes and Problems. Create and document all actions, practices, procedures and processes. Communicate issue status to customers in accordance with defined SLAs Provide timely follow - up to user questions according to established SLA's Ensure adherence to best practice security controls and audits. A strong technical aptitude, strong problem solving skills. Details and Skills In depth knowledge in Windows Server and Active Directory 2003, 2003R2, 2008, 2008R2, 2012 and 2012R2. In depth knowledge in DNS, DHCP and file services. Experience in Active Directory implementation and migration. Experience in Active Directory Disaster Recovery. Experience in Windows Operating System refresh projects. Providing support during build and run phases of project. Good knowledge on backup and recovery and Server Patching process. Practical experience of Remote Desktop Services Cross Domain resource access Expertise / knowledge of latest Microsoft technologies like Windows Server 2012, Hyper - V and SCCM & SCOM Knowledge of Ticketing tool (any) Demonstrate good communication, negotiation, analytical, problem solving skills. Basic working knowledge of scripting Good knowledge of change management processes and ticketing applications Ability to give clear and consistent instructions to team members. Reasonable knowledge of current hardware and software technologies and its uses Task oriented, self - initiated and objective driven Able to work with minimum supervision as well as perform under pressure and meet tight deadlines Good and fluent Communication Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details