TITLE: Big Data Hadoop Developer / Sr. Developer - Gracenote, Mumbai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Overview If you are an experienced software engineer dreaming about building a big data profiling and analytics platform at scale on the public cloud, and learning how to derive value from data using data science methods please read on! We are using the latest open source big data technologies and deployed on AWS cloud. Team is comprised of engineers with experience building profiling and analytics algorithms, and taking to production cost-efficient big data platforms. Overall Responsibilities Writing well-designed Java code that performs well and is delivered on time Contributing to our analytics algorithms that run on MapReduce, Spark, Hive Assist in improving our data ingestion and processing infrastructure Contribute to and scale our APIs Developing JavaScript and Angular JS visualizations for the output from our analytics algorithms Proactively look for ways to make our software more reliable and scalable Qualifications & Key Skills B.E. / B.Tech / BCA / MCA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject. Should have completed a Big Data / Data Science certification course. 2+ years of professional experience in the IT service / product engineering industry. 2+ years experience in Java / BI development & 1+ year experience in Hadoop / Spark environments. Strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, design patterns, distributed systems and relational database concepts. Intermediate level proficiency in Java, JavaScript & RESTful APIs development. Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop (HDFS, YARN & MapReduce) and associated technologies - one or more of Hive, Pig, HBase, Sqoop, Flume, etc. Experience in working with RDBMS like Oracle / MS-SQL / MySQL. Ability to work in a team following an Agile development process & familiarity with revision control systems (Git, Perforce). Desired Skills / Good to have Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms viz. AWS (viz. EMR, EC2, S3 and the AWS CLI) or, Azure (HDInsight, Blob storage). Familiarity with large scale data processing and analytics technologies like Spark and its components - Streaming, SQL, MLLib. Familiarity with NoSQL engines like Cassandra, Elasticsearch / Solr. Working with cross-geographic teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Whats On India Media Pvt. Ltd Gracenote is the top provider of entertainment information, creating industry-leading databases of TV, movie, and music metadata for entertainment guides, applications and in car entertainment. Our technology serves billions of requests daily to hundreds of millions of devices around the world. Our customers include innovators like Apple, Twitter, Google, Spotify, M-GO and Hulu, top consumer electronics and cable companies, as well as leading automotive manufacturers such as Ford and Toyota, throughout the US and the world. Simply put, data provides you with an opportunity to impact the evolution of the entire entertainment industry.Gracenote touches hundreds of millions of music fans and TV viewers every day. We provide music and video content and technologies to the world's hottest entertainment products and brands. We define how the world connects with, discovers and enjoys digital entertainment on tomorrow's emerging platforms. Work with us on driving the industry standard for music recognition and supporting the largest database of music metadata in the world!Gracenote is building a team of entertainment information experts and data specialists who will support our music products and services. Your contributions to our team will help us increase content coverage in existing and emerging markets to give our customers a premium music metadata experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details