TITLE: Business Leader, MasterPass Wallet Product Management - APAC

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Who is MasterCard We are the global technology company behind the world s fastest payments processing network. We are a vehicle for commerce, a connection to financial systems for the previously excluded, a technology innovation lab, and the home of Priceless . We ensure every employee has the opportunity to be a part of something bigger and to change lives. We believe as our company grows, so should you. We believe in connecting everyone to endless, priceless possibilities. tJob Title Business Leader, MasterPass Wallet Product Management - APAC Job TitleProduct/ Business Leader, MasterPass Product ManagementOverview tThe Digital Payments organization is working to accelerate the transition from traditional card payments to digital payments tThe AP Digital Payments team will support the creation, execution, and management of the AP strategy and go-to-market plans for the Digital Payments OrganizationotHave you ever brought a product to market otHave you ever help manage an existing productotDo you keep up with emerging payments trendsotAre you comfortable working in a cross-functional environmentRoleThis role will be based in the MasterCard Mumbai/ Gurgaon office and will be part of the Digital Payments team.The ideal candidate will need to act as the CEO of the product / platform: tDeep understanding of customer/ consumer needs and behaviors to inform the development of product strategies tUnderstanding of competitive positioning of our products/ platforms and basis upon which MA products are differentiated tUnderstanding of all MC assets and capabilities, and develops/ delivers product value propositions that leverage all relevant assets tOwnership and accountability for delivering a superior customer/ consumer experience (E2E) tOwnership and management of all aspects of product / platform financials and performance tOwnership and management of the product/ platform operational quality tManagement of the product lifecycle and development roadmap, including full adherence to PME Principles tEnables the salesforce to increase sales effectiveness through product training, packaging and communications tDemonstrates ability to work collaboratively and effectively across functions and geographies to influence, and where appropriate direct, product pricing, product marketing, and channel/ distribution strategyAll About You: tBachelor s degree required, having an MBA is a plus tIn-depth experience with eCommerce and/ or mCommerce payments. tIn-depth understanding of web services and backend technical processes. tAn operational understanding of payments and MasterCard processes and technologies. tUnderstanding of MasterCard s sales process to traditional customers (banks) as well as merchant customers (merchants and technology partners). tAbility to mix technical knowledge with practical real world experience to bridge between business and technology. tExcellent oral and written communication, negotiation, project management and matrix-management skills are critical. tAbility to influence internal and external business partners tA proven track record providing product expertise and or training to both internal and external customers tBusiness Acumen with the ability to provide solutions that drive positive results to the customer and MasterCard tSelf-motivated with a proven track record of delivering success while operating within a team environment tEmbody the MCW leadership principles: demonstrate courage & resolution; encourage teamwork, integration, & inclusion; execute the global strategy; inspire & empower; operate with a sense of urgency. tEqual Opportunity Employer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: MasterCard Mastercard Incorporated or Mastercard Worldwide is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in the MasterCard International Global Headquarters, Purchase, New York, United States, in Westchester County. The Global Operations Headquarters is located in O'Fallon, Missouri, United States, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri. Throughout the world, its principal business is to process payments between the banks of merchants and the card issuing banks or credit unions of the purchasers who use the "Mastercard" brand debit and credit cards to make purchases. Mastercard Worldwide has been a publicly traded company since 2006. Prior to its initial public offering, MasterCard Worldwide was a cooperative owned by the more than 25,000 financial institutions that issue its branded cards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details