TITLE: Graduate Modeller

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The work will involve survey management , model build , verification and solution development using a variety of model packages. This is an opportunity for you as a talented , enthusiastic and self -motivated professional to develop your hydraulic modelling career , supporting our experienced team. In return Mott MacDonald offers the career opportunities and benefits that come from being part of a world -class 1.2 billion consultancy with 16 ,000 staff and a global reach spanning six continents. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile To apply you must have a strong interest and commitment to developing your career as a hydraulic modeller. You will have studied a hydrology , engineering , software , or math based degree. Previous experience of using water modelling software packages such as ISIS , MIKE , TUFLOW or Infoworks would be an advantage. To be successful you must demonstrate: - Very good written and verbal communication skills - Solid hydrology and hydraulics knowledge , numeracy and accuracy - Experience in the use of GIS - Systematic logical approach to problem solving - Able to work effectively with supervision and independently to meet client needs and deadlines - Able to liaise confidently with clients and colleagues Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Mott Mac Donald The Mott MacDonald Group is a multidisciplinary consultancy with headquarters in the United Kingdom. It provides engineering , management and development services internationally , with 16 ,000 staff in 150 countries.[2] Mott MacDonald is one of the largest employee -owned companies in the world.It was established in 1989 by the merger of Mott , Hay and Anderson with Sir M MacDonald & Partners. It has won more than 500 industry awards in the last five years and is among the top ranked firms in the annual league tables published by Engineering News Record and New Civil Engineer. [3] Projects completed by the firm include the Hong Kong International Airport and the Channel Tunne Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details