TITLE: Salesforce Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking to hire Salesforce Developer / Sr. Developer / Technical Lead with 2.5 8 years of exp in Chennai / Mumbai / Bangalore / Kolkata / Pune / Gurgaon location. Specification / Skills / Experience Atleast 2.5 year of Salesforce Implementation experience Minimum 2.5 years in Salesforce coding experience is must. 1 year of Integration experience on salesforce.com platform. Must have experience working on at least 4 implementations around sales, service cloud for large enterprises that involved significant customizations using the force.com platform. Deep and extensive knowledge, experience of force.com technical platform including apex, triggers, batch Apex, Visualforce etc. Knowledge of advanced visualforce components, Chatter API etc Extensive understanding of the Salesforce.com data model and how and when to create custom objects, junction objects, and other model items. Good knowledge of salesforce recommended best practice around design and development. Must possess at least Dev 401 certification. Extensive experience working in an onsite / offshore model. Solid understanding of Object Oriented development and design, experience in using design patterns and ability to write clean, well - refactored maintainable code. Deployment using complex enterprise Force.com release management and knowledge of Force.com Metadata API. Build integration and interfaces using SFDC Web Services API Experience configuring and customizing functional areas of the Sales Cloud In depth understanding of SFDC Profiles / Roles and Sharing Rules, Validation Rules, Tasks, Workflow rules, and Triggers, etc. Experience with the Salesforce.com APEX data loader, Salesforce.com web services API Location: Chennai / Mumbai / Bangalore / Kolkata / Pune / Gurgaon Experience: 2.5 8 years Primary Skills (Must have) Salesforce Developer / Sr. Developer / Technical Lead Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details