TITLE: Demand Manager / Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this OYO Rooms is Indias largest branded network of hotels founded by Ritesh Agarwal, Indias first graduate of the Thiel Fellowship, a program started by Paypal founder, Peter Thiel. OYO Rooms currently operates in over 160 locations including Delhi, Gurgaon, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chennai and Kolkata in India and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia. OYOs presence includes major metros, regional hubs, top leisure destinations, as well as pilgrimage towns.Â The person would be responsible for :- 1. Signing up agents and corporate across the region into the affiliate program. 2. Responsible to build and sustain TA base for distribution expansion for that region. 3. Review & maintain monthly sales tracker, plan and execute market site visits as agreed with Region. 4. Aggressively drive sales/ Achievement of targets. 5. Demand forecasting and analysis, pushing sales statically as per demand & supply. 6. Foster existing relationships and develop new ones. Location - Hyderabad / Bangalore / Chennai / Vijayawada / Kochi / Vizag /Â If interested please share your resume at arun.g@oyorooms.com Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A. +incentives Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills sales direct sales Corporate Sales enterprise sales corporate selling institutional sales corporate marketing sales marketing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: OYO Rooms, Oravel Stays Private Limited OYO Rooms is India's largest branded network of hotels. It now operates in more than 100 major business and travel destinations including Delhi NCR, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Goa, Pune & Manesar and more. OYO Rooms offers an unmatched proposition to its consumers at affordable prices that start at Rs. 999. OYO Rooms promises every customer a comfortable stay that includes an AC room, complimentary breakfast and wifi with 24*7 customer service support. Hotel owners that partner with OYO Rooms see a significant increase in occupancy levels and become a part of a brand that is recognized and loved nationwide. OYO Rooms has created a new paradigm in asset light marketplace models pioneered by the likes of Uber and Airbnb. This innovation coupled by sound execution has earned OYO Rooms several national and international accolades including TIE Lumis Business Excellence Awards, India International Travel Mart Award and Lufthansa ET Now Runaway to Success Award. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details