TITLE: PMO

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Currently we have positions open for PMO at Mumbai Loaction. Skill : PMO , Clarity tool Experience : 3 to 6 Years Location : Mumbai Roles / Responsibility / Skill / Specification : Main Responsibilities All the PMO Activities 1. Project Plan Set -up , maintenance and control 2. Project Reporting 3. Project Finance 4. Project Communication 5. Project Staffing /Resource Management 6. Project Administration 7. Portfolio & Project Analysis and Quality Process Data gathering and consolidation from the various stakeholders and analyze the same Create MIS / Operational Dashboards Assist in Preparation of PPTs / data points for review Coordinate and collaborate with various internal and external stakeholders Build / Maintain knowledge repository of best practices , tools , engagement highlights Status reporting , presentation and facilitation Generate portfolio and project specific metrics for analysis , internal audits and progress reports as appropriate to the top management Provide functional support for Capgemini Group tools (Clarity , TeamForge and N2K) to all European region Communicate with Engagement Managers , understand project requirement , analyze and propose solution Prepare and provide all the contractual reports Service Reports , HR Reports , Financial Reports , SLA /KPI Reports Competencies Required Very effective communication skills Verbal and written both. Excellent in MS Excel , Power Point and MS Project Knowledge of Project Management life cycle process Knowledge of UPM / PMP / PRINCE2 is an added advantage Must have worked on one of Project Management Tool Should have worked on Clarity and /or TeamForge or N2K Knowledge on Risk , issues and quality would be an advantage Should be able to provide functional solutions to the problems To be aware with Finance terms and reporting. Understands time reporting and invoicing in complete. Able to take care of staffing , Mobility , Travel and co -ordination and end client communication. Experience Profile Minimum 3years of experience in IT Minimum 3 years of experience in any of the above tools or Project Management experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details