TITLE: Executive, Facilities

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ownership of the day -to -day administration , including reports generation of the stocks tracker. Provide assistance to the FM and AFM in managing all administrative functions , security issues and facility services and any other administrative functions as deemed by client. Developing and implementing procedures and performance measures to ensure simplification and accuracy of work methods and reliability of FM Ensuring an adequate supply of consumables /materials and service for the proper operation of services and enter into supply and service contracts as approved by the client Maintain appropriate stock levels of all consumables to ensure smooth operations & escalate in time to achieve availability of stocks. Maintain appropriate levels of Petty cash to support FM operations. Vendor invoices processing aligned with Client finance process. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JLL JLL (NYSE: JLL) is a professional services and investment management firm offering specialized real estate services to clients seeking increased value by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. A Fortune 500 company with annual fee revenue of $5.2 billion and gross revenue of $6.0 billion, JLL has more than 280 corporate offices, operates in more than 80 countries and has a global workforce of more than 60,000. On behalf of its clients, the firm provides management and real estate outsourcing services for a property portfolio of 4.0 billion square feet, or 372 million square meters, and completed $138 billion in sales, acquisitions and finance transactions in 2015. Its investment management business, LaSalle Investment Management, has $59.1 billion of real estate assets under management. JLL is the brand name, and a registered trademark, of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details