TITLE: Producer & Sr. Producer

SKILLS: TV

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Making sales effective shows and building channel brand Value addition to process , multiplying factor to team capabilities Training juniors in the home shopping format Core competencies: Strong sales understanding of products with customer insight Strong process understanding Efficient work approach Understanding of television Interpersonal Skill: 1. Disposition to impart knowledge to team members 2. Clear communication and analytical skills 3. Self -motivated , with positive can -do approach 4. Passionate about enhancing customer value 5. Ability to work effectively with cross -functional teams Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: TV , Films , Production , Broadcasting Role Category:Production/Technical Role:TV Producer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Aspiration Aspiration , a specialized boutique Recruitment Agency , launched in 2002 has grown from 2 clients to over 100 and has earned a recognition of being a leading Agency for the Media / Entertainment / Advertising sectors enjoying long standing relationships with each one of our clients and candidates. Our Founder Sarabjeet Sachar's industry experience of over 3 decades , his outstanding connections within the Largest Media Corporate world & a personal commitment to first understand and then be understood , makes us stand out from the maze of consultants. And as our clients testify , our success is based on deep understanding of the domain and knowing the industry like the back of our hand. With a combined team experience of over 4 decades backed by conducting thousands of interviews , our expertise lies in separating the wheat from the chaff. No wonder we get the FIRST CALL from clients and candidates alike. We are the first and the only agency in theniche in India offering a holistic approach to a Job search. We offer services beyond Recruitment of developing a Power Resume , LinkedIn Profile Branding and Job Search Guidance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details