TITLE: Senior Manager Business Intelligence

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Manager - Business Intelligence Strategy - BFSI Job Description MBA from top tier university. 8 -10 years experience years overall experience in Data management and business intelligence and a minimum 5+years in building and leading a team consisting of data warehouse , reporting teams , information management and data analysis. Understanding of financial services especially of retail and commercial customer segments Experience of working in business operating roles within financial services will be a plus Designing , reporting and delivering simple business intelligence solutions , data management and warehousing , and the strategic use of information. Expertise in the fields of data quality , data profiling , data security and master data concepts. Expertise in using databases , data modeling tools and ETL tools. Experience managing complex BI projects , in alignment with corporate data governance activities. Creates and implements business information models that align with business strategy , and Business Intelligence and data road maps. Ability to work effectively and achieve results across internal functional areas and external parties in ambiguous situations. Multi -tasking skills Ability to manage senior stakeholders. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.B.A / B.M.S PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd Rinalytics - Executive Search & Research in Analytics and Risk Management is all we do. We serve ourselves as "Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients.Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing , and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem , hire interim management gurus , industry veterans to validate analytics strategy , get you to partner with best of B -Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details