TITLE: Sr. Test Engineer -

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Title Sr. Test Engineer Mandatory Requirement Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must have 5+yrs Experience in Testing Experience in Agile Methodology Job Description 1. Prepare Clarification document & Understand the Application under Test 2. Identify and understand Scope of work. 3. Prepare & review Scenarios , test conditions , test cases & scripts 4. Prepare test plan and strategy 5. Client Interaction and Issue Handling 6. Project Reporting to Stakeholders 7. Prepare Test Closure Report 8. Flexibility to adapt to different functional domain areas. 10. Strong documentation skills. 11: Basic knowledge of Linux Desired Skill Experienced working on any one Automation testing tool (qtp , selenium) Experienced working on Jira. ISTQB Certification Educational Qualification BE /BTECH(IT /CS) , BCA , MCA , MSC(IT /CS) Experience 5Yrs to 8yrs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Automation testing ,qtp , selenium Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Mindpool Technologies Pvt Ltd. With constant technological changes and a challenging and competitive environment, most of the companies find it difficult to cater their IT and project requirements effectively and meet projects deadlines only with the help of their internal staff and project team. Such companies feel the need for additional technical staff in a timely and cost effective manner in line with saving and controlling cost . In addition, they need not worry about the hiring and HR activities and can focus on their core job. We at MindPool Technologies, fit the bill perfectly as an ideal IT outsourcing partner to reduce the stress of our clients enabling them to focus on their projects without bothering about ever increasing project costs and employees lying idle, thus resulting in inefficiency in executing their projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details