TITLE: Software Development Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a smart, talented engineer with a strong technical background to join the Offer Comparison team and be part of the team to build highly scalable services. We deal with some of the biggest data sets at Amazon, running up against the tightest latency requirements to determine, compare, process and render offers. We optimize at the single digit millisecond level, supporting billion+ requests weekly. As a Software Development Engineer, you will be a significant contributor to the team as you build, scale, monitor, and optimize the next generation of services on Amazon that will allow 3rd Party Sellers to drive selection on Amazon. You will interface with several teams including retail, website technology, and operations. Our mission is to provide a world-class comparison shopping experience using scalable and robust software. Our challenges and opportunities span both the business and technical realms.A successful candidate will have an established background in developing highly scalable tier-1 customer-facing services, strong technical ability, excellent project management skills and great communication skills. BS degree or higher in Computer Science or related field 1+ years of industry experience with proven records of delivering products Proficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Java/C++ Proven ability to architect and operate large scale systems Strong business problem solving ability with a strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field Deep hands-on technical expertise in high scale, service-oriented architectures Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Experience with developing machine learning and natural language processing products Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Data Structures Algorithms Design Architecture HLD LLD Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon.com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon.com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee.com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www.amazon.in for shoppers in India. With www.amazon.in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details