TITLE: Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Planning and Budgeting on a Regional level: Delivering meaningful market , client and competitive intelligence , research and analysis as required to support the planning process and other Marketing & Business Development initiatives. Managing the implementation of Marketing & Business Development plans and budgets , regularly monitoring and reporting on progress. Creating and implementing integrated campaigns across the industry to help raise our profile and awareness among our key target audience and generate opportunities to meet potential clients. Develop and support the implementation of key initiatives in Advertising , Marketing & Business Development for the Region including various ATL & BTL initiatives Continually utilizing all offline and online advertising and marketing tools available to develop new ways to influence and attract target audience. Overseeing all aspects of Digital marketing including but not limited to , SEO , PPC marketing , ORM , Social Media marketing including day -to -day communications with Digital marketing team. Monthly , quarterly and yearly reports including performance improvement , marketing budgets and others as deemed necessary. Required Knowledge , Skills , and Abilities Â Demonstrated ability to lead team; build and motivate a team for greater performance & target achievement. Exceptional communication and rapport building skills. Excellent presentation , listening and consulting skills Exceptional writing skills. Learning and knowledge sharing skills Strong projectÂ management experience. Ability to adapt & conform to a constantly changing and growing business environment ExcellentÂ research skills. An ability toÂ meet deadlines and work well under pressure. Proficiency inÂ Microsoft Office (Word , Excel , PowerPoint). Â Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Advanced Hair Studio India Advanced Hair Studio has a powerful history of 45 years and an international reputation as the worlds biggest hair restoration company providing hair loss treatments and hair growth solutions for any type and stage of hair loss. With our unique combination of breakthrough technology , we are continuously improving to ensure the best and the most advanced hair treatment providing an outstanding service to our existing and future clients. This all has seen us grow into the worlds largest hair restoration company , with approximately 300 studios and alliances worldwide. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details