TITLE: Financial Analyst for Real Estate Industry - Sion

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgently requirement for Financial Analyst As well versed Real Estate industry Opening in Sion. Job Profile :- Functional Areas of Interest: Project/ Corporate Finance, Valuations, Feasibility, Financial Modeling, Business Plans. Raising finance from Banks/ FIs/ PEs for upcoming and ongoing projects (Have worked closely with and raised finance from large Private sector and PSU Banks/ FIs ) and undertake the following activities: Submission of proposal for finance to Banks which includes the projected cash flows, schedule of loan repayment, DSCR calculation, information of the Company like shareholding pattern, promoters contribution, KYC documents etc and any other information sought by the Bank to present the companies proposal to their sanctioning committee. All loan and security documentation. To comply with all pre and post disbursement conditions/ covenants/ milestones. Timely interest servicing and loan repayments Raised Lease Rent Discounting Loans (LRD) against leased properties mainly Malls. To approach PE funds for investments in the new projects proposed by the group. Preparing IMs, presentation on the new projects and business plans for investors. IRR, NPV calculations for appraisal of the investments. To report to investors/PE Funds who have invested in the projects at an SPV level. Preparation of monthly MIS of the projects for reporting to the investors. (Some of the major funds invested in the group projects are IL& FS India Real Estate Fund, HDFC PMS, GIC Singapore, Kotak India Real Estate Fund) Exit valuations for PE partners from the SPV. CTC :- Max 10 lacs per annum Interested Candidate call on 02241134424 / Mobile : 91+ 9930338401 or on the above mail ID. sheetal@jobsearchindia.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Job Profile :-Functional Areas of Interest: Project/ Corporate Finance, Valuations, Feasibility, Financial Modeling, Business Plans.Raising finance from Banks/ FIs/ PEs for upcoming and ongoing projects (Have worked closely with and raised finance from large Private sector and PSU Banks/ FIs ) and undertake the following activities:Submission of proposal for finance to Banks which includes the projected cash flows, schedule of loan repayment, DSCR calculation, information of the Company like shareholding pattern, promoters contribution, KYC documents etc and any other information sought by the Bank to present the companies proposal to their sanctioning committee.All loan and security documentation.To comply with all pre and post disbursement conditions/ covenants/ milestones.Timely interest servicing and loan repayments Raised Lease Rent Discounting Loans (LRD) against leased properties mainly Malls.To approach PE funds for investments in the new projects proposed by the group. Preparing IMs, presentation on the new projects and business plans for investors. IRR, NPV calculations for appraisal of the investments.To report to investors/PE Funds who have invested in the projects at an SPV level. Preparation of monthly MIS of the projects for reporting to the investors. (Some of the major funds invested in the group projects are IL& FS India Real Estate Fund, HDFC PMS, GIC Singapore, Kotak India Real Estate Fund)Exit valuations for PE partners from the SPV.CTC :- Max 10 lacs per annum Company Profile: Job Search This is Real Estate industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details