TITLE: Branch Manager - Nowfloats Technologies

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this OB RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensures the success of the city by achieving sales targets - individual, team and city targets. Spends 6-7 hours on the field. Mentors and helps the team to achieve/exceed their sales targets. Ensures daily/weekly/monthly reporting. Innovates with the team on new ways to approach in the market to strengthen the bottom line. Completely owns the city targets. Conducts all kinds of product/process training for any new recruits in the team and also conducts refreshers for the existing team. Becomes a consultant to the team as well as customers, by adopting a consultative selling approach. Team management. Generates own business leads, business planning/sales planning. Diligently manages the CRM and ensures the same for the team. Conducts daily team reviews, and reports the same. Ensures customer on-boarding process is fast and smooth. Owns and manages the customer life-cycle. Involves her/him in customer engagement and provides valuable feedback about the product and services. Leads and manages sales and operations to deliver optimum and time bound results. Adheres to the values and behavior of NowFloats. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Branch Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nowfloats Technologies Pvt Ltd Nowfloats Technologies Pvt LtdNowFloats is an Indian technology start-up founded by ex-Microsoft and Saatchi & Saatchi employees in early 2012.NowFloats was recognized by Business Today Magazine as one of the 16 Coolest Start-ups of 2014. It was also the recipient of the prestigious Microsoft BizSpark Award for the most innovative start-up (mobile category) in India in 2012. It was part of NASSCOM's Emerge 50 Program 2013, TechCrunch top 30, represented India at Start Tel Aviv, and was at the People's Stage at Dublin WebSummit 2013, and Best App Award'for @nowfloatsboost at Google's #thinkmobile 2014.Millions of businesses around the world don't have an online presence of their own and miss out on making their products and services discoverable online. NowFloats provides a simple solution for a business owner to come online through channels like a Smartphone app, Web and even SMS. Within a short span of two years NowFloats has 32,000 customers, and growing,across 52 countries.The NowFloats team comprises of young and driven professionals who constantly learn and evolve to perform better individually and in turn benefit the organization.With ample opportunities to showcase and implement one's ideas; crazy and dynamic are two words that describe its work culture best. NowFloats prides itself in having an open office and an equally open culture. NowFloats is a perfect avenue for anybody who is driven by creativity and passion to make a difference.Email ID: sneha.bazar@nowfloats.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details