TITLE: SAP Mm-immediate Joinee_mumbai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate Greetings from Bob Tech Solutions We have an urgent requirement for the post of SAP MM with one of our client in Mumbai Exp:7+yrs Location:Mumbai,Airoli NP:Immediate Jd: Total Experience: 7 to 10 years & ready to work in Support project & looking for immediate joinee. 5.2 Years of professional experience in SAP MM implementation and configuration activities. 3 to 4 Roll Outs and 2 Support Projects: Project Preparation, Business Blueprinting, Realization, Testing, Final Preparation, End-user Training, Go-Live and Production support. Proficient in Business Process Study, Gap Analysis, Requirement Design, Configuration, Testing & Quality processes and documentation. Enterprise Structure & Master Data Configuration: Extensively worked on Configuration of Enterprise Structure and Master Data including Material Master, Vendor Master, Quota Arrangement, Source List and Info Records. Purchasing Configuration: Worked on entire Procure-To-Pay cycle including PRs, RFQs, Outline Agreement, Purchase Order, Blanket Order, STO. Special Stock : Configuration for setting up handing special stock procurement like Consignment, Subcontracting, Third party and Project Stocks IM Configuration- Goods Receipt, Goods Issue, Stock Transfers, Subsequent Adjustment, Automatic Movements, Movement Types, Reservations, Material Documents, Physical Inventory documents and Physical Inventory Process. Proficiency in configuring MM/FI Integration Points including, Automatic and Manual Account Assignment. Invoice Verification Configuration: Invoice Verification, Maintain Variances, Invoice Reduction, Blocking and Releasing Blocked Invoices, Planned and Unplanned delivery costs. Good in building up Functional Requirement for developing clients customized reports. Good in on Data Migration and analysis from Legacy System to SAP R/3 using LSMW (Batch Input-Recording and Direct Input Methods). Experience in test plan Unit testing, Integration testing and training of End Users. . Regards Shinu Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bobtech Solutions Private Limited BOB Technologies is IT Services Company having its corporate office, development center at Bangalore and branch offices at Hyderabad and US operations in Irving, Texas. We primarily focus on Staff Augmentation and Software Services. BOB Technologies is built on the foundation and the approach of its Staffing Solutions and is an arena where our clients are provided with focused technological expertise, cost-effective and best of the breed solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details