TITLE: Trade Finance-team Lead--3-8yrs - Permanent -mumbai/kolkata

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from Skyonn Technologies Pvt. Ltd.!!! We have position of TEAM LEADER - TRADE FINANCE with one of our esteemed client in KOLKATA and MUMBAI. Candidates having experience in Trade Finance operations only from Banking domain (Import/Export, LC issuance, Document checking, & Letter of credit) eligible for this position. WORK LOCATION: Mumbai and Kolkata QUALIFICATION: -Graduates -Only Full time graduates eligible. preferably in Commerce Stream. Academically must have first class through out. (Through Open Universities/Correspondence need not apply). Experience: 3-8years Job Description: Preparing / Drafting end to end Trade Documents for Corporate clients (International Trade Finance- Export & Import) needs. Document Preparation will include preparing 1st and 3rd Party documents for LCs, Collections and Open Account. Key Responsibilities: - Vetting the LC received for the exporter / beneficiary to check if the LC is favourable to them - Preparing / Drafting the 1st party docuuments like Invoice, Packing List, Beneficiary Certificate etc as per the Contract / LC - Preparing / Drafting the 3rd party docuuments like Transport Documents (Bill of Lading/Airway Bill), Certificate of Origin, Inspection Certificate etc as per the Contract / LC - Liaising with Banks, Shipping Company/Freight Forwarder, Agents, Chambers of Commerce, Courier Company etc - Matching and Collating documents -Import LC documents checking. -Export LC documents checking. - Monitor Queue for incoming transactions and ensure they are processed promptly as per SLA - Responsible to prepare & monitor process related activity & transaction reports - Monitor pending transactions and ageing transactions to ensure documents are dispatched within the time frame - Ensure all transactions are processed as per procedures with complete accuracy Knowledge/Experience: Should have first class and above through out in his academics 0-2 years of experience in Trade Finance operations particularly in Document Checking Experience in preparing documents like Invoice, Transport Documents etc preferred Preferably Certified Documentary Credit Specialist (CDCS) / Certificate in International Trade & Finance (CITF) / Certificate in Trade Finance (CTF from IIBA) Competencies/Skills: Should have knowledge of various Trade Products like Letter of Credit, Documentary Collections, Open Account etc. Should have understanding of the underlying trade regulation - UCP600, ISBP and AML policies & Sanctions policies Strong communication skills (both written & oral) to communicate with internal and external clients Good Grasping ability, ability for logical and analytical thinking Ability to work effectively under pressure and complete the assigned task Fluency of English Language, needs to be from English Medium Schooling Ability to work in team Should have expertise in MS Office. Advanced knowledge in MS Office will be added advantage Should be open for staggered shifts and timing when required Should be flexible to relocate if required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Finance Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SKYONNTECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED www.skyonn.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details