TITLE: Area Sales Manager (2-5 Years) Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Area Sales Manager: Generating Leads Strategizing various In-School / After-School activities for revenue generation Giving Demo/conducting Workshops Handling all the documentation work until completion (signing up the contracts) Maintaining and reporting the schools status on daily basis Pre and Post visit reporting to the lined manager Assigned Schools data collation Maintain strong After Sale Relations with the customers Customers Profiling (Maintaining the Key Persons Blue Book) Qualification: Graduation/MBA Skills: Communication, Personality, convincing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Extramarks Education India Pvt Ltd Founded in 2007, Extramarks is leading the Education Technology sector in India by providing 360o education support to learners through new age digital education solutions. These solutions are used by schools in class room teaching to make the teaching-learning process easy and effective.Students are benefitted by access to these solutions at home to enable self-learning. Keeping pace with globalization and technology in education, Extramarks empowers young learners to step in with the latest technology and have anytime-anywhere access to quality learning. In a very short period, Extramarks has become extremely popular among schools and students.More than 8000 schools use digital learning solutions of Extramarks across India, Singapore, Kuwait, UAE, Qatar and South Africa.The school product of the company Extramarks Smart Learn Class uses learning modules mapped to the syllabi provided by various educational boards. These modules are based on a pedagogy specially developed by experienced educationists. The best of institutions in India and other countries use Extramarks Smart Learn Classes to impart education in class rooms.Extramarks Smart Study Pack - A product focused on home-work help can be used by students at own pace and space. It adopts a three pronged approach to meet the learning requirement of a student i.e. Learn, Practice and Test. It uses the same learning modules which the schools use to impart education in class rooms. It also provides ample opportunities to practice and test knowledge through a specially designed test center.Extramarks Smart Study Pack is also used by the schools for augmenting class room teaching. The use of Extramarks Smart Study Pack in the class room eliminates heavy school bags and note books. It allows the educator to control the teaching environment and enables to push assignments and tests to the students.Extramarks has been instrumental in mitigating burden of school bags through its bag less education campaign. Extramarks technology has successfully outdated the prevalent learning methods by developing technology enabled platforms that leave a stronger imprint on the young minds. The Bag-less learning thrives upon the concept of providing children a healthy environment. Bag-less education is facilitated through BYOD (bring your own device) wherein the whole books are consolidated and encapsulated into a device less than few kilograms in weight.A lot of schools have already embraced the Extramarks technology to remove bags from schools thereby adopting bag less classroom. Many of the schools and students are affirmative about its benefits and intend to register soon.Extramarks employs more than 1500+ employees directly and has 20 offices across India. Extramarks also has its offices in Singapore, South Africa, UAE. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details