TITLE: RPA Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We are looking for an consultant in the Automation and Integration team of RV Matrix Software Technologies. This Position will be required to work extensively on business process automation on RPA platforms in line with standard RPA principles Key Area of Responsibilities: Adapt with leading RPA tools such as Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UiPath and others. Understand the business process requirements and design. Work with business and technology teams to analyze and assess automation feasibility. Configure automation processes as per TDD. Develop codes to meet the defined design/solution approach. Ensure quality of coded components by performing end to end unit testing. Able to support and drive change management of existing processes as per new requirements using a structured change control process. Work with project leads on technology platform related issues and provide plausible suggestion for improvements. Education/Years of Experience: B.Tech with IT/Computer Science specialization or business degree with 1-4 years of professional services experience particularly in automation /integration projects. Scripting languages (e.g., python, perl, powershell, VBA , etc.) Microsoft Technology (VB .NET, Windows, Internet Explorer, SQL Server, Web Services) Hands-on experience of Process Automation across the life-cycle, using industry leading Robotics Automation products. Good understanding of Process Design documents, Technical Design documents in Automation space. Salary: Best in Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills RPA Blueprism UiPath automation anywhere Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: RVMatriX Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd. RVMatriX Software Technologies Pvt Ltd is a software development and solutions company that has been successfully in existence since 12 years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details