TITLE: GMIT PSnF Developer - NYBOSS - PCL B17 T013

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience Level 3 -5 years. GMIT .Net Developer & configuration management Duties and Responsibilities Configuring various test environments using SQL script , automated tools etc. and coordination with Onshore and various teams to provide required environment setup. Automating configuration and deployment process and maintaining documentation for same. Develop and maintain assigned projects in C# and MS SQL according to business specification and programming standards. Provide architecture design for the assigned projects to cover development , testing , & deployment. Follow the internal procedures and the guidelines during project life cycle Participate in execution of integration & user acceptance testing Coordinate w / Project Manager to communicate status and report issues to the Business & IT management. Qualifications & Required Skill Set 3 years experience in software development and system architecture with Microsoft technologies. Expert knowledge of C# and .Net Framework (4.0 and above) Experience with Microsoft SQL Server 2005 /2008 /2012 Working knowledge of Database design and SQL development is required. Some exposure to Capital Markets or the broader financial industry is a plus. Working Knowledge of SQL Server Change Data Capture (CDC) , Query Notifications (QN) and triggers is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with experience in creating technical documentation. Ability to work independently with Business Users /PMO; defining development requirements , managing technical aspects of User Acceptance Testing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details