TITLE: BRM Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Short Description BRM Consultant_2 to 4 Years_Mumbai Specification / Skills / Experience 2 - 3 Years experience in leading IT projects Serve as the relationship linkage between the business and IT along with Business Relationship Managers Provide highly - valued strategic consulting support and guidance Facilitate for the planning and initiation of efforts to enable the achievement of business objectives through the effective use of technology Good verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge and experience with Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) reference model. Knowledge on SharePoint administration, Contact Management and other CRM tools Required knowledge on Excel, Office 365 and PowerPoint, SQL Strong initiative, problem solving, priority setting, and collaboration skills. Good organizational and analytical skills. Exhibits a high level of initiative and integrity. Possess creative ability, credibility and self confidence Exhibits a high tolerance for change and ability to manage it effectively Effectively prioritize issues and projects Communicate ideas in both technical and business language Work independently with a strong sense of accountability Effectively interact with all levels of organization team Provides knowledge of business processes, IT technologies Consults with the business (as well as collaboration with IT) on project scope, assumptions, development progress and estimation. Ensure solutions aligned with and support architecture standards. Partner with architecture team if no standard exists Communicate customer issues / needs within IT. Engage on projects a process / business subject matter expert where needed Assist in training or rollout of standard solutions already in production Contribution in measuring post - project benefits realization Location: Mumbai Experience: 2 - 4 years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details