TITLE: Sap Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details SAP Business analyst Job Description: Job opening for the role of SAP Business analyst with a leading IT company. Criteria: Experience range 6+yrs Notice Period - 60 days Max. Job Location / Office Location - Mumbai At least 6+ years of experience with SAP application support and 5+ years of direct SAP FICO configuration. Graduate in Information Systems, Accounting, Finance, or a related field preferred Role: SAP BA with below experience 1) expert in General Ledger and have expertise in AP, AR and FA modules with a good understanding of SAP CO module and its components. . 2) Deep understanding of SAP CO, BW. 3) At least 3 Full end to end implementation experiences in a large SAP implementation preferably in a financial services industry. 4) Solid understanding of Accounting and Corporate Finance functions. _6 years to _12_years SAP ,FICO, CO,AP,AR ,FA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details