TITLE: Email Campaign Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job opening for Email Campaign Manager at Andheri East. Office Timing : 7.30 PM TO 4.30 AM ( Drop facilities till your residence) Working Days : Monday To Friday ( Saturday & Sunday off) Dinner shall be served at Office Please find below the job description for your kind perusal. Job Description Manage email marketing campaigns end -to -end , including conceptualization , planning , targeting , scheduling , set -up , testing , execution , reporting and optimization , reaching prospects & existing customers. Set -up of mailing infrastructure. Validate email functionality & appearance across browsers & platforms. Develop & maintain an email marketing calendar. Testing rendering across multiple email clients & ISPs (Outlook , Google , Hotmail , etc.). Use measurement tools and computer software to create mass email campaigns and monitor subscriptions according to spam regulations. Analytics & bench marking you will be responsible for tracking the success of email marketing activity & providing detailed reports of deliver -ability , list size and email engagement (open and click behavior) etc. Design , build and maintain social media presence Monitor Latest trends in social media tools , trends and apply that knowledge. Job Specification Minimum 4 years of experience in email marketing & Analytics Excellent understanding of email marketing concepts and metrics such as Sender Score , deliver ability , and sender reputation. Good understanding of database concepts and segmentation. Should be aware of email marketing formats /layouts /designs for Mobile , desktop & Tablet Experience of Google Analytics - goal setting , traffic source , and content analysis should all be familiar terms and can derive marketing effect on traffic. Knowledge of HTML /CSS /Photoshop is a must for being able to modify /design simple newsletters. Digital Marketing experience is a must Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Prism Manpower Services We, Prism Manpower Services, provide a wide range of Recruitment Solutions for various requirements. Located in Mumbai city of Maharashtra, the company was incepted in the year 2007. With an experience of serving industries like Insurance, Event Management etc, we are today recognized as a trustworthy Service Provider in Maharashtra. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details