TITLE: Full-stack Engineer at Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from ExpertEase.. !! If you.. Are looking to Work in " STARTUP " and Truly love working in a fast-paced,start-up and creative environment,dabble into new Web/Open Source technologies Consider yourself an enthusiastic, pro-active, dependable and collaborative team player with clear thinking and attention to detail ,innovative solutions to ambiguous problems, then that's the kind of people we are looking for Required Skill: SR. FULL-STACK ENGINEER Required Experience: 4-10 Years Required Location: Bangalore Required Notice Period: Immediate or 20 days. Job Description 4-6 years progressive experience in design and development of consumer internet product space Strong technical background with good understanding of product development life cycle Great understanding of Object-oriented design principles and design patterns Highly passionate and motivated individual with the drive to work and excel in a startup environment Location: Bangalore Core Skill Java, Javascript, jQuery, MongoDB, RESTful Services, Spring, Apache Tomcat, Spring MVC, HTML5 & CSS3, Java J2EE, Angular.JS, AWS/EC2/ELB/S3/DynamoDB, ElasticSearch If you are suitable for the above requirement please forward your updated resume to Email: sarayu@expertease.co.in Desk: 040-47473322 Whatsapp :9100033522 Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Javascript JQuery MongoDB Spring Mvc J2Ee Apache Tomcat Design Patterns Open Source Web Technologies FULL STACK ANGULAR JS Full - stack software developer software engineer software programmer programmer web developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ExpertEase Software (India) Private Limited Customers are on both sides of the table! Most of the time, companies focus on only one. We realised the value of connecting both sides, and our expertise now helps you to, do it with ease. In the ever changing dynamic and global software business, companies need an expert to address their needs and resolve the issues. Many a times it's a frustrating gap that exists, and even when it happens it would not have been easy to establish the right connect between the two. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details