TITLE: Prime Brokerage PrimeDB Developer-II

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Software Engineer - Java developer Reporting to: Manager Position Objectives Java, Spring, GWT , Webservice, Maven, Hibernate, Sybase, Middleware technologies , Sound knowledge in Securities Finance and money market products Position Responsibilities Developer requires someone with at least 4 years experience as a Developer, with the following objectives: Using JEE development environment, design a scalable and flexible application using JAVA, Spring, Hibernate and Web Services. Design and implement application data model using Sybase/ Oracle, along with performance tuning and optimization configuration. Interface, as necessary, with other IT teams in the delivery of requirements. Proactively manage issues and risks, and independently drive projects forward. Mandatory Requirements Skills Minimum 4 years experience in developing flexible, scalable and robust applications, supporting the financial services sector. Strong in Core Java, Spring, Hibernate. Strong SQL and database skills in Oracle and Sybase. Having prior experience in financial projects is a must. Should have good knowledge of financial products like bonds, stocks, derivatives. At least 1 project in the curriculum should cater to financial sector. Teamwork oriented, optionally multicultural or in an international environment Take initiative Strong Communication Skills Nice to have: GWT and Maven Experience. Experience in Prime Brokerage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Job Title: Software Engineer - Java developer Reporting to: Manager Position Objectives Java, Spring, GWT , Webservice, Maven, Hibernate, Sybase, Middleware technologies , Sound knowledge in Securities Finance and money market products Position Responsibilities Developer requires someone with at least 4 years experience as a Developer, with the following objectives: Using JEE development environment, design a scalable and flexible application using JAVA, Spring, Hibernate and Web Services. Design and implement application data model using Sybase/ Oracle, along with performance tuning and optimization configuration. Interface, as necessary, with other IT teams in the delivery of requirements. Proactively manage issues and risks, and independently drive projects forward. Mandatory Requirements Skills Minimum 4 years experience in developing flexible, scalable and robust applications, supporting the financial services sector. Strong in Core Java, Spring, Hibernate. Strong SQL and database skills in Oracle and Sybase. Having prior experience in financial projects is a must. Should have good knowledge of financial products like bonds, stocks, derivatives. At least 1 project in the curriculum should cater to financial sector. Teamwork oriented, optionally multicultural or in an international environment Take initiative Strong Communication Skills Nice to have: GWT and Maven Experience. Experience in Prime Brokerage. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details