TITLE: Sr. Executive - Analysis US Market

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Objective / Purpose of this role: Analyst and Forecast of US market for R&D Products. Key Result Areas / Work responsibilities: Competitive Landscape of various U.S. market products. Competitive Analysis of various markets. Creation of Reports & MIS. Follow up with internal stakeholders to speed up the activities. Inter departmental coordination Organising internal meeting. Required Educational qualification : B.Sc/B.Pharma/MBA Required Experience : 1 to 2 years in similar role Competencies: Analytical skills Good Microsoft Excel Knowledge Good Power Point presentation skill Communication Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alkem Laboratories Ltd We are a leading Indian pharmaceutical company with global operations, engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical and neutraceutical products. Established in 1973, we produce high-quality branded generics, generic drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and neutraceuticals, which we market in India and 55 countries internationally, primarily the United States. For fiscal year 2015, we were the fifth largest pharmaceutical company in India in terms of domestic sales . Our domestic business has grown at a CAGR of 17.6% from fiscal year 2011 to fiscal year 2015. We are the third-fastest growing company in terms of sales in this period among the ten largest pharmaceutical companies in the Indian domestic formulations market.We believe in recognizing and nurturing talent whilst providing them with all the opportunities to evolve as leaders who can contribute to the growth of the organisation. We have initiated a Management Trainee Program across various spectrums to identify and hire the right talent. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details