TITLE: Walkin @ HDFC Life for Senior Android Developer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Here is your chance to work with the country's best private life insurer. Walkin @ HDFC Life for a great career opportunity. We are hiring for Senior Android Developer . Job Description :- Should be able to decipher the business requirement into technical requirements, identify gaps in requirements, provide estimates, modify existing programs/ create new programs to satisfy the business requirement, test the application thoroughly and at the same time interact actively with the business users till project delivery. Developing reusable APIs & in standard and commonly used Android SDK frameworks. Strong understanding of MVC, Object Oriented development concepts & database design. Hands-on experiemce with Android application development Knowledge of end-to-end software development lifecycle & software development methodologies, e.g. waterfall, agile Experience in Mobile banking or E-commerce areas will be an added advantage. Hands on experience in mobile security REQUIRED CANDIDATE PROFILE:- 3-6 years of Android Apps development. Strong Java Programing Skills Android SDK API level 8 and above IDE Eclipse / Android Studio Knowledge of Phone Gap Native Android programming Interested candidates can walk-in as per the following details: Date of Interview: 13-Thu-2016 (Thursday) & 14-Oct-2016 (Friday). Timing: 10.00am to 12.00pm Contact Person: Jigisha Purohit Venue: - HDFC Life 12th Floor, Lodha Excelus, Apollo Mills Compound, N.M.Joshi Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai-11. Kindly carry any photo ID Proof and your updated resume. This is Mass Mailing Activity, Kindly ignore If not Suitable to your profile. Thanks and Regards, Jigisha Purohit Talent Acquisition Team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Std life HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. is one of India's leading private life insurance companies, which offers a range of individual and group insurance solutions. It is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC Ltd.), India's leading housing finance institution and The Standard Life Insurance Company, a leading provider of financial services from the United Kingdom. Both the promoters are well known for their ethical dealings and financial strength and are thus committed to being a long-term player in the life insurance industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details