TITLE: Manager Risk

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manager - Risk Analytics - BFSI Job Description Masters Degree in Finance /Statistics / Economics / Operations Research /Actuary or similar quantitative degree from Top Tier University. At least 8 year of total experience in a retail banking / small business lending analytical function , of which 3 -5 in -depth years experience in hands -on quantitative analysis statistical modelling. Excellent understanding of retail banking / small business / consumer finance products and business life -cycles (e.g. Credit risk , underwriting , portfolio management , Fraud , collections...) Hands -on experience in statistical modeling , mining data and understanding data patterns is an absolute necessary; and also min 3 -4yrs of experience in leading and managing teams. Strong communication and presentation skills. Ability to present data reports / analyses and statistics in a simple and clear way. Evidence of ability to persuade a wide range of colleagues. Consulting and solutioning acumen - ability to define business trade -offs , generate out -of -the -box solutions and manage uncertainty. Effective presentation and story boarding skills with ability to handle executive level presentations and discussions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd Rinalytics - Executive Search & Research in Analytics and Risk Management is all we do. We serve ourselves as "Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients.Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing , and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem , hire interim management gurus , industry veterans to validate analytics strategy , get you to partner with best of B -Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details