TITLE: Manager / Senior Manager UX Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Creating inspirational design and concepts. Managing team workflow Responsible for UI & UX , User efficiency , Planning flow , wireframe and execution of creative campaigns for Digital Platform Briefing , coordinating , supervising , guiding to get a desired output Coordinating with copy team , HTML team , Developers & QA Team To identify alternative design strategies , assess design viability and rapidly transform business requirements into a user interface design. Will be responsible for leading user -centered design activities such as gathering , validating , analyzing , and defining requirements , conducting user experience and information architecture activities , creating and planning interfaces , and contributing to the experience standards definition. Lead development of rich functional prototypes using white board brainstorming , mockups and interaction requirements while working with multiple clients Will apply evangelize and train others in best practices for user -cantered design and user research. Be a tech enthusiast Ability to fulfil , facilitates , or leads any or all UX /IA duties on a given project. Knowledge of User Interface Design , User Centred Design & Usability Production of clickable prototypes Strong conceptualization ability , strong visual communication ability , drawing skills and sketchbook technique Passion for technology and compelling user experiences Solid experience with User Interface workflow modelling Solid experience with Web Design and related technologies Ability to work well independently or within a team , especially cross -functional teams Ability to determine unique and creative solutions to problems within a rapid development environment. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Sportz Interactive Sportz Interactive has revolutionised the sport experience for fans across consumption points and geographies. If youve followed sport online in India , chances are , youve interacted with us! Hope you enjoyed it! We offer cutting -edge sports technology solutions , data , digital services and everything a sports fan would want to enhance the sport -viewing experience. While our matchcentres , data feeds and live scoring is part of the all leading publishers and portals , our digital services are creating immersive and engaging experiences across new media platforms. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details