TITLE: Manager Marketing Analytics

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manager - Marketing Analytics - BFSI Job Description Masters Degree in Finance /Statistics / Economics / Operations Research /Computer Sciences or similar quantitative degree from Top Tier University. 6 8 years in marketing analytics with min 3 -5yrs of experience in building and leading analytics teams to achieve business objectives. Experience with advanced analytic techniques , such as marketing mix , predictive modeling , multivariate regression , clustering , classification models and ROI measurement. Solid hypothesis -based problem solving skills and ability to multi -task Understanding of marketing as well as risk analytics will be a plus Exposure to financial services domain a must. Individual should have seen advanced analytics in Indian and global context. adeptness in using open source tools such As R Technical mastery in advanced database mining tools such as SAS , SPSS and SQL with the ability to coach and train others on best practice. Excellent collaboration and communication skills with a proven track record of working across all levels of the organization. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of organization. Exceptional ability to manage multiple projects in a fast -paced environment , with changing priorities and significant time pressure. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd Rinalytics - Executive Search & Research in Analytics and Risk Management is all we do. We serve ourselves as "Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients.Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing , and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem , hire interim management gurus , industry veterans to validate analytics strategy , get you to partner with best of B -Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details