TITLE: Inside Sales | Soft Skills Training Startup | Borivali-east

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Client is an Executive Education and Training firm specializing in the field of behavioural and soft skills. They partner with corporate organizations to drive their People Development initiatives and achieve the desired business outcome. Within 8 years of their existence, they have grown at an extremely rapid pace with a team of exceptionally committed and passionate people. They trained close to 55,000 professionals PAN India in the last financial year alone. They are one of the largest training partners for companies like HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Deloitte, Godrej, Mahindra & Mahindra, etc. Our Client seeks nothing less than excellence, be it in our training programs or the people who work with us. The media has covered Our Client's Training extensively over the years for being thought the leaders in the Soft skills and Behavioural space. They have published over 100 articles & columns, twice as many as other executive training company in India. Articles by their subject matter experts are featured frequently in some of Indias major publications. As a Inside Sales Executive, Your Key Responsibilities include: Source new sales opportunities through inbound lead follow-up and outbound cold calls and emails Understand Customer needs and requirements Route qualified opportunities to the appropriate Sales managers for further development and closure. Close sales and achieve monthly / quarterly quotas. Research accounts, identify key players and generate interest. Maintain and expand your database of prospects within your assigned territory. Contribute to the overall achievement of the team's revenue and nonrevenue targets Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Proven Inside Sales Experience.Track record of over-achieving quota.Strong phone presence and experience of dialing dozens of calls per day.Comfortable at working on MS Excel & MS Word.Excellent verbal and written communications skills.Strong listening and presentation skills.Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively.Prior experience in BPO / inside sales / Calling preferred Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our Client is an Executive Education and Training Firm. Through their customized training programs, Our Client help companies develop people capabilities to meet their Business Objective. In partnership with their clients, they design and deliver programs that bring tremendous growth and change amongst executives while constantly keeping an eye on the organizational goals. Their job as a training company is to help their clients execute their strategy over short, medium and long term. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details