TITLE: Associate - JAVA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Vacancy Title: Developer Grade: Associate Department Name: Group Technology & Operations. Job Location: Pune Deutsche Bank A Passion to Perform. It s what drives us. More than a claim, this describes the way we do business. We re committed to being the best financial services provider in the world, balancing passion with precision to deliver superior solutions for our clients. This is made possible by our people: agile minds, able to see beyond the obvious and act effectively in an ever - changing global business landscape. As you ll discover, our culture supports this. Diverse, international and shaped by a variety of different perspectives, we re driven by a shared sense of purpose. At every level agile thinking is nurtured. And at every level agile minds are rewarded with competitive pay, support and opportunities to excel. Brief Description of the Organization The Client Implementation System developer will develop high quality and high performance software in the client administration and reference data space for Deutsche Bank s Global Transaction Bank. This role will require the capability of developing highly complex distributed systems across a range of technologies Overview: Global Transaction Banking: Client Administration, Reference Data Areas of Specialty: Software Development: Develops and delivers software to meet a technical solution Responsibilities: Responsibilities / Tasks: Prepares detailed software design for delivering business requirements Writes high quality and high performance software that matches software design and business requirements Ensures software development best practises are followed Perform code reviews Ensures the full software development lifecycle is followed Background / Work Experience Required: Expertise in J2EE technologies - emphasis on Spring Beans, Struts and aspect oriented programming Expertise in high performance SQL data access Expertise in the latest responsive UI technologies - AJAX. HTML5, GWT Ability to work in a fast paced environment. Passion about sharing knowledge and best practices. Ability to work in virtual teams and in matrixed organizations. Fluent English (written / verbal). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: DBOI Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Deutsche Bank Operations International (DBOI) Global Services, a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank, is the bank's global processing arm. Established with the purpose of building a world- class operating infrastructure for Deutsche Bank's global businesses, DBOI Global Services is an integrated network of six processing centers of excellence in the UK, USA, India and Philippines, delivering 24/ 7 support for the bank and its clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details