TITLE: SCCM Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Location: Mumbai & Chennai. Experience: - 4- 8 Years, L2 level resource expertise is expected out of resource for this position JD: - - Minimum 4 year SCCM 2007/ 2012 SCCM - Migrations experience is must - Windows 2003 Server (Active Directory) - Windows 10 Experience (Desirable) - Software Update management through SCCM (Desirable) - Experience with Change Management processes - 1 year LANDesk (desirable) - Creating SCCM 2012 / LANDesk package advertisements - Replicating to Distribution Points - Deploying to Workstations - Trouble shooting deployments, replication, SCCM 2012 LanDesk client with assistance from Senior Software Deployment - General Housekeeping tasks - Use of SCCM 2012 / LANDesk logs for troubleshooting deployments - Reporting - Critical Security Patches etc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd About Us The power of us at Arminus emerges from a position of collective empowerment. So while each one of us can make a difference, an individual?s feat of accomplishment is truly a product of team work. The us in Arminus, derives its core strength by evolving every team member to a state of the institution, because the ?Power of us? is the power to change. Arminus Software Pvt. Limited is a global company providing IT consulting and software development services in diverse application areas. We provide enterprise wide solutions to help an organization gain competitive edge by integrating all business processes and optimizing the resources available. Our focus and mission is to drive our clients' revenues and profitability by providing product development, maintenance services, Staff augmentation through the engagement model which suits them the best. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details