TITLE: Salesforce Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking to hire Salesforce Solution Architect with 10 12 years of exp in Chennai / Mumbai / Bangalore / Kolkata / Pune / Gurgaon location. Specification / Skills / Experience Responsibilities 1. The Solution Architect is a key member of the Salesforce.com technical pre-sales team and is responsible for the overall design of the application and mapping client business requirements to systems/technical requirements. The Solution Architect works as a team member along with the Engagement Manager, Account Executive, and supporting team members to deliver the complete solution for the customer. 2. Design solutions in accordance to best practices and based on business requirements, and consulting with technical teams through the build, test and deployment of the solution as needed. 3. Produce a detailed functional specification document to match customer requirements. 4. Work with Sales and Delivery teams to lead the development of solution strategies and articulating solution designs for pursuits/engagements leveraging the full capability of the Force.com platform as well as integration with other systems in targeted client environments. 5. Understand and apply trends and changes in Force.com and other Saas CRM technology into our solutions. 6. Identify and document boundaries, constraints, risks and assumptions to clarify solution details and labor estimates where business requirement lack sufficient clarity. 7. Transition the proposed solutions from the sales process to delivery such that the delivery teams understand and can carry out the design as articulated. 8. Create integration and development project plans and designs 9. Perform detailed analysis of business and technical requirements and provide timelines. 10. Write technical approach and design documentation. 11. Provide subject matter expertise, technical guidance and best practices in all aspects of Salesforce.com (Force.com, Sales & Marketing clouds, both code and configuration). 12. Provide data architecture and single source of truth strategy. Experience 1. Overall 8 years of IT experience 1. Overall 12 years 2. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 3. Sales Cloud or Service Cloud certification (preferably both) 4. Advanced Developer certification will be an added advantage 5. Atleast 4 years experience with salesforce.com configuration and custom development 6. Very strong communication & language skills 7. Experience with Apex and Visualforce 8. Experience in data loads 9. Experience in integrating SFDC with SAP, Oracle, and/or Microsoft Dynamics 10. Experience using at least one of the following middleware tools: Jitterbit, Dell Boomi, Informatica, or SAP PI. 11. Expert knowledge of Salesforce Platform Governor Limits and the design trade offs between configuration and custom code 12. Expert knowledge of the different types of Salesforce.com licenses (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Salesforce1 Platform, etc.) 13. Knowledge of web services and other technologies that can be used to transport data in an enterprise environment and interact with Salesforce.com 14. Experience in defining systems strategy and requirements, designing and prototyping, planning testing, and supporting training efforts 15. Technical leadership, setting best practices including integration and application development, deployment, testing (unit and systems), and iterative refinement. 16. Experience on Salesforce1, Salesforce mobile, Salesforce Lightning will be an added advantage. Location: Chennai / Mumbai / Bangalore / Kolkata / Pune / Gurgaon Experience: 10 12 years Primary Skills (Must have) Salesforce Architec Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details