TITLE: Tech Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. They are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates and external users and developers. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely). You will communicate with developers and customers through conceptual documentation, detailed developer guides, code samples, API references, and other online materials. You might have a background as a developer, and write as a hobby; or perhaps you're an experienced communicator who loves digging deep into code. One thing is for certain - you are passionate about helping developers do amazing things. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills Technical Writing Tech Writer Desired Candidate Profile Responsibilitieso Write technical documentation for our developer audience, such as API reference docs and developer guides.o Design and organize documentation sets for new APIs and developer products.o Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills.o Manage complex documentation projects.Minimum Qualificationso BA/B.Sc degree or equivalent practical experience.o 2 years of relevant experience, such as technical writing, product documentation, or online publishing including experience with writing technical customer-facing materials.o Experience with source code written in Java and/or JavaScript.Preferred Qualificationso Experience researching and writing excellent documentation for developers (APIs, SDKs, web technologies).o Proficiency with HTML and CSS.o Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment. Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Zeta.in-Startup jobs Company Profile: Zeta is the newest portfolio company under the Directi umbrella - a prestigious tech conglomerate with a 17-year-long history and 25 software products in the market. The group has churned out successful mass market businesses like Media.net, Flock, Ringo, Riva, Radix, Skenzo and Codechef, without any external funding. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details