TITLE: Area Sales Manager in Diagnostics Industry

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Locations: -All over India You will be promoting high quality; reliable products, to labs and hospitals in your area. You will be responsible for Achieving the assigned sales budgets, initiate cold calls to find prospects within assigned territory; convert the leads in timely and profitable manner. Building strong positive relationship with customer and monitoring customer profile and new developments to ensure retention of current sales. Developing and managing channel partners. Making New installation and ensuring compliance of reagent rental contacts and Adding new assay in current installations. Ensuring timely collections. Providing timely service back up to customers. This job requires extensive travel Candidate Profile:- Graduation or post graduation in Biotechnology, Microbiology, Biochemistry or life Science. 2- 8 years experience in medical diagnostic sales. An understanding of the medical diagnostic market in your area. Experience and knowledge of immunodiagnostics is an added advantage Excellent Communication and strong interpersonal skills. Customer Relationship building and negotiations skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IMMUNOSHOP We are a 14-year-old successful organization with excellent product ranges. Immunoshop has a leading market position in Immunoassay market in India. We represent some of leading global manufacturers exclusively in India. We are also manufacturing rapid and Elisa kits.We believe in high performance and fast-track careers. For people with high energy and focus on the job, sky is the limit.Join established market leader in the Immunoassay to build an enriching, happy and fast growing career. For more information visit www.immunoshop.com/careers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details