TITLE: Regional Manager - Client Acquisition

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary: Monitoring and analysis of key data of the region allocated including sales figures, sales personnel, productivity ratios, clients work status and receivables. Accurately forecasts weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly revenue streams. Identifying the opportunity & problem areas, preparing the action plan for achieving the key sales figures and presenting the Branch Sales reports. Actively driving and ensuring sale target achievement, management of sales support function and timely work completion of customers. Recruit, develop & ensure Retention of respective team by formulating their development plans, meeting their training needs and communicating with them on a regular basis. Record performance metrics and monitoring key parameters to increase the overall productivity of the sales personnel. Drive performance incentive structure and sales promotion schemes. Collecting market feedback and provide periodic updates to the management for formulation of policy & strategy. To penetrate all targeted accounts and originate sales opportunities for the companys products and services. To set up and deliver sales presentations, product/service demonstrations on daily basis with his/her team. To ensure systematic follow-up with the client organizations to take the sales pitch to time-bound closure. To ensure that all payments are collected as per the companys payment terms. Ensure adherence to sales processes and requirements. Conduct performance review for his/her team on regular basis. Knowledge: Knowledge and application of sales techniques such as: Rapport building, selling on emotion, building value in the product, and closing the sale. Keen understanding of the business and technical contexts in which key accounts are situated. Business advisor to your customers. Skills: Quick thinking and problem solving skills Excellent verbal communication skills Excellent active listening skills Innovative vision and foresight to anticipate and create new opportunities that resonate with your customer. Have strong team building & team management ability, leadership ability and persuasive communication skills to inspire the team. Must be process oriented, IT savvy & proficient in the use of Microsoft Office/ Open Office Tools. Basic understanding of concept selling and in depth understanding of direct selling. Attitude & Behavior: Aggressive self-starter who inspires a diverse team Positive and enthusiastic attitude Handles Rejection well Customer focus and result oriented approach Salary:INR 9,50,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Desired Candidate Profile Experience:5 - 7 years of relevant sales experience with 4+ years of team handling experience.Preferably an experience in direct marketing/ Space selling/ Banking / Insurance/ Services organization. Should have managed at least a team of 50 sales professionals having 2-3 layers of hierarchy at least once. At-least 1+ years of experience in managing a Region within a successful Direct marketing/ Space selling/ Banking / Insurance/ Services organization.Â Qualification:MBA or any Equivalent Degree Company Profile: IndiaMART InterMESH Ltd About the company:IndiaMART is India's largest online marketplace, connecting buyers with suppliers. The online channel focuses on providing a platform to SMEs, large enterprises as well as individuals.Founded in 1996, the company's mission is 'to make doing business easy'.2.6 Crore Buyers | 22 Lakh Suppliers | 3.3 Crore ProductsIndiaMART for Buyers- Convenience of connecting with sellers anytime, anywhere- Wider marketplace with a range of products and suppliers- One-stop- shop for all requirementsIndiaMART for Suppliers- Enhanced business visibility- Access to buyers from across the globe- Increased credibility for your brandIndiaMART has over 3600 employees located across 65+ offices in the country, and with customers spanning across 200 nations. Its existing investors include Intel Capital, Amadeus Capital, WestBridge Capital & Quona Capital. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details