TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of Job: Take an active part in the Software Design and Engineering team activities associated into Release Management and QA applications. A good understanding of the SDLC is required and experience in Financial Domain would be a plus. The candidate will be working on areas covering Configuration Management, Release and Deployment management, and Test Environment coverage. Along with supporting the CM functions he/ she will get a chance work along with DevOps team with in the domain which hold the opportunity to explore Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment topics. Technology environment : Server OS - Windows / Unix platforms Database - ORACLE/ Sybase/ SQL Server Development languages - C , Java, C# Scripting languages - Maven, OOPs Python, Ant, Nant, Shell Issue Tracker JIRA Application/ web server Tomcat apache, JBoss Code Repository SVN, GIT Continuous Integration Team City, Jenkins, Hudson, Nexus Opportunity: The role gives the opportunity to learn, and gain exposure to configuration functions, and controls. Participation in the continued Release, Support and Configuration management of a successful, growing and high profile global set of applications. Exposure to all financial areas and the full Project Life Cycle. Essential skills Minimum 4 years of IT experience Worked in a team of DevOps, or Configuration Management Essential to have hands on experience into Release Management for critical applications to the business. Involved into designing the configuration management plan for the application. Should have proven experience writing scripts (any language) for automation of build and deploy activities Manage and troubleshooting test environments at L3 level. Understand the database concepts well and SQL queries. Good knowledge on Application/ Web server. Desirable skills Proactive and highly organized, with strong time management and planning skills Able to provide appropriate technical solutions to business related problems. Bright, highly self-motivated and driven Able to meet tight deadlines and remain calm under pressure Ability to solve problems quickly and completely Ability to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic work environment Freely share knowledge, insight, best practice and ideas Reliable, flexible and cooperative Team spirited. / Self-motivated. Good technical skills. / Good communication. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Purpose of Job: Take an active part in the Software Design and Engineering team activities associated into Release Management and QA applications. A good understanding of the SDLC is required and experience in Financial Domain would be a plus. The candidate will be working on areas covering Configuration Management, Release and Deployment management, and Test Environment coverage. Along with supporting the CM functions he/ she will get a chance work along with DevOps team with in the domain which hold the opportunity to explore Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment topics. Technology environment : Server OS - Windows / Unix platforms Database - ORACLE/ Sybase/ SQL Server Development languages - C , Java, C# Scripting languages - Maven, OOPs Python, Ant, Nant, Shell Issue Tracker JIRA Application/ web server Tomcat apache, JBoss Code Repository SVN, GIT Continuous Integration Team City, Jenkins, Hudson, Nexus Opportunity: The role gives the opportunity to learn, and gain exposure to configuration functions, and controls. Participation in the continued Release, Support and Configuration management of a successful, growing and high profile global set of applications. Exposure to all financial areas and the full Project Life Cycle. Essential skills Minimum 4 years of IT experience Worked in a team of DevOps, or Configuration Management Essential to have hands on experience into Release Management for critical applications to the business. Involved into designing the configuration management plan for the application. Should have proven experience writing scripts (any language) for automation of build and deploy activities Manage and troubleshooting test environments at L3 level. Understand the database concepts well and SQL queries. Good knowledge on Application/ Web server. Desirable skills Proactive and highly organized, with strong time management and planning skills Able to provide appropriate technical solutions to business related problems. Bright, highly self-motivated and driven Able to meet tight deadlines and remain calm under pressure Ability to solve problems quickly and completely Ability to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic work environment Freely share knowledge, insight, best practice and ideas Reliable, flexible and cooperative Team spirited. / Self-motivated. Good technical skills. / Good communication. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details