TITLE: Deputy General Manager Sales Ip Telephony & Unified Communications

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Selling Solutions Like (Nec, Avaya, Voice- Video, Data Networking, Unified Communications, Ip Telephony, Hp, Aruba, Electronic Security Solutions, Video Conferencing, Audio Visual System Integration) Position Deputy General Manager Sales Ip Telephony & Unified Communications Objective Developing The Uc Business In Target Vertical (As In Hospitality/ Bfsi/ It, Ites/ Govt Etc) By Implementing Suitable Vertical Strategy And Achieve The Targeted Numbers From Major Accounts In Respective Verticals Job Description : Extensive Experience In Developing Funnel And Selling Uc (Including Voice, Video, Conferencing)Solutions Independently. Understanding Of Major Competitive Offerings In The Market Including Avaya, Nec, Cisco, Unify, Alacatel-Lucent Etc. Existing Relationships With Key Decision Makers Within Prospect Organizations For Communicationsolutions. Capable Of Independently Handling Techno-Commercial Aspects When Handling An Opportunity. Meeting And Exceeding Set Sales Quotas While Adhering To Company S Sales Rules Of Engagement. Manage Close Relationship With Oem Account Managers In The Region Of Operation. Communicate Masterfully With Customers On New Products And Service Offerings. Work With Marketing To Drive Programs And Events To Extend The Relationships To New Prospects. Continually Learning About New Products And Improving Selling Skills. Demonstrating And Leveraging Industry Knowledge To Improve Business Providing Weekly Reporting Of Pipeline And Forecast. Keeping Abreast Of Competition, Competitive Issues And Products. Preparing Written Presentations, Reports, And Price Quotations. Conducting Contract Negotiations Independently Profile: Candidates Should Be B.E (Electronics & Telecommunication) 8-12 Years Minimum Experience In Uc & Collaboration Sales Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Prism Manpower Services We, Prism Manpower Services, provide a wide range of Recruitment Solutions for various requirements. Located in Mumbai city of Maharashtra, the company was incepted in the year 2007. With an experience of serving industries like Insurance, Event Management etc, we are today recognized as a trustworthy Service Provider in Maharashtra. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details