TITLE: PTC (parametric Technology Corporation)-

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role : Software Developer Role Description : Design, develop, and configure software systems to meet market and/or client requirements either end-to-end from analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance (including testing), to delivery and maintenance of the software product or system or for a specific phase of the lifecycle. Apply knowledge of technologies, applications, methodologies, processes and tools to support a client, project or entity. Must Have Skills : Windchill Good To Have Skills : Job Description Additional Comments : S_Must Have Skills :1. Need a resource with Minimum 4 yrs of relevant exp in Windchill PLM 10.2 or 10.1 and PDMLink 10.2 or 10.1 with Customization as mandate .2. Experience on Windchill Upgrade/Migration is needed3. Strong Java background is required . Good to Have Skills :-1. Experience on CAD-PLM integration, configuration for the following CAD tools for -Solid Works, CREO, Auto CAD2. Experience on loading CAD data into Windchill - for Solid Works, CREO, Auto CAD Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java quality assurance configuration plm windchill upgrade tools solid works software developer auto cad Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Accenture Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functionsunderpinned by the worlds largest delivery networkAccenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 373,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details