TITLE: Manpower Planning

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description 1. Act as a business partner to the client and ensure manpower support towards meeting their business goals. 2. Partner with client to identify their needs and ensure that they are met by fulfilling the manpower requirements through effective Talent Acquisition for (Blue collar candidates). 3. This role ensures compliance / appropriate levels of approval for deviance. 4. Manage vendor relations; negotiate pricing, monitor service levels, active involvement in the recruitment process at applicable levels 5. Ensure internal customer delight with effective delivery of people practices across levels of organisation 6. Leadership and Teamwork, Monitor operational efficiency of the team by ensuring TATs and compliance to guidelines. 7. Work with the functional team within operations to ensure service delivery. 8. Serve as a link between client and employees. 9. Will be responsible for the outcomes of different businesses in the zone/ region. 10. Provide periodic and structured feedback to Management on their Business Performance 11. Capable of handling the most crucial role which needs to balance between client and employee 12. Handle employee coaching, grievances and employee relations Desired Candidate Profile From Security / Logistic / Courier Company based Experience & qualification: 12-15 years with MBA. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-HR Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: HCAPITAL BUSINESS CONSULTING PRIVATE LIMITED hCapital Business Consulting Private Limited is one of the India's leading specialist professional recruitment firm.A leading Recruitment companyEstablished in 2007, hCapital is one of the leading Indian recruitment firms. We operate through focused industry practice groups, each led by an experienced practice team leader. We hire everywhere where our clients want us to, and we strive to offer our clients the fastest turnaround time they have ever experienced. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details