TITLE: Deputy Manager - Newspaper Ad Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this (i) Planning generation of exponential revenues from Categories / Clients handled; (ii) value added properties for maximizing ad spend share with us; developing better connect with client & account planners where there is a threat due to developments in the category (iii) identifying and generating revenues from new / non -advertiser clients Will execute this assignment with the help of his team. Key Duties & Responsibilities Develop strong working relationships with clients and agencies Work across product line / media vehicles to offer 360 degree solutions based on client requirements. Educational Qualifications : MBA -Marketing from a reputed institute Age : 25 - 28 Work Experience Work experience with hands -on direct selling , team management experience. Preferred industry background Marketing Strategy / Advertising Sales / Mainline Media. Knowledge , Skills & Abilities Languages : Hindi , English Interpersonal : Strong interpersonal skills. Must be able to work with Middle / Senior management. Analytical : Good at understanding industry trends & competitive developments in the category. Must have the ability to think laterally and develop out of the box solutions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Aspiration Aspiration , a specialized boutique Recruitment Agency , launched in 2002 has grown from 2 clients to over 100 and has earned a recognition of being a leading Agency for the Media / Entertainment / Advertising sectors enjoying long standing relationships with each one of our clients and candidates. Our Founder Sarabjeet Sachar's industry experience of over 3 decades , his outstanding connections within the Largest Media Corporate world & a personal commitment to first understand and then be understood , makes us stand out from the maze of consultants. And as our clients testify , our success is based on deep understanding of the domain and knowing the industry like the back of our hand. With a combined team experience of over 4 decades backed by conducting thousands of interviews , our expertise lies in separating the wheat from the chaff. No wonder we get the FIRST CALL from clients and candidates alike. We are the first and the only agency in theniche in India offering a holistic approach to a Job search. We offer services beyond Recruitment of developing a Power Resume , LinkedIn Profile Branding and Job Search Guidance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details