TITLE: Sales Manager- Bangalore / Gulbarga Location

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure individual and team performance as per defined norms. Recruit, induct, handhold, facilitate and motivate team members. Retention of performing team members. Acquire quality clients through networking, data base, market intelligence, references from existing clients and assigned leads from the organization. Generate Cross Sell revenue through Financial Planning. Promote Focus Product of the month Maintain records of business on internal software. Induct new clients to the Dealing Desk for smooth interaction and services. Liaison with Dealing Desk for revenue generation and query resolution. Conduct marketing and social activities for Client Acquisition and Financial Planning. Ensure compliance as per various regulator and organization guidelines. Maintain the brand image of the organization. Salary: Best In Industry Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Marketing Revenue Generation Client Acquisition Market Intelligence Financial Planning Finance Dealing Team Motivation Cross Selling Desired Candidate Profile Market Intelligence - Identify potential threats and opportunities.Facilitate and Supervise sales promotion activities for the business development .Maintain a congenial work environment.Maintain the brand image of the organization. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: AnandRathi Anand Rathi Group is one of India's fastest growing full service securities firm. The services offered range from Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance &amp; Advisory, Brokerage &amp; Distribution in the areas of equities, commodities, mutual funds and insurance. With presence at over 180 locations, the Group caters to the financial needs of well-reputed Corporate Groups, Institutions, Foreign Investors and Individuals. In order to meet our growth plans, we are looking for young, dynamic and result-oriented candidates . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details