TITLE: JDE MFG Functional Consultant _Mumbai/ Pune_permanent

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JDE MFG Functional Consultant Job Location: Mumbai / Pune Experience: 4 to 20 1. The candidate should be excellent at communication (verbal and non- verbal) . 2. Responsible to understand the business processes of the customer and map the same to the JDE product and give a satisfactory solution to the client. 3. Work with users to identify and redefine of the processes and propose a solution. 4. To prepare Functional design documents for Reports, Applications and interfaces. 5. Create Functional Design Specifications for customization. 6. To prepare the test script and testing of the system. 7. Work with users to identify and redefine of the processes and propose a solution. 8. He should be involved in the up gradation activities and testing of the same. We wanted to onboard all candidates on or before 30- Nov- 2016. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile JDE MFG Functional Consultant Job Location: Mumbai / Pune Experience: 4 to 20 1. The candidate should be excellent at communication (verbal and non- verbal) . 2. Responsible to understand the business processes of the customer and map the same to the JDE product and give a satisfactory solution to the client. 3. Work with users to identify and redefine of the processes and propose a solution. 4. To prepare Functional design documents for Reports, Applications and interfaces. 5. Create Functional Design Specifications for customization. 6. To prepare the test script and testing of the system. 7. Work with users to identify and redefine of the processes and propose a solution. 8. He should be involved in the up gradation activities and testing of the same. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Arminus Software Pvt. Ltd About Us The power of us at Arminus emerges from a position of collective empowerment. So while each one of us can make a difference, an individual?s feat of accomplishment is truly a product of team work. The us in Arminus, derives its core strength by evolving every team member to a state of the institution, because the ?Power of us? is the power to change. Arminus Software Pvt. Limited is a global company providing IT consulting and software development services in diverse application areas. We provide enterprise wide solutions to help an organization gain competitive edge by integrating all business processes and optimizing the resources available. Our focus and mission is to drive our clients' revenues and profitability by providing product development, maintenance services, Staff augmentation through the engagement model which suits them the best. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details