TITLE: Front Office Support Analyst - FX eTrading

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this FX eTrading Front Office Support Analyst Activity Overview: Within the Front Office IT area, a new activity is envisaged to be started in Mumbai, called Software Homologation and Validation . This team is in charge of technical and functional validation of FO Applications and Market Interfaces to ensure their sanity with full architectural integration vis- -vis connectivity with different FO/ MO/ BO systems. Responsibilities: Primarily responsible to validate the Front Office applications and their market interfaces. Apart from validation, the position will perform UAT support/ maintenance for non-production environments. Work as an individual contributor in Mumbai, working in coordination with the Front Office IT development team based in London and also interact with other IT team members in Mumbai and London. Seek continuous improvement, especially in terms of automation of standard manual checks The candidate should be a skilled FO Support engineer with very good knowledge on different FX Financial Instruments / Orders Executions & Life Cycle. Prior experience of providing Front Office IT Support in an Investment Bank captive or IT Services organization would be a distinct advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details