TITLE: Java-tech Lead | Product Based Organization | Bangalore | 8 to 11 year

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are hiring for Tech Lead for one of the leading product based Company in Bangalore!!! Role: Tech Lead Location: Bangalore The key responsibility of this role is to lead and own end to end delivery of one or more scrum teams. Also the person should be able to explore and build new opportunities for the team to work. Required Skills Minimum 3 years of experience as lead and managed the team on technical front Deep experience on large scale development across multiple interfacing systems Strong in Design and development using object oriented and component oriented techniques. Strong Communication and technical writing skills. Java - Server Side application development including J2EE technologies Ability to troubleshooting efforts upon project delivery (post development); Experience on Rest Service development using Spring Strong in Design patterns Databases Solid Working knowledge of SQL Exposure on TDD/BDD methodologies Experience with agile software development methodologies. Working knowledge on messaging framework Hands on knowledge with production infrastructure such as load balancer, proxy servers. Exposure on Jenkins and CI Working knowledge on Git Nice to have skills Exposure on micro services & spring boot Exposure on cloud management Exposure on Continuous Delivery working knowledge on NoSql (Mongo DB) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java J2Ee Spring Rest NoSQL Design Patterns Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Incorporated in 2006, Black and White Business solutions has gradually developed today into a leading provider of manpower for some of the fortune 500 companies for their junior/ middle / senior and executive requirements. At Black and White Business Solutions, our sole job is to find individuals who are driven to succeed, and match them with companies that know how to reward success.Considered one of the top recruitment firms in Bangalore. We are the pioneer of organized recruitment services in India. Over the years we have played the role as preferred recruitment partners to multinationals and leading Indian businesses which enabled us to emerge as the leading recruitment brand nationally. We follow 360 degree holistic view of a candidate's qualification, experience and most important personality traits. We boast on the fact that we and have helped careers of over thousands of professionals through our work. Devoted to both clients and candidates, we power the world of work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details