TITLE: Dgm Sales Audio Visual System Integration (avsi)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Devising & Implementing Pre / Post Sales & Marketing Strategies For Successful Launch Of New Products. Devising & Implementing Strategies To Enhance Brand Awareness To Penetrate Existing Markets To Increase Market Share. Developing & Maintaining Healthy Relationships With Principals. Identifying Large Corporate Clients, Developing Healthy Relationships To Ensure Long Term Business Relationships. Devising & Implementing Business Plan To Achieve Pre Defined & Mutually Agreed Targets With Management& Business Goals. Drafting & Implementing Sales Promotion / Advertising Activities For Brand Building & Market Development Effort. Driving & Motivating Sales Team For Achieving Agreed Targets. Conceptualise & Implement Strategies For Enhancing Business Development Opportunities With Respect To New Market/ Unexplored Markets. Establish A Strong Dealer Network Through A Team Of Channel Manager Nationally. Appraising The Management Through Proper Mis On Monthly Progress Of Business With Recommended Actions To Ensure On Target. Achieve Agreed Targets Through Direct Selling Of High End Technological Solutions To Large Corporate. Expand Company'S Business By Developing New Accounts. Dso Collection Within 45 Days. Development Motivation And Retention Of The Team. Profile: Candidate Should Be Graduates/ Mbas With 3-5 Years 5 Years Minimum Experience In Technical Marketing And Sales, Preferably In Av Industry Skills Required: Excellent Communication, Negotiation & Selling Skills. Knowledge Of Av Industry And Competition. Excellent Knowledge Of Multimedia Products & Competitors. Should Be Performance Driven Patience, Determination And Winning Spirit Ability To Endure The Work Pressures Of A Highly Competitive Environment. Solutions: Plasma Tv, Projector, Lcd, Video Walls, Audio Conferencing, Video Conferencing, Boardroom Solutions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Prism Manpower Services We, Prism Manpower Services, provide a wide range of Recruitment Solutions for various requirements. Located in Mumbai city of Maharashtra, the company was incepted in the year 2007. With an experience of serving industries like Insurance, Event Management etc, we are today recognized as a trustworthy Service Provider in Maharashtra. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details