TITLE: Spa Manager

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation. Today, you bring your personal style to every experience. You live life to discover. You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you re in the right place. You ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours. That s why we re not just looking for anyone. We re looking for someone like you. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Other Services Role:Health Club Assistant./Manager Desired Candidate Profile JOB SUMMARY Manages overall operations of Health Club and . Responsible for guest and employee satisfaction as well as meeting standards and financial goals. Develops and implements marketing strategies for fitness assessment center and health programs. CANDIDATE PROFILE Education and Experience High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the recreation / health club operations or related professional area. OR 2 - year degree from an accredited university in Health Education, Physical Education, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 1 year experience in the recreation / health club operations or related professional area. CORE WORK ACTIVITIES Managing Health Club and Operations Manages day - to - day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis. Schedules events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others. Develops and implements menu of classes and services, including special programs. Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work. Manages outside vendors. Orders and maintains necessary supplies and ensures workers have supplies, equipment, tools, and uniforms necessary to do their jobs. Manages pool areas, including overall maintenance, daily upkeep and cleanliness. Ensures all facilities are in appropriate operating condition. Schedules work / repairs as needed with the Engineering Department. Maintains and enforces safety standards and procedures with the recreation staff. Ensures appropriate fees are charged to guests and that proper cash handling procedures are followed by all members of the recreation staff. Manages operating budget. Assists with major equipment purchases. Provides special programming for holiday weekends and heavy transient time periods. Plans and implements special recreational opportunities for resort guests as business demands. Develops and implements marketing strategies for fitness assessment center and health programs. Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors. Monitors quality, standards and meets the expectations of the customers on a daily basis. Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention. Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed. Conducting Human Resources Activities Oversees all Human Resources activities in the Recreation Department. Oversees employee satisfaction and guest satisfaction results, and ensures corrective action is taken when needed. Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills. Hires, trains, and monitors development of recreation staff. Participates in the performance appraisal system process, giving feedback when needed. Coordinates all training activities for employees in department. Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members. Communicates expectations and performance objectives to subordinates; subordinates are also open to raise questions and / or concerns. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws. Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Marriott Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels. Marriott Hotels, Marriott Internationals flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well- crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 70 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. Our associates deliver sophisticated and warmly authentic service in a comfortable and luxurious atmosphere that cultivates fulfilling experiences for both our associates and our guests Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details