TITLE: IT Asset Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities Manage software and hardware assets as directed by the Head of IT Governance. Ensure the timely fulfilment of business demands for approved software and hardware requests. Maximise the utilisation and cost of licensable software assets. Work with the business on software selection and seek opportunities to rationalize and standardize software products. Obtain appropriate commercial arrangements for the provisioning and delivery of software and hardware. Maintain effective license entitlement and consumption records. Ensure that the Service Catalogue details are maintained with the approved list of Software and Hardware. Manage the risk of software non -compliance , and maintain an effective license compliance state. Respond effectively and efficiently to audit requests from local and group -wide vendors. Define and maintain the working structure for the delivery , maintenance and ultimate disposal of software and hardware assets , including the marketing of choices to the internal business users. Support the regional business on queries related to software assets and recovery charges imposed. Define and maintain software and hardware assets within the Configuration Management System (CMS). Define policies and operating principles for the identification and control of assets , for accounting and reporting of assets throughout their life -cycle , and for verification and audit of the CMS content. Key Performance Indicators Software and hardware asset utilisation. Software license compliance. Accuracy and completeness of license entitlement records. Accurate and timely cost recovery from the consumers within the internal business. Increased use of automated service management tools to drive process efficiency. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Formal Education & Certification Educated to degree level preferably in an IT related discipline. Formal accreditation in ITIL v3.(desirable) Snow Software Certification (desirable). Knowledge and Experience Full software and hardware lifecycle management with significant experience of managing software assets within Snow. In -depth understanding of the ITIL Service Asset & Configuration Management process. Working knowledge and experience of Microsoft System Centre and Snow Software License Manager. Experienced in the use of ServiceNow or other ITSM tool. Experienced in managing software vendor audits. Advanced level of competency in Excel. Extensive knowledge of software licensing rules , particularly with vendors such as Microsoft , Adobe , Oracle , VMWare , Autodesk & Bentley. Personal Attributes Excellent communication skills: writing , speaking , listening , persuading , influencing and collaborating. Process orientated. Ability to motivate and direct staff members. Ability to think clearly under pressure and tenacious. Keen attention to detail and the ability to meet deadlines. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Mott Mac Donald The Mott MacDonald Group is a multidisciplinary consultancy with headquarters in the United Kingdom. It provides engineering, management and development services internationally, with 16,000 staff in 150 countries.[2] Mott MacDonald is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the world.It was established in 1989 by the merger of Mott, Hay and Anderson with Sir M MacDonald & Partners. It has won more than 500 industry awards in the last five years and is among the top ranked firms in the annual league tables published by Engineering News Record and New Civil Engineer. [3] Projects completed by the firm include the Hong Kong International Airport and the Channel Tunne Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details