TITLE: Team Lead - Java, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle SQL

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Duties & Responsibilities Study user requirement, develop specifications, design, code program, test and implement systems in line with Group standards and regulatory requirements IN ORDER TO meet user (business) requirements. Prepare required documentation, implement industry, best practices, release management, review of project deliverables Handle development/ design projects using Java, J2EE, Oracle, JavaScript, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Web services, RIA technologies, WebSphere Further enhance, Trouble-shoot, understand & resolve problems related to existing systems IN ORDER TO meet user requirements and ensure smooth functioning of IT systems. Planning and Tracking of project schedule Train other team members and Jr. resources on functional and technical topics. handling project maintenance activities Work Based Competencies Required Mandatory at least 7 years of hands-on experience in Java, J2EE, Struts 2, Spring, Hibernate and Web Services. Strong team leading experience In-depth knowledge of RIA technologies (JavaScript, CSS, AngularJS, JQuery, Bootstrap). In-depth working knowledge of Oracle SQL and any application server. Experience in performing application debugging and modification. Web application development experience Good Communications Skills Ability to interpret / write specs and develop the code Self driven and independent Good knowledge and experience of SDLC processes implementation Nice to Have SVN or Other version control tool Knowledge on JIRA Knowledge of Junit and functional testing of the application. Knowledge of the agile methodology. Knowledge of build tools and code review tools (Sonar) Banking / Credit domain Experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Duties & Responsibilities Study user requirement, develop specifications, design, code program, test and implement systems in line with Group standards and regulatory requirements IN ORDER TO meet user (business) requirements. Prepare required documentation, implement industry, best practices, release management, review of project deliverables Handle development/ design projects using Java, J2EE, Oracle, JavaScript, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Web services, RIA technologies, WebSphere Further enhance, Trouble-shoot, understand & resolve problems related to existing systems IN ORDER TO meet user requirements and ensure smooth functioning of IT systems. Planning and Tracking of project schedule Train other team members and Jr. resources on functional and technical topics. handling project maintenance activities Work Based Competencies Required Mandatory at least 7 years of hands-on experience in Java, J2EE, Struts 2, Spring, Hibernate and Web Services. Strong team leading experience In-depth knowledge of RIA technologies (JavaScript, CSS, AngularJS, JQuery, Bootstrap). In-depth working knowledge of Oracle SQL and any application server. Experience in performing application debugging and modification. Web application development experience Good Communications Skills Ability to interpret / write specs and develop the code Self driven and independent Good knowledge and experience of SDLC processes implementation Nice to Have SVN or Other version control tool Knowledge on JIRA Knowledge of Junit and functional testing of the application. Knowledge of the agile methodology. Knowledge of build tools and code review tools (Sonar) Banking / Credit domain Experience Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details