TITLE: Platform Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Mumbai What is the Company like Directi is a group of businesses comprising of successful businesses founded by Bhavin Turakhia which includes Radix , Ringo , Flock , Media.net and Zeta . These businesses comprise 1500 people across 8 offices , with over 9 million customers , revenues over $200 million , a net worth of over $1.4 billion and multiple category leading global brands across business areas as diverse as web presence (domains , hosting , cloud -infrastructure) , online advertising (contextual advertising /ad networks) , communication & collaboration (voice and messaging) and payments (benefits and compensation). What is the Business Unit like Flock is an enterprise messaging and collaboration app that aims at increasing productivity and improving team -communication in organizations of all shapes and sizes. At Flock , we believe that enterprise communication should be richer and efficient. With that goal , we have developed and deployed an outstanding suite of apps that enhance workplace communication and productivity. With teams at companies like Ogilvy , Oliver Wyman , Endurance International Group , ESPN and Healthkart improving their workplace collaboration using Flock , we are already helping teams have richer and more efficient communication around the globe. What is the Job likeAs a Software Engineer you will be part of teams that are responsible for architecting and developing our large -scale , micro service based distributed , software solutions. These projects involve myriad technologies , networking concepts , complex algorithms , cutting edge application platforms and paradigms. Build complex business applications as a member of high energy teams Use MVC frameworks , OOPs concepts , etc to build modular applications , loosely coupled applications Apply SOA concepts to build loosely coupled applications , scalable applications Participate in the entire lifecycle of the product - design , documentation , coding , testing and deployment Build products with a view to maximising ease of operations of those products and facilitate rapid development and deployment of new features and changes Integrate third party products , understand the underlying platform of those products Build tools and frameworks to facilitate rapid issue resolution Imbibe and maintain a strong customer service oriented attitude while designing and building products Participate actively in recruitment and training processes Mentor other individuals as you develop your own career Who should apply to the role 2 to 4 years of software development experience (The more core -Java focused the better) Design , implement , and deploy scalable algorithms and models to utilize large amounts of data Good grasp on programming fundamentals including OOP , Design Patterns , Data Structures , socket programming , Networking and OS Concepts , Multi threading Familiar with programming languages Familiarity with relational databases , writing complex queries Understands web 2.0 technologies Knowledge of distributed systems Can exhibit a passion and enthusiasm for remarkable technology (Knowledge and contribution to open source projects , Active Blog , etc) You are passionate about automated testing , good design , performance and scalability. Benefits & PerksDirectians love their jobs , and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun , complete with bean bag chairs , ping pong tables , and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee -shirts are a -ok!). We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays , which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency We are passionate about building the next generation of web products , and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting -edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip -flops to work) , then we want to get to know you Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Directi Directi comprises of a group of tech businesses owned, operated or invested in by Bhavin and/or Divyank Turakhia. The Group boasts of multiple business units that are run independently by their respective management teams. The Directi portfolio companies comprise of Radix, Ringo, Flock, Zeta and Codechef. Media.net, owned by Starbuster TMT Investments, leverages the Directi brand and culture for recruitment in its India offices. Directi also comprised of BigRock, ResellerClub, LogicBoxes and WebHosting.info which were sold to the Endurance International Group in a $160 million transaction in 2014 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details