TITLE: Senior DBA - BWE

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Senior DBA you will be working with Bank of The West Engineering and Operation teams to develop , manage , govern and maintain a range of databases , including Oracle and SQL servers. This position is expected to have complete hands on as well and deliver day -today activities as required. You are a technology expert who loves being in the center of the action , and you will routinely manage complex software and systems issues ranging from distributed change propagation on live serving systems , to designing and deploying cost -aware database systems. Also , should work closely with development team , and the infrastructure teams in maintaining a reliable environment around systems hardware and operating systems server software. Responsibilities Design , architect , and build databases based application systems from business requirements to planning and deploying test and production systems that are completely available and highly scalable Automate and perfect operational DBA duties which will include installation , database upgrades , patching , environment cloning , implementing backup /recovery and monitoring procedures , capacity planning and site failover /switchover. Interface with clients , network , hardware and system operations teams to resolve problems with application /database systems in a timely manner. Follow change management process and participate in related meetings. Create and maintain database /application architecture and standards following Oracle Best practices for physical structures , logical databases , user management. Act as a database project leader for critical , time driven , visible projects , if needed. Integrate /collaborate with application development and support teams on various IT projects. Provide thought leadership and assist in setting strategic direction for Database , infrastructure and technology Provide off hours support and maintenance as required , part of the 24x7 operations support on call rotations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details