TITLE: Dell Storage

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dell Storage ,Bangalore /Mumbai ,(3 -12 yrs) Roles & Responsibilities Primary Skill. * Dell Storage (Equalogic , Compellent) Secondary Skill. * Hitachi Location:Bangalore /Mumbai Working Pattern: Shifts (24*7 readiness required). Specification / Skills /Experience Knowledge and practical experience of DELL Storage technologies and Storage domain Provide performance tuning and trouble shooting of all DELL storage technologies Performance analysis of the environment is mandatory requirement. A successful candidate will be expected to have a practical working knowledge of DELL and other storage technologies and their application to real -world business problems in large -scale customer environments. Identifying customer requirements into presentable form OS skill from storage view on AIX /VMware /Solaris /Windows is required. Storage System administration functionality and exploitation Assessments , and Health Checks , installation , cabling , troubleshooting Hands on experience on the DELL storage products viz. , DS8000 /5000 series , Equalogic , Compellent Exposure to replication technologies and Data Protection techniques (Snapshots , Clone etc.) Good working knowledge Fabric Switches: Brocade Mcdata Cisco Effective communication skills in both verbal and written English Client focused with regards to service delivery Self -driven and able to work independently or within a team Good analytical and troubleshooting skills (the ability to think logically through a problem) Must have the initiative , tenacity and commitment to see problems through to resolution Able to respond to and resolve client queries and requests in a timely manner Works well in a team An ability to work well under pressure A flexible approach Ability to work shift patterns and provide out of hour s on -call support Ability to provide clear and concise documentation Good 3rd Party Liaison , i.e. Suppliers of storage products and hardware for problem resolution Secondary Skills ( Nice to have ) Experience on TPC /ECC /Storage essentials is added advantage Knowledge of Database from Storage point of view is a plus It s added advantage if the candidate has other Storage Skills like EMC , Hitachi , HP Storage along with the Primary skill is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details