TITLE: Credit Analyst Investment Team | Asset Management Company | Mumbai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Hiring for an Asset Management Company in Mumbai for the position of Credit Analyst. Location Mumbai. Below is a list of the key responsibilities of the Credit Analyst. This list is not exhaustive and be may adapted by the company from time to time as and when required. The Fixed Income Analyst/Credit Analyst shall be primarily responsible for Credit Analysis and Research and maintain Credit Universe and Issuer/Counter party limits and carrying out the following activities :- 1. A detailed analysis of Corporates on operational, management and financial parameters 2. Analysis of historical financials and forecasting the financials depending on the credit requirements. 3. Meeting with management, if required and preparation of visit report. 4. Analysis of single loan CLOS,ABS and MBS pools - studying the relevant parameters 5. Monitoring of Corporate performance and ratings with industry and peer analysis. 6. Tracking the companies on a regular basis and keeping the fund management team informed. 7. Monitoring and surveillance of MBS,ABS pools and CLOs 8. Organise interactions with rating analysts in industry 9. Sharing of industry knowledge and credit relevant events/news/stories through presentations 10. Prepare and monitor/update the list of issuers (credit universe) and the Issuer limits on a regular/daily basis 11. Periodically update and monitor the counter party limits Education :- PG in Finance/CFA Experience :- Around 5 year's experience as Credit Analyst Interested candidates please send your resume to hr8@lordisystems.com or call Neetu at 9035500076 Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Mutual Funds/Fund Management/Asset Management Role:Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Finance Company Profile: Lordi Systems Staffing Solutions Pvt. Ltd An Asset Management company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details