TITLE: Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Short Description Network Engineer 1.5 to 2 Years - Mumbai / Pune Qualifications Job Responsibilities Junior level P2 resources; Behavioral requirement for 'Network Engineer 1 To operate as a Network Support Technician for NIS to support Capgemini clients. The role involves predominantly network operation / support of network infrastructure Essential: A good theoretical knowledge of TCP / IP, Ethernet, routing and switching within LAN / WAN primarily within a Cisco environment but other vendor experience is welcome and beneficial; 2 years of practical experience in network operation and above technologies; Engineering graduate / Diploma engineer / Science Graduate; CCNA; Flexibility; Managing Priorities; Ability to work as part of team but also self motivated. Additional Information: Willing to work in 24x7x365 days rotational shift. A technical data / voice network role spending most of the time working on network incidents, predefined changes, writing RCAs, generating predefined reports, making appropriate escalations (Internal / external / 3rd party), and attending routine operation calls. Service Delivery Client support Carry out action plans for hardware replacements on customers sites; Resolving incidents related to network; Performing pre - defined changes; Writing and presenting RCAs. Other activities Escalating cases to higher level of support adhering to escalation procedures. Service request management Tracking, chasing and overall control of the service request lifecycle; Call backs, follow up procedures. Customer / Supplier relationship Individualise customer care Recognize different levels of coverage and adjust customer care level accordingly, bearing in mind always to provide the best effort to resolve customer queries. Building and maintaining effective working relationships between Client and other SUN teams Maintaining an understanding of the Customers service requirements. Key relationships Cooperation with: Service Desk, 3rd Line Support, Duty Manager, Service Account Manager Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details