TITLE: Deputy Manager - Compliance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Legal & Compliance To assist in reviewing Health insurance policies & product related documents such as marketing and branding activities, customer communications, promotional materials and advertisements, sales and distribution related activities to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements of IRDA. To assist in the identification of regulatory risks, explaining the implications of those risks and recommends actions for mitigating those risks. To assist in monitoring and ensuring the compliance, as per the compliance program on an ongoing basis, by various internal workstreams, preparation of compliance monitoring framework, compliance manual and regular updation of the same. To ensure compliance with the IRDA Guidelines on Outsourcing, AML, F&U and Advertisements. To ensure regulatory filings (as applicable to a Health Insurance Company) with IRDA and other regulatory bodies. To communicate and share compliance requirements with other stakeholders. To ensure timely submission of reports to JV partners To assist in conducting need based Compliance training programs and awareness sessions. To ensure strong compliance with respect TRAI and Intermediaries Regulation. Drafting legal agreements ( Reinsurance , Distribution agreements , . etc ) Co- ordinate and provide required information & documents to panel Consultants / Advocates for various legal activities such as title search of immovable properties, trademark search, etc Qualifications: LLB Primary Location: Goregaon (E) , Mumbai- India Work Locations: 401- 402 4th Floor Raheja Titanium Goregaon (E) , Mumbai 400063 Job: Legal- - Compliance Schedule: Regular Shift: Standard Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full- time Job Level: Day Job Travel: Job Posting: Oct 27, 2016, 9: 25: 50 AM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Company Secretary Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited CignaTTK Health Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between the U.S. based global health services leader, Cigna Corporation and Indian conglomerate, TTK Group. Company received the regulatory license from IRDA in November 2013 and launched its operations in February 2014.Cigna TTK health Insurance is a stand-alone health insurance company, headquartered in Mumbai having a pan India presence spread across 15 cities of the country.Cigna Corporation, a fortune 500 company is the first US Health Insurance player to set foot in the country. Cigna?s partnership with the TTK Group is to bring in innovative suite of health insurance products along with an enhanced customer service experience to the Indian market Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details