TITLE: Manager-Digital

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role profile Role title: Global Program Manager, Corporate VGE Function: Customer Service Department: VGE Reports to: Head Project Management Location: As per role requirement Role purpose: Accountability for the definition, planning and implementation of large global customer programs within time and budget, in a consistent manner using standard Vodafone program management tools and procedures. Delivering Vodafone solutions within a customer environment by providing professional Customer Program leadership, direction and control. Engage with VF-3 Customer Program Leads and Customer Program Heads on Governance and Management reporting. Key accountabilities and decision ownership Strategic Coordinate with Customer Program Leads across the circles to prepare Management dashboard for progress on Functional activities. Lead on critical Customer Programs and Programs to ensure right support during bid and successful Customer Program execution. Operational Engage with Customer Program Leads and SDMs to render any guidance and support. Review with Customer Program Leads on in year conversion and KPI performance Engage with Customer Program Core competencies, knowledge and experience 8-10+ years of experience in leading Project Management. Managing multinational customers across the globe by working collaboratively with multicultural functions/ teams and partners across continents. Manage Customer stake holders and proactive escalation Management. Experience in implementing project or programme practice to meet Organization effectiveness and Business requirements. Prince2 or PMP certified. Leads as part of governance and execution of best practise. Financial Management during the Customer Program to ensure timely use of project budget. Developmental Support and assist to implement best Customer Program Management practises across VSL in line with VGE fixed line objectives. Build Program Management capability for handling Large and Complex Customer Program. Must have technical / professional qualifications: Desired Competencies/ Skills Experience in handling Project Management in a B2B environment Commercially astute Ability to structure and prioritize workloads around customer and project requirements Strong focus on delivery and attention to detail Ability to manage dynamic, high- growth, high- uncertainty environments Educational Qualifications Graduate, with minimum of a bachelor s degree, preferred in Electronics & Telecommunications. Budget owned: Financial Dimensions (TBD) -going Service Delivery. Key performance indicators 1) Meeting C-SAT & NPS target scores 2) Achieve in year Billed revenue target. 3) Project Governance & Management reporting Direct reports: NIL Dotted reports: NIL Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Desired Candidate Profile PMP Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Target Complete Employment Solutions TARGET, a professionally managed Job Placement Company located in Bangalore, the Silicon Plateau of India, is a premier solution provider to the employment needs of Corporations as well as Job Seekers.Our 3500 sft office is located in the Central Business District, on the prestigious Mahatma Gandhi Road and are easily accessible on phones, e-mail and for personal meetings. We make sure that our staff are always helpful, responsive and sensitive to our clients needsSome of the services we offer are Placements, Recruitment Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Staffing, General Staffing,temporary office space Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details