TITLE: Head

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Job Description: Urgent opportunity for the role of Alliance Head with a leading IT solution provider Job description: Location: Andheri JD: for the role of Alliance Head Job Location: Mumbai - Andheri Experience: 12 - 15 yrs Should have very good communication Skill Should have exp in handling team Should be able to Manage OEM PARTNERS(PAN INDIA) (Original Equipment Manufacturer) Primary KRA: - Drive 4 or 5 Key OEM relationships for the Organization - Own the revenue numbers from these relationships (estimated at USD 50 mn per annum) - Map the OEM organization and ensure regular engagement with OEM field Teams to drive business - Drive services revenue with the Key OEMs - Manage and Track rebate plans with Key OEMs - Maximize Margin contribution from OEMs OEM Review || Rebate Programs || OEM Meeting - OEM led business: 1. All rebate program needs to be tracked and weekly reports needs to be floated to management 2. Follow up on periodic review with RMs - Host the REVIEW and cascade the MOM with follow up on actionable. 3. OEM Newsletter to be prepared by 1st week of every month / QTR and floated. 4. OEM collateral / Banners / Standees / to be stocked for upcoming activities. 5. Regular OEM meets 6. Traction on OEM led business quarterly 7. Align with OEM led initiatives and executing Notice Period not more than 45 days. OEM, Original equipment manufacturer, Alliance head Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details