TITLE: Associate - Strategic Analytics

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. The JPMC Card Risk Portfolio Management Team is responsible for the development and implementation of key processes that directly impact Account Management strategies for the Credit Card business. This position will be responsible for supporting Risk Management for the Credit Card Portfolio. Chase Card Services is the largest credit card issuer in the US. Candidate will have direct ownership and accountability for certain portfolio management strategies. Responsibility Perform analysis as it pertains to eligibility and performance of portfolio management strategies. Utilize SAS, SQL, Oracle, Knowledge Seeker and MS Office analysis tools to complete analysis requirements Partner with technical groups to develop requirements for changes to rules engines and automated strategies Work with Operations partners and leaders to ensure any new developments will be deliverable and executable in an Operations environment Forecast performance changes that tie to segmentation or treatment changes Identify and understand trends and make recommendations . Create clear written communications and routinely present results to senior leaders including the ability to influence toward a particular decision Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills operations analytics sql sas ms office investment banking financial services development oracle unix Desired Candidate Profile Bachelors or MS degree(preferred) in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics or Finance (or equivalent quantitative field) is required A minimum of 3 years of relevant analytics/ modeling experience. Previous experience in credit card risk is strongly preferred Knowledge of credit card P&L is preferred Knowledge and experience in gathering requirements, building and presenting strategies, data mining and presentation of findings is a must Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating systems experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/ TERADATA Strong analytical, interpretive and problem solving skills with the ability to interpret large amounts of data and its impact in both operational and financial areas Demonstrated excellent written and oral communication skills to clearly present analytical findings and make business recommendations via the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Strong project Management Skills -- well-organized, structured approach. Ability to achieve tight timelines on complex deliverables. Ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects across cross-functional groups Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Statistics, Maths PG:Any Postgraduate, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Maths, Statistics Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details