TITLE: Sr Associate

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Under general supervision, conducts and participates in financial accounting control examination, review and testing by the Accounting Controls Division to a U.S. based subsidiary of BNP Paribas. Plays a critical role within the Bank, ensuring a solid internal controls framework is designed and operating effectively to meet various schedules. Accounting department s work is leveraged by external auditors on an annual basis as they conduct the FDICIA audit. Essential Job Functions 1. Ensure performance of independent and objective evaluations of adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of bank s internal controls, disclosure controls and operating systems in identified area(s) of responsibility. 2. Responsible for recognizing potential issues in business practices and accounting determined through examination work and effectively communicating findings to Accounting Policies and Internal Controls department. a. Review controls, risk identification, test of controls and track deficiencies b. Monitor, document and test controls for identified processes c. Liase with process owners; creating, monitoring and managing action plans to close gaps and perform retesting 3. Participate in complex functional examination processes consisting of: a. Assessment of risk and exposure associated with bank activities in the areas of control examination responsibility; b. Plan, design, performance, documentation, supervision and review of examination work c. Reporting of the results of examination work; and d. Monitoring and verification of management s resolution of examination findings 4. Participate/advise in new process, system development as required/requested Individual contributors will be working on various controls project that will come up during the year in the areas of Financial Reporting (aka SOX), Regulatory Reporting Controls, CCAR Reporting Controls, & controls testing at other BWE entities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details