TITLE: Teradata Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Teradata Developer 5 - 7 Years Mumbai. Main Responsibilities Competencies Required Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation of ETL process using various Teradata utilities like TPT, BTEQ, FLOAD, MLOAD, TPUMP and FEXPORT. Thorough knowledge of Teradata Architecture, SQL, BTEQ, TPT, Fastload, Multiload, Fast export utilities. Extensive knowledge of Teradata database, data warehousing and information management best practices. Expertise in Teradata SQL performance tuning. Experienced in Solution Definition and Design, Requirements Analysis, Source System Analysis, Data Profiling, Data Analysis, Data Migration activities for Data Management and Data Quality Initiatives. Candidate must possess strong analytical skills for effective problem solving, excellent written and verbal communication skills, good client presence, and work well in a team environment. Experience Profile Must Have: 5 to 6 years of experience out of which more than 3 years in Data warehousing. Should have worked on Teradata Implementation projects. Very good exposure to Data warehouse concepts. Very good understanding of ETL methodology. Experience in Financial Data warehousing. Experience in Teradata FS LDM Preferable. Should be able to travel on - site when required. Good communication and presentation skills. Certification in Teradata and Teradata SQL preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details