TITLE: Snr Manager Supply Chain Analytics

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Company: Every day , millions of people around the world enjoy the benefits of products from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies. Very likely , someone in your family is one of them. Your family s health and well -being is our passion. Johnson & Johnson , through its operating companies , is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products , as well as a provider of related services , for the consumer , pharmaceutical , and medical devices markets. Johnson & Johnson strives to provide scientifically sound , high quality products and services to help heal , cure disease and improve the quality of life. The organization is comprised of more than 275 operating companies in more than 60 countries employing approximately 128 ,700 employees. With Global sales of USD $74.3 billion in 2014 , Johnson & Johnson is recognized as one of the most admired and respected companies in the world. Johnson & Johnson companies are equal opportunity employers. In India , Johnson & Johnson operates as a single legal entity and consists of the 3 strategic business units: Consumer Products , Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices , which are independently managed and report into their respective Global business segments. Johnson & Johnson Consumer Asia Pacific , a member of Johnson and Johnson's Family of Companies , is recruiting for a Director Global Analytics , for the Consumer Global PLAN business , in our office in Mumbai , India. Overall Vision /Role The Director Global Analytics is a Global role , which will lead the design , strategic roadmap and establishment of a global advanced analytics organization that delivers analytics and reporting support to Global Plan and each of the four regional organizations. The role is central in building the capability and the infrastructure to become truly global advanced analytics function , providing the Plan organization with a critical element in its competitive advantage. The Director Global Analytics will also be responsible for leading a team in the delivery of business analytics and insights that drive the supply chain planning processes , Demand Planning , Inventory , Service & S&OP processes. This individual is actively engaged in Global /regional supply chain projects and initiatives by providing analytical insights. This individual will work closely together with the Global and regional Plan leads , GPEx and IT , to develop the consumer Plan analytics road map for the future of analytics. Position Title: Snr Manager Analytics Supply Chain Functional Area: Consumer Global PLAN Reports To: Director GPEx AP Reportees: 1 Financial Responsibility: (Sales revenue supported , Departmental budget ): Identify new business opportunities in supply chain in support of a $15 Billion business , J&J Consumer Key Responsibility: Support the development of a working model for a global analytics capability supporting EMEA. Closely collaborate with the global performance measurement leader and the EMEA analytics leaders to ensure timely , consistent and accurate delivery of the Plan dashboard and any other associated metrics /causal analysis etc. Drive business insights translating to tangible business values Provide disruptive insights into supply chain capabilities Drive extensive analytical assessments to describe cause and effect relationships , assess trends and identify outliers Contribute to the understanding and application of process excellence tools Collaborate in the development of the BI /automation strategy for analytics in SC planning in close collaboration with other functions (Make , Source , Deliver , PMO and Commercial) Support key initiatives in SC Plan with analytical support , simulation and modeling. Work with the Enterprise COE , Source and Make leadership to ensure alignment and collaboration in developing strategies , consistent definitions and ownership of metrics and the processes for delivering those metrics Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Material Management Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education & experience This candidate will have a minimum of a Bachelor's degree. This candidate will have a minimum of 10 years of business experience and minimum of 7 years of direct Supply Chain , Logistics , Operations or Manufacturing experience. Experience in a Consumer , packaged goods or FDA -regulated industry is preferred. Strong analytical skills and experience with large amounts of data is required. Experience with all demand and supply planning , analytics , SC modeling /segmentation is required. Result oriented , can work in a complex matrix environment Good people management skills essential Ability to influence without authority is required Six sigma black belt is strongly preferred Knowledge , Skills and capabilities: SAP & SAP APO , SAP BW or other ERP and planning systems is required Experience in the development and selection of data visualization tools such as Tableau & Cliq Knowledge of MS Access and advanced knowledge of MS Exce Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Johnson & Johnson Ltd Johnson & Johnson spread its root into India 67 years ago. Since then, the Company has brought many innovative ideas, products and services to improve the health and well-being of people in India. The Company today employs more than 3,000 people and is organized into three business segments: Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details