TITLE: Technical Lead - ODM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Overview on Wealth Management Wealth Management and Investment Management Technology (WMIMT) is responsible for the design, development, delivery, and support of the technical platform behind the products and services used by the Business. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (WM) is a product of the acquisition of Smith Barney from Citigroup, which was completed in June 13. Its core client base is individual investors, small- to medium-size businesses and institutions, and high net worth families and individuals. In the second half of 14, WM reached a milestone, with its business having surpassed $2 trillion in total client assets. The position is part of the Branch Workflow Team, which folds into Field and Client Technology under Wealth Management. This team is comprised of resources located throughout the United States and India. The team supports Financial Advisors, Client Service Associates and Operations, located in 900 branches in the US, and helps them improve branch and operational efficiency as well as risk control. . Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required. 10 years of ITexperience . 3 years of experience in IBM Operational Decision Manager(ODM) v8.5 . Expert on ODM best practices and experience leading CenterOf Competence(CoC) Rule Governance and Common frameworks. . Experience in investment banking Architecture. Hands on experience in business rules discovery, rulesharvesting and coding in ODM . Experience with the development of architectural roadmaps . Experience with the documentation of logical architecturedesigns Hands on experience in designing and building DomainModels, Java Execution Models and Business Object Models for Business Rules andevents Applications. Hands on experience in authoring, testing, publishing anddeploying business rules into Decision Center Business Console and EnterpriseConsole, Decision Server, Rule Execution Server (RES). Hands on experience in testing and simulating rule inDecision Validation services and leveraging Decision Warehouse. Web services and other J2EE development andintegrations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Morgan Stanley Advantage Services Pvt. Ltd. Morgan Stanley has been operating in India for over 20 years, providing a range of services to domestic and international clients.The Firm has a premier institutional securities platform in India, providing a full range of investment banking, capital markets, equities, fixed income, commodities and derivative products, as well as research services.Morgan Stanley has been an active investor in Indian Infrastructure, Real Estate, and Private Equity projects over the last several years under its Merchant Banking practice as part of Morgan Stanley Investment Management business (MSIM).Morgan Stanley Advantage Services (MSAS), a fully owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc.; and Morgan Stanley Solutions India (MSSI), a fully owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Mauritius Company Ltd.; were incorporated in 2003. Both entities support Morgan Stanley's Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management businesses worldwide.MSAS houses the Technology and Data, Operations, Finance, Legal and Compliance, and other specialized functions. MSSI houses the Fund Services, Prime Brokerage and Operations functions. These entities are located across two sites in Mumbai - Athena at Mindspace, and Nirlon Knowledge Park (NKP) campus.MSAS and MSSI commenced operations in Bengaluru in 2014. This office currently houses the Technology and Data and Fund Services teams Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details