TITLE: Systems Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Senior Systems Engineer, you will interface with the customer*s IT staff on a regular basis. Either at the client*s site or from a remote location, you will be responsible for resolution of moderately complex technical problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use and repair/ workarounds for Oracle products. You should be highly experienced in some Oracle products and several platforms that are being supported. You will be expected to work with only general guidance from management while advising management on progress/ status. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. Because of substantial customer interfacing, a demonstrated ability to work with customers on an independent basis with exceptional communication skills, while consistently achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction is essential. A Bachelor*s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience is preferred with five years related experience. Experience with Oracle*s core products, applications, and tools is important. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile The Senior Systems Advanced Support Engineer is part of theOracle Advanced Customer Support (ACS) delivery team, delivering consulting& implementation services. The expertise covers Systems Practice solutionsin Oracle Server and Storage Consolidation, Oracle Server and StorageMigration, Oracle Server Virtualisation (Solaris Container/ Domain/ OVM) , OVM forx86, OEL, Oracle Ops Center, Server Performance Analysis/ Capacity Planning, Oracle Solaris Cluster Implementation, Security/ OS hardening, Oracle T- seriesserver and Oracle M5/ M6 Enterprise Server Design and implementation, OracleZS3/ ZS4 storage, Oracle FS1- 2 storage, STK Tape Analytics. The individual will be involved in activities such aspre- study, assessments & consultation, project implementation and pre- salesengagement. A high level of consultative skills is essential to success. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation, headquartered in Redwood Shores, California. The company primarily specializes in developing and marketing database software and technology, cloud engineered systems and enterprise software productsparticularly its own brands of database management systems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details