TITLE: Job|opening for Tech Specialist Software Engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We have below opening with our client for Bangalore location. Interested candidates can share their profiles to nidhi_agarwal@kellyit.co.in Position Purpose: The Tech Specialist, Software Engineer independently engineers secure, scalable and reliable technology solutions for referential applications to advance organization in the global marketplace and serve risk management needs of customers around the world. Referential applications maintain entity, security and product information used by the organization. These data systems across the organization are being consolidated and streamlined to meet the ever-growing needs of the organization. The systems are changing to evolve along with the marketplace and the regulatory climate. Principal Accountabilities: Exhibits language proficiency and independently writes application modules and unit tests as well as designs independently. Contributes to architectural discussions. Interprets and enforces architecture for a development team. Mentors developers, and is influential within company division Develops designs for all aspects of a project; Mentors senior software engineers Exhibits proficiency in SQL knowledge, intermediate in database modeling and skilled in database tuning Defines key metrics driving code optimization and leads discussion of code reviews; Manages environment build deployments, release notes and build notices; Reviews code to proactively identify and mitigate potential issues and defects as well as identify solution problems and issues outside code Defines key metrics driving code optimization and leads discussion of code reviews; Manages environment build deployments, release notes and build notices; Reviews code to proactively identify and mitigate potential issues and defects as well as identify solution problems and issues outside code. Required - Using MVC Frameworks, Spring, Hibernate - Strong understanding in Relational database concepts - Strong knowledge of SQL - Experience with Maven, GIT, html, jsp, css, javascript - Experience working in a Linux environment and open source libraries - Understanding of financial industry concepts is a plus - Agile/lean software development techniques and supporting tools like JIRA - Strong written and verbal communication skills - Experience with TIBCO implementation is a plus A Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related discipline is required; or equivalent combination of education and relevant proven work experience that is required for the specific job level. Experience: Typically 12+ years experience in software development Strong Java development experience Should be a strong Java person for all sort of related solution Strong Database Experience i.e. sql, Oracle etc Financial services industry experience preferred. Regards, Nidhi 08041911805 Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 35,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Java HTML Maven Hibernate Spring JSP Javascript CSS Oracle SQL MVC J2ee Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd. Kelly Services India, a leader in providing workforce solutions, completes a decade of presence in India, serving clients and candidates for Recruitment and Staffing solutions across industries. In this span of time, Kelly built its business organically with a breadth of specialty businesses in the staffing industry. As the demand for technical & professional employees continues to grow in numerous industries all around the world, Kelly continues to answer the call. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details