TITLE: Consultant - Corporate Advisory (Finance)

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The candidate will be working on multiple projects within the industry & infrastructure sector. The responsibilities of the role will include , but not be limited Assessment of techno -economic feasibility of projects Preparation of detailed project reports Financial modelling Business Analysis Technical due diligence Site selection / visit Fixed asset valuation Market research Business re -structuring In doing so , the candidate will have to interface with various stakeholders - both internal and external to ensure timely & satisfactory deliveries consistent with clients' expectations as well as Mott MacDonald standards; ensuring commercial success of the assignments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile We are looking to recruit individual with the right experience to support the advisory team and act as our consultant for a number of projects currently being delivered in industry & infrastructure sector. The successful candidate will lead the continued development of the Mott MacDonald advisory team in India. Our current team has had excellent success in establishing Mott MacDonald in industry , infrastructure & social advisory. We therefore consider that it is the right time to further invest in our business and recruit an experienced individual to build and develop on these existing mandates. Further to the above , Mott MacDonald in India offers advisory services in lenders engineering , technical due diligence , market research , credit debt restructuring , asset valuation , feasibility study , PPP advisory , etc. This is a mid -senior role in advisory team. As a result , the ideal candidate will need to demonstrate the following skills and experience: Minimum of 2 -4 years experience within the manufacturing unit or industrial development projects; Strong understanding of Industrial & Infrastructure sector; Should have 1 -2 years hand -on experience in Project Finance or Investment banking sector; Possess excellent English oral and written communication skills. An understanding of finance with experience in core engineering projects would be advantageous; Demonstrable business management and development skills will be added advantage; Familiar and proficient with project management process; Possess a recognized graduate degree in mechanical or chemical engineering & post -graduate educational degree in finance or CFA or CA; Familiar with construction role and sites in multiple sectors (industry & infrastructure); and , Positive attitude , team player. Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Company Profile: Mott Mac Donald The Mott MacDonald Group is a multidisciplinary consultancy with headquarters in the United Kingdom. It provides engineering, management and development services internationally, with 16,000 staff in 150 countries.[2] Mott MacDonald is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the world.It was established in 1989 by the merger of Mott, Hay and Anderson with Sir M MacDonald & Partners. It has won more than 500 industry awards in the last five years and is among the top ranked firms in the annual league tables published by Engineering News Record and New Civil Engineer. [3] Projects completed by the firm include the Hong Kong International Airport and the Channel Tunne Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details