TITLE: Digital Marketing-manager ,vashi(navi Mumbai)(only Female )

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have opening for Female Candiadtes Only.(Extremely good in communication & presentable.) Shoukld be able to deal with MNC Clients (USA) Our Esteemed client require Manager -Client Servicing Exp. in Digital Marketing. JD- Manager- Client Servicing- 9-11 lakhs Act as the liaison between HGS Interactive and its clients Work closely with clients to nurture & grow the account Create budgets and schedules for client's needs and enforce deadlines for projects Communicate clients' agendas to the execution team Supervise the execution of services by managing the resources/team to complete projects on time and within budget Coordinating with third party vendors involved in execution of the project Managing and growing revenue from existing customers through developing and maintaining strong business relationships Billing & Accounting Strategizing and supporting business development activities Should have managed business of 2 Crs (billing and collection) in a financial year. Should have managed web, Social, and search projects for large MNC clients. Should be working with a reputed Digital Marketing agency. Requirement Ability to manage and generate revenue from existing customers. A customer driven approach and good customer management skills. Commercial acumen, with a proactive and creative approach to looking after the needs and concerns of customers Excellent written verbal, interpersonal, presentation and training skills. Organizational and project management skills Ability to communicate complex technical information to the client Well organized and disciplined with regards to policy, procedure and standards. Should have worked in a similar capacity in a Interactive agency, preferably servicing the BFSI sector Should be acquainted with design related technologies Female candidates preferred Thanks & Regards, Amit 022 41134436 Office No 26, Ashar Estate, Shree Nagar, Wagle Estate, Thane (W), 400604. (022 - 4113 4436 (30 lines) Email: amit@jobsearchindia.in Website: www.jobsearchindia.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search Co. Into Digital MarketingMNC Client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details