TITLE: Business Development Manager- Channel Sales - Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities:- Channel sales experience with Telecom/IT Hardware background Product experience of IT Hardware Servers, PC consumable etc. Result oriented, high emotional intelligence, restless and willing to work under agreed parameters of performance and operating conditions. Maintenance and expands customer base by counselling sales representative; building and maintaining rapport with key customers; identifying new customers opportunities Acquisition of new IT resellers & SI working / representing the technology vendors. Mapping the organization; Generating the new business Candidate with excellent communication and presentation skills with 1 to 2 years of relevant experience in Channel Sales/Direct Sales/Corporate Sales. Hunting new accounts Should have good negotiation Skills. Responsible to close the orders. Create monthly, quarterly sales and service plan on the assigned accounts Mapping the customer entire expansion details and developing sales plan accordingly on the assigned accounts. To prospect, call, identify and seek new channel actively. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Medical Representative Desired Candidate Profile Skills/Qualifications:Graduate with minimum 4-5 years of experience in selling technology products in IT/Telecomindustry.Preferably a P.G. graduate with experience in a MNC or corporate company.Excellent communication & interpersonal selling skills with ability to interact at all levels inorganizations be it CXO levels etc.High achievement record within Channel Sales/ Corporate Sales.Experience in selling video conferencing, telecom products, and network or security products and ITHardware.Move the sale through the entire sales process, actively engaging other company resources asnecessary to ensure success.Result oriented, high emotional intelligence, restless and willing to work under agreed parametersof performance and operating conditions.Worked with an S.I company & IT Resellers.Preferable if sold MS solution Exchange etc. or telecom products PBX or data & security productse.g. Router, firewall, load balancer etc.Kindly share your updated resume at hr@innovatelecom.com or call us at 0120-4518415 Company Profile: Innova Telecom Pvt. Ltd INNOVA (An ISO 9001:2008 Company) is the National Distributor, After Market Services & Technical Support Partner for GN Netcoms Jabra Brand of Hands free Audio End Point Solutions. Innova is the leading headset vendor in India with installed base across all technology platforms such as Analogue, Digital & IP within the Contact center & Unified Communications space. We are focused to co-develop, customize & integrate our Hands Free Audio End Point Solutions with Key Strategic Alliance Partners, to deliver the best in its category 'End User Experience' for Jabra headset adopters. We have matured over the last one decade to create a complete suite of service offerings that are enabled through a nationwide infrastructure network, team of dedicated professionals & an application suite to enable Productivity and Best Value Positioning for Jabra Hands Free Solutions. Our Team is committed towards providing complete Hands-free Audio End Point Solutions through our presence in India Delhi, Noida, Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Ahmadabad & Indore International Singapore : Innova Telecom Pte. Ltd. Australia : Innova Australia & New Zealand Pty. Ltd. We have been successful in maintaining Uniform High Standard of Support through our total commitment towards quality. It is our belief that Voice is your Asset and our team is dedicated to being part of the voice solution, helping you set high standards of voice quality. Please visit our website www.innovatelecom.com & www.headsetsindia.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details