TITLE: Area Sales Manager (E Com)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Achieve assigned new customer acquisition and loan disbursal targets for the year. Achieve assigned business sub -goals - Logins / Approvals / Disbursals Source & Develop leads and find new clients (e -commerce vendors) for the company. Follow up with customer on documentation , sanctions , approvals rejections Work as a liaison between customer and credit. Respond promptly and respectfully to consumer complaints and queries Ensure adherence to - Company Policies (sales / credit / risk) & processes (sales). Budgets & Costs - Works within approved budget and conserves organizational resources Have a credit mind -set. Integrity - Maintains the highest standards of integrity while dealing with companys products and clients. Develop in -depth understanding of the marketplace and provide timely market intelligence on new competition / competition products. Ensures the brand and companies image is upheld in the market Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Capital Float Capital Float is an online platform that provides working capital finance to SMEs in India. We offer flexible , short -term loans that can be used to purchase inventory , service new orders or optimize cash cycles. Borrowers can apply online in minutes , select desired repayment terms and receive funds in their bank accounts in 3 days with minimal hassle. Capital Float is the trade name of Zen Lefin Pvt. Ltd. , a non -banking finance company (NBFC) registered with the RBI. The company is headquartered in Bangalore. Our management team consists of experienced professionals with prior careers in blue -chip companies such as McKinsey & Company , Gokaldas Exports , Oracle , Citibank , Capital First , and Wipro. They also hold advanced degrees from leading universities around the world such as Stanford University , Princeton University , IIT Mumbai , The London School of Economics and Delhi University Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details