TITLE: Structural Design Engineer-offshore

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GREETING FROM COMACOE! Position : Structural Design Engineer-Offshore Job Type : Permanent Job Location : Mira - Bhayander (HeadOffice) Job Description: Study the project specifications, drawings and time schedules. Prepare design of Steel and Concrete structures for temporary & permanent structures based on the most current information from the tender/project specifications, basic design calculation, vendor catalogue and sketches. IS codes and or other international codes as applicable shall be followed for structural design of elements. 3D Modelling in STAAD pro for presentation or for design/checking of structural design shall be carried out as necessitated. Work on detailed design & drawings preparation for structural design of onshore & offshore structures and other general civil engineering structures as demanded in the projects as required. Perform design changes and alterations based on Design Change Notices (DCNs) when required from the clients. Check completed drawings in accordance with project scope, client specifications, standards and procedures. Check/review completed in-house drawings, vendor drawings and drawings done by the design contractor in accordance to the project specifications, standards and quality. Preparation of engineering documents such as Design Basis, Datasheets, Material Specifications & Material Requisitions for all kind of pipeline components and Technical Reports if any requirement associated with design & engineering. Coordinate within the design team for timely completion of work to meet the project schedule. Coordinate with the project team and provide timely design input. Travel to project sites as required for walk downs during design phase for clarity of design. Follow procedures to ensure that a high quality standard is maintained in all structural documentation as per the codes requirements. Review and approval of engineering submissions from sub-contractors, vendors and other departments. Attend design review meetings, Engineering Interface meetings, etc. with Clients/ Contractors, as required. Supervise and guide draughtsman in preparation of various drawings as required project to project like structural detailing, pipeline supports, cross sections, etc. Preparation of BOQ, preliminary design calculations, coordination with vendor for acquisition of inputs for preparation of technical proposals/bidding any project. Effective communication of study results to clients, either through verbal presentation or written reports Lead lesion learned processes to develop design and cost improvement concepts Coordinate with construction organizations and concessionaires in matters relating to designs and design contracts. A committed team player able to work on own initiative with minimum supervision. Carry out administrative duties associated with the structural design and documentation process. Ensure adherence to ISO and HSE standards and procedures while preparing design reports and calculations. Salary:INR 4,25,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Shipping / Marine Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil Company Profile: Coastal Marine Construction Engineering Ltd. COMACOE (www.comacoe.com) is an ISO 9001:2008 Company providing high end transnational offshore hydrography, geophysical, subsea positioning surveys and geotechnical services to the offshore oil & gas, marine infrastructure sector and working in various countries. We are headquartered in Mumbai with branch operations in various countries and have been in existence for more than 25 years in the business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details