TITLE: Reporting and Analyitcs Manager | Mystery Shopping Company

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a consumer research firm focused on new age mystery shopping and works with some of the best brands in India. Their mobile platform powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, they help their clients effectively execute and monitor their brand experience. With over 250 clients across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, the Middle East and the Far East, they are the leading organisation in their industry in India. Their vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly. Leading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them. As a reporting and Analytics manager, you will drive client engagement and help clients make use of the data that the research throws up. You will be expected to create compelling presentations that summarise the research data findings, and you will be expected to derive trends and share recommendations on the basis of the data derived from the research. Your role includes the following : Derive insights from data analysis Identify opportunities, gaps and solutions from the data Conduct research on client business Drive strategic use of data Drive change from feedback Prepare world class reports and presentations for the client to help them get a holistic picture of the research output Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Desired Candidate Profile Should possess excellent communication skills Verbal as well as written.Should have strong presentation making skillsSomeone from marketing research background preferredExcellent analysis and critical thinking skillsAbility to manage and deliver multiple projects at the same time.Ability to build the client relationship for long-term partnershipKnowledge of Data analysis and MIS reportingTier 1 B school PreferredPreferably someone who is working in KPO/ Research/ Analytics companies and has experience in making ppts Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a mobile platform that powers brands to improve their customer experience and revenue. With technology at the core, their one of its kind process penetration software helps their clients effectively execute and monitor their action panning. With over 250 clients cutting across industries and operations in over 2000 locations across India, Middle East and Far East, they are the leading organization in their industry in India. Their vision is to help brands provide best customer experience to each customer and penetrate their practices to the last mile, every time. Their clients are leading retailers across verticals and they have ambitious plans to grow rapidly. Leading investors like IndiaQuotient, Blume Ventures and The Morpheus have backed them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details