TITLE: Executive, Front Office

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opening for a Front Office Executive/ Receptionist at Vikhroli location. Job Description: Responsible for handling of incoming and outgoing calls including distribution. Making sure to demonstrate professional and polite responses in telephone responses. Ensure personal preventability and dress in the assigned uniform Receive, inform, guide visitors including co-ordination with employees Responsible for maintaining the telephone registers including call tracking Preparation of database of Client contacts and updating Responsible for maintenance and upkeep of front office Ensure receipt of magazines and newspapers for the building and ensure display of the latest version in the reception as well as removal of the outdated magazines Ensure compliance of regulations / requirements of JLL management. Provide assistance in general administrative activities Provide assistance to the Help Desk as required Contribute to the Monthly Management Report to (Client) Participate in Emergency Evacuation procedures including crisis management and business continuity. Develop the necessary policies and procedures required for all functions within the scope of Reception To act as a back-up to Help Desk in case of emergency / requirement Responsible for ensuring availability of magazines/ brochures and (Client) directory signage Co-ordinate for flower arrangements Assist in utilization of conference rooms Co-ordinate with Facility team for event management Employee Specification: Experience in Front Desk is required with strong Administration Skills. Strong Customer Service focus Excellent people skills and ability to interact with a wide range of client staff and demands Knowledge of Occupational Safety requirements Strong PC literacy and proven ability to manage daily activities using various systems. Demonstrated experience with continuous improvement initiatives highly desirable Demonstrated experience with client reporting and preparation of reports required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role Category:Other Role:Receptionist Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JLL JLL (NYSE: JLL) is a professional services and investment management firm offering specialized real estate services to clients seeking increased value by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. A Fortune 500 company with annual fee revenue of $5.2 billion and gross revenue of $6.0 billion, JLL has more than 280 corporate offices, operates in more than 80 countries and has a global workforce of more than 60,000. On behalf of its clients, the firm provides management and real estate outsourcing services for a property portfolio of 4.0 billion square feet, or 372 million square meters, and completed $138 billion in sales, acquisitions and finance transactions in 2015. Its investment management business, LaSalle Investment Management, has $59.1 billion of real estate assets under management. JLL is the brand name, and a registered trademark, of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details