TITLE: Security Governance

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Short Description Security Governance with 3yrs to 9yrs for Bangalore/Mumbai Location Qualifications Job Responsibilities Skill: Security Governance (IT Audit) Location :Bangalore/Mumbai Exp:3yrs to 8yrs Job Description : Mandatory requirements 1. CISA certification is desirable 2. IT Audit experience Basic Qualifications 1. Experience with IT Controls testing / auditing (SSAE 16 SOC reports) 2. Manages own time and audit activities / participants per strict schedules 3. Demonstrates ability to communicate clear and concrete audit requirements to audit members. 4. Ability to multitask and work on various audits and projects in different phases 5. Ability to make good judgments based on observations and supporting information 6. Good interpersonal skills, including oral and written communications, listening, interviewing, fostering open communications, facilitating and influencing 7. Analytical and inquisitive, dig deep to obtain a solid understanding of business processes and IT controls 8. Take responsibility for assigned tasks, understanding and achieving expectations 9. Recognize opportunities and propose solutions to improve business processes 10. 5 - 7 years experience within audit and/or IT Controls 11. 5 -7 years experience within information technology industry 12. Formal Auditor training and certification CISA is desirable 13. Willingness to Travel 14. Work in Shifts, probably between 12.30 PM to 11.30 PM (May adjust as per the Day light savings time) 15. B1 visa (USA) is desirable Job description 16. Responsible for coordination of IT Control assurance audits 17. Interacts with external auditors and internal delivery personnel to ensure timely and accurate delivery of audit evidence / control testing. 18. Maintains regular contact with external Auditors, internal management, and Service Delivery regarding status, issues and risks 19. Common activities could include: a. Maintain audit scope document b. Maintain client application matrices and exemptions c. Formal annual review conducted in Q4 d. Maintain audit Team room and security to the individual TROOMs e. Maintain control owner list f. Meet with external auditor to review request list and address any issues/concerns; 20. Coordinators own the request list and all updates until first Tuesday after fieldwork begins 21. Send out request items to controls owners, providing location to populate evidence and when required 22. Review audit evidence when received to verify accuracy and completeness 23. Provide status report to audit lead, IT Controls lead, and external auditor field lead with status of evidence obtained. 24. Internal measures should track timeliness and completeness 25. Escalate past-due and incomplete 26. Request evidence, review evidence, maintain Troom, follow up communications, including reminders 27. Weekly meeting with external auditor, IT Controls lead, and audit coordinators to review issues and risks, not detailed activities 28. Weekly meeting with external auditor, audit leads to review detail status items 29. Create control objective testing schedule: based upon defined control priorities. This schedule also used as input into the timeline required for audit evidence (populations and samples) including follow up 30. Monitor, report status and escalate issues or risks within the plan; internal metrics to include: actual vs. Planned, accuracy of testing (i.e. Does External auditor India or External auditor US disagree with the results) 31. Provide weekly status report to External auditor and IT Controls lead on Friday 32. Facilitate and update management response for deficiencies 33. Review draf Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details