TITLE: Art Director | Largest Online Wellness E-commerce Co

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is the largest beauty services market place in India.It is the fastest way of finding and booking appointments with the best of salons, spas, doctors and diagnostic centers. It has the largest and highly sticky network of salons and spas. Founded by IIT Bombay and IIT Kharagpur alumni in 2010, the company is based in Mumbai. Last year alone, the startup has had over 600,000 transactions, and with a new round of investment, they are poised for further growth. The firm is present in 5 cities with 6000 salons and spas and has launched its smartphone app, which enables users book appointments on the go. It has attained a category leadership position in a very short period and is the sole Marketplace in the Beauty Services category. After their Series B funding round, its looking at the next level of growth. As a Art Director , you will be responsible for the following : Design the core look of the brand that caters to women Create engaging communication for the brand on social media channels Design impactful communication in tactical media such as events and roadshows Lead a team of designers and ensure continuity in the brand look across media Have an advertising mindset Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Creative Director Desired Candidate Profile 6+ years design experience in advertising agenciesÂ Comfortable in creating ready to print materialExperience in creating online communication and knowledge of typical online specificationsComfortable in leading a design teamExperience in working alongside a copywriter and designing expressive creative materialÂ Experience in working on beauty/ fashion/ lifestyle category. Should have created some design material catering to womenCan work comfortably with deadlines Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is basically like a Zomato for beauty saloons and spas. Founded in 2009 by IIT, Bombay and IIT, Kharagpur alumni, it offers the fastest way of finding and booking appointments with the best of salons, spas, doctors and diagnostic centers. The platform empowers people to explore and find spas, healthcare, salon and diagnostic centres across four cities, including Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai. It has a network of over 6000 service providers and it has facilitated over 6,00,000 transactions last year. It aims to simplify healthcare by bridging the gap between healthcare service providers and consumers, thereby facilitating consumers to avail the best healthcare facilities available. It is well funded by Orios Venture Partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details