TITLE: ETL Developer (Team Lead/Tech Lead) - BWE

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position is for Bank of the West Project Qualified and motivated candidate to be responsible for proper ETL development , standards and best practices , collaborating with existing ETL resources to set cutting edge industry standards. The role: 1. Manages development and testing tasks and ensuring adherence to previously agreed to timelines communicating status. 2. Evaluates the integration a various data sources like Oracle , SQL server , VSAM and sequential files into staging area and recommends and /or implements efficiencies. 3. Counsels team members on the evaluation of data using the Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) toolkit. Applies data analysis , data cleansing , data matching , exception handling , and reporting and monitoring capabilities of IDQ 4. Performs technical walk -through as needed to communicate design /coded solution and to seek input from team members. 5. Develops ETL processes using Informatica , ETL control tables , error logging , auditing , data quality , etc. 6. Implements data cleanup procedures , transformations , scripts , stored procedures , and execution of test plans for loading the data successfully into the targets Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details