TITLE: AGM /DGM

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for ad revenues & meeting the monthly targets for all the magazines. Meeting FMCG clients and media agencies to ensure business generation. Tracking competition regularly. Requirements: Local market experience is a must. The incumbent should have had a thorough understanding & exposure to FMCG clients and advertising agencies Media sales (print media , newspaper and magazine experience preferred). Critical to have strong agency relations. Very good written and oral communication skills Personality should be dynamic and very positive. Should have had a proven sales track record , preferably with new products. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Aspiration Aspiration , a specialized boutique Recruitment Agency , launched in 2002 has grown from 2 clients to over 100 and has earned a recognition of being a leading Agency for the Media / Entertainment / Advertising sectors enjoying long standing relationships with each one of our clients and candidates. Our Founder Sarabjeet Sachar's industry experience of over 3 decades , his outstanding connections within the Largest Media Corporate world & a personal commitment to first understand and then be understood , makes us stand out from the maze of consultants. And as our clients testify , our success is based on deep understanding of the domain and knowing the industry like the back of our hand. With a combined team experience of over 4 decades backed by conducting thousands of interviews , our expertise lies in separating the wheat from the chaff. No wonder we get the FIRST CALL from clients and candidates alike. We are the first and the only agency in theniche in India offering a holistic approach to a Job search. We offer services beyond Recruitment of developing a Power Resume , LinkedIn Profile Branding and Job Search Guidance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details