TITLE: TCoE - QA Lead / Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE: QA Manager SUMMARY: The candidate should have 7 -8 yrs of experience. The candidate will be responsible for all the QA process related activities across TCoE. The candidate should be self -motivated and proactive. The candidate should be able work effectively in fast paced environments. Experience /Skills: Strong knowledge of test process and execution techniques Expertise in Test Strategizing , Test Approach Communicating with the client /project teams to guide / consult on processes and collate metrics for publishing Dashboards. Experience in conducting Audits and proposing corrective actions to projects. Ability to implement KPI / Dashboards. Publish / Recommend KPIs and Dashboards. Exposure to CMMI , TMMI Models. Experience in Agile and Waterfall Test Models , Estimation Models and Techniques. Enforce that the outputs of metrics generated from process KPIs are used to drive continual improvement of TCoE services Periodic reviews and conduct audits to guarantee the compliance of processes and products with regard to the reference document. Test Process Improvement activities. Contribute to the Test Process Improvement activities , ensuring that all results of test reviews are analyzed and improvements prioritized and addressed. Ensure that Key risks in the testing process are identified and managed. Ensure the enforcement of defined quality control points , along with timely escalation of any non -conformity , and follow up of the corrective actions until closure. Support /Coach Project /Application Test Managers , Test Leads , Testers in implementing applicable Test Policy and Standards. Improvise and Establish Quality Assurance framework Work with the Project team to coach and adapt CIB TCoE Test Policy , Test Strategy and other test processes. Maintain all quality policies documents Support /Coach Project /Application Test Managers , Testers in implementing applicable policies and standards. Facilitate training and manage training documents Track and report quality related incidents Implement quality awareness to ensure quality principles are disseminated throughout TCoE. Recommend the maturity of test processes Share best practices and learnings from day to day service delivery experience across projects with help of Service Delivery team Education: BE or equivalent Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details