TITLE: Selenium Test Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Selenium Tester Role Experience in Automation Framework Designing, Executing and maintaining automated test scripts. Good working experience and knowledge of Selenium IDE, RC & strong SQL knowledge. Good Java script knowledge Tracking, Bug Reporting activities and Risk Analysis. Having Very good knowledge SDLC, QA process and AGILE methodology. Job Specification / Skills 2 to 4 years experience with Selenium Webdriver In - depth knowledge of testing Web - based applications. Familiarity with SDLC, quality standards and test methodologies. Experience writing front end test harnesses. Experience with Selenium frameworks preferred Having Experience in Software Testing, which includes Test case Authoring, Test Execution, Defect Having Experience in Functional and Regression / Integration and Smoke testing. Having Experience in using defect - tracking tools. Having Experience in implementing Test plans, Test Frame Identifying and reporting the faults / errors using HP QC / QTP defect tracking tool. Primary Skill Selenium Experience - 2 to 4 years Location - Mumbai Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details