TITLE: Job Opening for SAP MM Consultant With CIN in Bangalore Location.

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GreetingsHave a wonderful day!!! Position:46+ Job Title: SAP MM Consultant(CIN) Exp: 4+ Years. Work Location: Bangalore. (Contract to Hire position) Job description: SAP MM Consultants / Senior Consultants SAP MM Consultant 1) The resource should have atleast 4 -8 years of SAP MM/WM Experience and good experience in Procurement or Inventory Domain 2) Should have atlest 2-5 end to end Implementations and support experience 3) Should be able to handle MM/WM independently and will be working with the client directly 4) Should have good experience in Taxation. 5) Should be strong in CIN(Country Version India). 6) The resource should be comfortable to travel any part of the world If project demands. 7) Resource should have to be an Professional graduation At least 3 years functional experience and 4 - 5 years SAP MM experience Any industry SAP MM Any Professional Graduation If interested, kindly send me your updated resume to kalithas.s@bct-consulting.com. If your profile match with this JD please share bellow details Total Exp: Relevant Exp: Current Company (Payroll): Current CTC: Expected CTC: Current Location: PAN card No. Notice Period: NOTE: Kindly refer your friends who are interested in this opening. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAP MM WM Cin Data Center Country Version India SAP MM consultant MM consultant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BCT Consulting Bahwan cybertek has a state-of-the-art Offshore Research and Integration Lab at Chennai, India and a Data Centre at Muscat, Oman. In today's digital world where economy and communication depend heavily on the Internet Infrastructure, we pride ourselves on having an extensive fault-tolerant data Centre and a CMMi Level 5 Center of Excellence to provide world class IT product and services to its valued customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details