TITLE: PMO- Delivery Coordinating & Reporting

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PMO - Delivery Coordinating & Reporting || 3 to 6 years || Mumbai We are Hiring for PMO role within our team in Mumbai location. Specification / Skill / Experience Role Brief - The selected candidates will be part of the Sogeti Ireland Delivery Team and play a key part in Delivery Coordinating & Reporting. The project is domain specific and requires good knowledge in below areas. Roles and Responsibilities Is responsible for the daily activity of Delivery Forecast, Actual, etc Coordinating between Delivery Managers, Project Managers, Engagement Leads, Finance Team, Management, etc The individual will be assisting the Delivery Team with all kind of support in relation to reporting & Data analysis. Good Knowledge of Delivery & Financial Concept Intermediate for the Delivery Manager / Engagement Lead & Finance Team Quick Responsive for all requests & information. Exposure to Delivery MIS and should able to analyze Delivery data and prepare reports, Statements and Projections. Adhere the deadlines & maintain the Quality parameters & should be good in Ms Office applications. Should be SMART & Proactive, Self Driven, Analytical and able to handle huge database. Required Skills Strong Domain Knowledge Good spoken English and communication skills Sound knowledge of MS - Office Proactive approach and a can do attitude Ability to follow instructions Experience: 3 to 6 years Location : Mumbai Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details