TITLE: Solaris Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Solaris Advanced Administration 10 & 11 Scripting knowledge, specifically with Perl and Korn shell Willing to work 24 / 7 Day to day proactive monitoring. Capacity Planning. OS installation and troubleshooting Patch installation and management SOLARIS Volume manager,Veritas volume manager SUN & Veritas cluster admnistatration ZFS , SOLARIS ZONES administration SOLARIS LDAP administration Must be able to determine when a server is in a "distressed" state, e.g. network performing badly, short of swap space, short of RAM, overloaded CPU, overloaded I / O subsystem. Understand how to gather more information and recommend a solution. In - depth knowledge of TCP / IP, BIND, LDAP, Logical volume manager, networking, Firewall rules, Experience of working on and managing complex technical systems and environments Excellent written & Verbal communication Experience on SMG, ITIL process and tools ( Incident / Problem / Change) Knowledge on BMC Remedy / ITSM or any ticketing tools Ability to work independently Provide Capacity reports to Management on weekly basis for future planning s / Quarterly / Year end closing etc. Use to plan and coordinate with SAP Basis Admin for SAP refresh activities. Managed daily workflow assignment, ticket routing, Critical situation team management for the professionals located remotely in the US and Internationally. ORACLE OVM Basic knowledge on SUSE Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details