TITLE: ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT Oracle CRM Mumbai and Sweden

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD Required Experience 9 years Required Designation M1 / M2 Location Onshore - Sweden Total Requirement 1 Roles and Responsibilities Lead the team in proposing and implementing industry- standard and world class Oracle CRM solution encompassing Legacy and Cloud based Oracle products. Define solution strategies and roadmaps for the enterprise working closely with Senior Leadership. Builds our image and reputation to the client and the market place. Ownership & design of balanced end- to- end solutions that meet the business requirements, taking into account the key group architecture disciplines (Business, Data, Application, Technology, Integration, Security etc.) , technical governance and application of design principles e.g. application performance optimization, modular design, re- use, scalability etc. Identify relevant standards, best practices, reference and segment architectures and technology services Deliver technical governance and best practice design principles highlighting optimization, re- use, future proofing. Drive solution definition aligned with the client s strategic programs and work with delivery to ensure right implementation. Required Skills / Experience 5 years as an Enterprise Architect on any CRM Platform ideally within the area of Marketing/ Loyalty. Excellent understanding of systems integration practices, Middleware systems, and SOA. Experience with Agile, Iterative and Waterfall Methodologies. Hands- on technology knowledge and recognized expertise in marketing cloud tools and technologies (preferably Oracle Responsys, Oracle Bluekai & Oracle SRM) Proficiency with marketing automation best practices, lead management and performance reporting. (preferably Oracle Responsys) Awareness and experience of Architecture Patterns. Strong understanding of Cross- Channel Marketing, Program orchestration, Campaign Management, Mobile Marketing and Analytics. Ability to communicate complex matters concisely, boiling down core issues to their essence, and influence decision- making at various organizational levels through focused conversation and detailed knowledge of the subject Strong analysis skills; the ability to make critical business recommendations and think strategically Exceptional problem- solving skills, with an ability to influence and negotiate with peers, cross- functional partners and senior leaders. Hands on experience in Cloud based solution design, development, automation, architecture and implementation is preferred. Experience in leading architecture design for Customer Experience (CX) solutions and actionable Customer 360 degree views projects would be a plus. Experience in Web Customer Service, Cross Channel Contact Center solution design would be a plus. Retail domain experience would be a plus. ITAC/ TOGAF certifications would be a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details