TITLE: C Software Engineer - STAR IRD

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this There are asset -class specific deal capture systems at BNP Paribas for managing the capture and worflow through their lifetime of Interest Rate Derivatives , Bonds , Repos , Foreign Exchange and Credit Default Swaps. These are used globally across all time zones. The applications are multi -tiered , primarily developed in VC , with strong usage of Oracle PL /SQL , IBM MQ , TIBCO RV and Oracle Coherence These applications are mature and critical for the workflow of IRDs , Bonds , Repo , Foreign Exchange and CDSs deals in the bank Work on these applications is a combination of M&E , including significant new functional changes to keep up with the demands of the market , development to prepare and serve the ambitions of the business and regular technical evolution. These applications are manned by a team of Business Analysts , developers and testers , spread across London and Mumbai , with programme management in London. The Developer Would report functionally to aspecific application Team Lead / Project Manager based in Mumbai / London Is expected to learn about the product and all parts of the system at code level the code that makes it work Is required to frequently interact (by mail / chat / phone / Video Conference) with business Analysts , other application and architecture teams , production support in multiple locations , mostly in London and Singapore. Would participate and contribute to the projects design , estimation , release and post release activities May be required to work on a rota for 3 rd line support including support from home as part of a global rota system. The role is of an individual contributor who is expected to take on tasks independently and own them across all stages of the SDLC. Pl note : The team is made of very senior technicians globally who create tools and support the functional application teams by being leaders on matters of technology. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas has had a presence in India for over 150 years having established its first branch in Kolkata, in 1860. With this unparalleled experience of the Indian market, it is among the leading corporate banks in the country. Through its branches in eight key cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Pune BNP Paribas offers sophisticated solutions in its three core businesses Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking many of them in association with strong local partners Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details