TITLE: Executive- Proactive & Real-time Assurance

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Mandate This person is responsible for managing Proactive & Real-time Assurance: Will monitor all key customer & process SLAs real-time and escalate issues to respective teams for immediate resolution. Key Responsibilities Proactive & Real-time Assurance : Overall responsibility for real-time monitoring of customer SLAs for all CS operations (Specific CS function) Ensure immediate resolution of all customer impacting issues through escalations to respective teams and functions. Identify and validate key customer and process KPIs/SLAs/TATs to be monitored Prepare Business rule for the processes. Define threshold levels for each identified KPI/SLA/TAT to raise service escalations Ensure service escalations are raised to the appropriate teams Design configurable dash-boards and reports High-light reoccurrence of issues ; to be taken up by designated CS leaders Continuous improvement and innovation for Command Centre operations Manage Planned & unplanned events impacting CS operations pertaining to Technical / ISO Incidences outages and planned downtimes events for change implementation . In charge of Crisis Management support from the Operations center. Executives - backend provisioning , mobility experience preferred, showroom executives , coordinators Key Result Areas 1.Real-time Monitoring of the Process KPIs. 2.Ensure delivery as per defined TAT and accuracy levels 3.Timely delivery of the information to the action owners. 4.Close looping with stakeholders within SLA. 5.Timely escalations for maintaining process KPIs as defined. 6.Manage Real time corrections in the process KPIs. 7.Maintain green status on all KPIs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Abyss Horizon Consulting P L LEADING RECRUITMENT FIRM Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details