TITLE: Senior Executive - Content Writer (product) - Bangalore

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opportunity for below position Designation: Executive/Senior Executive-Content Writer(Product) Qualification:BE/MBA/Mass Communication Years of Experience: 1 - 8 yrs Role & Responsibilities: Should have hands on Superior language skills. To be good in Content curriculum design. Learning pedagogy knowledge preferred. Should have Content development/technical writing experience. Have L & D content development in companies in different sectors retail, hospitality, IT,/ITES, insurance, BFSI,Gems and Jewelry,Apparel,Beauty and Wellness,Tourism and Hospitality,Media and Entertainment,Life Sciences etc Research and collate information pertaining to any job role. Interact with SME to collect prompt information/ knowledge. Develop quality content by following the principles of Instructional Design (Pedagogy). Work with other writers to develop content in prescribed formats. Focus to be laid on Tactual Learners while developing content to suit the comprehension skills of the target audience. Follow quality guidelines laid by NSDC, SSC Create Curriculum and TDP by following National Occupational Standards and Blooms Taxonomy Proof read content created earlier and by colleagues Aptitude and ability to take ownership of documentation-related projects Willingness and desire to grow and develop in a fast-paced, exciting environment Work with a group of content writers to develop QP aligned content. Meeting the quality guidelines as per the committed delivery schedule for the following focus sectors. Key Skills/Software Expertise Creative, quirky and ability to think of new ideas Relevant Exp. experience in content creation for vocational training is preferred. Ability to avoid Plagiarism and Defamatory sentences while writing content. Proficiency in MS office. Proficiency in Adobe Design, PDF, and other document publishing software, Authoring Tools will be an added advantage. Work Location: Bangalore (Jaymahal) Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills Content Development Content Writing Technical Writing content writer SOE writer creative writer content developer Content develope Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Advertising/Mass Communication Company Profile: LabourNet Services India Private Limited, Website address : www.labournet.in LabourNet was started in the year 2006 as an initiative of Movement for Alternatives for Youth Awareness (MAYA), a non-governmental organization based in Bangalore. It began largely as an effort to provide a one-stop platform for unorganised sector workers to obtain services which are currently available and accessible by formal sector workers. Today, LabourNet stands as a separate sustainable entity which is exclusively working towards building an ecosystem that will empower the informal sector workers - estimated to be about 400 million -and provide access to this workforce for economic development. LabourNet is a social enterprise that creates sustainable benefits for workers in the informal sector by offering them a platform to access services. It provides financial inclusion, social protection and welfare services to unorganised workers, builds capacities of workers and markets their services to customers. LabourNet focuses on improving workers lives through seven strategies: * Enabling workers to build an identity * Improving productivity through a process of continuous assessment and skill training * Facilitating work linkages * Providing workers with information to live in the city * Facilitating access to accident insurance as a first step to social security * Linking workers to state sponsored social protection schemes (i.e. construction workers welfare board, unorganised sector workers welfare board etc.) * Facilitating financial inclusion by opening bank accounts and encouraging workers to participate in bank linked savings programmes LabourNet is supported by National Skill Development Corporation of India, besides other funding and knowledge partners. LabourNet is the Certified partner of NSDC. LabourNet was started in the year 2006 as an initiative of Movement for Alternatives for Youth Awareness (MAYA), a non-governmental organization based in Bangalore. It began largely as an effort to provide a one-stop platform for unorganised sector workers to obtain services which are currently available and accessible by formal sector workers. Today, LabourNet stands as a separate sustainable entity which is exclusively working towards building an ecosystem that will empower the informal sector workers - estimated to be about 400 million -and provide access to this workforce for economic development. LabourNet is a social enterprise that creates sustainable benefits for workers in the informal sector by offering them a platform to access services. It provides financial inclusion, social protection and welfare services to unorganised workers, builds capacities of workers and markets their services to customers. LabourNet focuses on improving workers lives through seven strategies: * Enabling workers to build an identity * Improving productivity through a process of continuous assessment and skill training * Facilitating work linkages * Providing workers with information to live in the city * Facilitating access to accident insurance as a first step to social security * Linking workers to state sponsored social protection schemes (i.e. construction workers welfare board, unorganised sector workers welfare board etc.) * Facilitating financial inclusion by opening bank accounts and encouraging workers to participate in bank linked savings programmes LabourNet is supported by National Skill Development Corporation of India, besides other funding and knowledge partners. LabourNet is the Certified partner of NSDC. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details