TITLE: Sales Operations

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Will share the proforma invoice /estimate with the clients via Sales force system. Will close the empanelment procedure at the Client s end. Will raise the vouchers request in Back Office (BO) as per the designed system. Should get the voucher request approved from the Marketing Authority & Accounts team. Should generate the Codes & give the codes a Unique discount - Id to be generated to track the redemption. Should share the codes with the client along with the TnC s. In case there are locks , share the details with Tech Team for applying Locks /conditions. Will confirm with the client regarding the receipt of codes. Will co -ordinate with Accounts for Debit note (Invoices) /Tax Invoices. Will sign and share the duplicate hard copy back to the Accounts for their records. Should co -ordinate with the Admin Team to get all the Invoices scanned & send to the client on their communication address. Should deal with the existing accounts for payments & other related issues. Should generate revenue from existing /new clients by offering our other products. Should co -ordinate with the bo /sales force internal concern to get the issue fixed (if any). Should have excellent communication skills (written & verbal). Excellent communication skills (written & verbal). Should posses Clients handling experience. Should work under pressure. "}" data -sheets -userformat="{"2":513 ,"3":{"1":0} ,"12":0}"Should possess Clients handling experience. Excellent communication skills (written & verbal). Should posses Clients handling experience. Should work under pressure. "}" data -sheets -userformat="{"2":513 ,"3":{"1":0} ,"12":0}"Should work under pressure. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: BigTree Entertainment Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. is India's premiere comprehensive ticketing , information and analysis solutions provider. Established since 1999 , Bigtree started by setting up India's first entertainment ticketing company , with the aid of a profitable investment made by Chase Capital Partners JP Morgan. It provides cinemas and event organizers as well as the consumers a complete range of solution through call centers , Internet ticketing , kiosk and a mobile ticketing platform. Today Bigtree's tentacles extend across the entire matrix of the motion picture distribution and exhibition. With a dedicated team of over 300 people , Bigtree is poised for growth in each sphere of its operations. Bigtree has also significantly attracted renowned investors like the TV18 group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details