TITLE: Product Architect - SOA/ EDA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Designs overall system and solution architecture, system integration, and implementation strategy. - As expert in multiple technical areas and domain areas, expected to solve wicked problems and provide timely solutions. - Relevant innovation in technology, tools, processes with a close watch on the world outside through concepts, benchmarks and evaluations. - Ensure target architecture and technology roadmaps are aligned with business values, needs and strategy. - Be on the constant look out for problems to solve that impede progress on quality, efficiency. - Provide technical expertise on the wide suite of products to ensure that our salespeople are proposing feasible solutions to our customers. - Should be completely hands on in coding and should be willing to code. Have the right focus towards best practices like coding standards and other industry standards. - 8 - 12 yrs of Strong programming experience in any language. - Should have experience in handling distributed teams. - Good written and verbal communication skills. - Ability to manage multiple tasks under pressure with tight deadlines. - Experience in product development with Service Oriented Architecture [SOA] and Event Driven Architecture (EDA) is an added advantage. - Candidates from Healthcare industry are preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Solution Architecture System Integration Verbal Communication Product Development Product Architect Service Oriented Architecture programming Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Confidential Leading Internet Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details