TITLE: DATA CONTROL SPECIALIST

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DATA CONTROL SPECIALIST EMPLOYMENT STATUSFull Time Regular (Local Hire) LOCATIONMumbai - India ABOUT THIS JOB Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) offers the opportunity as an experienced Data Control Specialist to join the team in Mumbai, India KEY RESPONSIBILITIES/ ACCOUNTABILITIES * Under direct supervision, provides support to Procurement staff. * Input sand verifies correctness of data. * Timely order conversions from purchase requisitions considering predefined criteria. * Follow up with the suppliers to get timely confirmations on the orders. * Maintain good communication with cross functions & suppliers to assure timely delivery of materials and services. * Resolve inbound shipment issue with logistics & warehouse. * Resolve delivery, quality issues and cost through problem solving and supplier performance improvements. * Assist in the identification and elimination of non-value added steps in the supply chain. * Follow up with the accounts payable and vendors to resolve invoice issues. * Extracting and analyzing reports and then generating/ maintaining graphical representation and dashboards for purchasing department. * Prepares and maintains routine data files and reports in compliance with established policies. * Actively uses continuous improvement tools to improve quality, delivery and customer satisfaction. * Assists with special projects as assigned. Conducts all business activities in accordance with Baker Hughes Health, Safety and Environmental policies, Legal Compliance requirements and Baker Hughes Core Values. ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS/ REQUIREMENTS * Diploma or Bachelor Degree in commerce / science * 1- 2 years of experience in Supply chain * Good MS-Excel Knowledge and SAP - MMPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS/ REQUIREMENTS * Good written and verbal communication skills. * Good analytical, math, communication and interpersonal skills. COMPANY OVERVIEW Baker Hughes is a leading supplier of oilfield services, products, technology and systems to the worldwide oil and natural gas industry. By being the service company that best anticipates, understands and exceeds our customers' expectations, Baker Hughes Advances Reservoir Performance. The company's 39, 000-plus employees work in more than 80 countries in geomarket teams that help customers find, evaluate, drill, produce, transport and process hydrocarbon resources. Baker Hughes' technology centers in the world's leading energy markets are pushing the boundaries to overcome progressively more complex challenges. Baker Hughes develops solutions designed to help manage operating expenses, maximize reserve recovery and boost overall return on investment through the entire life cycle of an oil or gas asset. Collaboration is the foundation upon which Baker Hughes builds our business and develops next-generation products and services for drilling and evaluation, completions and production and fluids and chemicals. For more information on Baker Hughes' century-long history, visit our website./ / / Baker Hughes is an Equal Employment Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, gender, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, race, national origin, ethnic origin, color, disability status, veteran status, religion, sexual orientation or any other protection guaranteed by local law.If you are applying to a position in the US and you are an individual with disability or a disabled veteran status, religion, sexual orientation or any other protection guaranteed by local lawran and would like any type of assistance to submit an application or to attend any recruitment or selection event, we would like to help you to ensure that your experience is as smooth as possible. If you need assistance, information, or answers to your questions, feel free to contact us or have any of your representatives contact us atBaker Hughes Application Assistance Toll Free at 1-866-324-4562.This method of contact has been put in placeONLYto be used by those internal and external applicants who have a disability and are requesting accommodation.For all other inquiries on your application, log in to your profile and click on theMy Jobpagetab. General application status inquiries will not be handled by the call center./ Job: *Manufacturing Title: DATA CONTROL SPECIALIST Location: MIDDLE EAST-INDIA-Maharashtra-NAVI MUMBAI Requisition ID: 1605609 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Baker Hughes - The Network A top-tier oilfield service company with a century-long track record, Baker Hughes delivers solutions that help oil and gas operators make the most of their reservoirs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details