TITLE: GFS Program Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GFS Program Manager 15 yrs of experience Mumbai / Bangalore Detailed - Job Description I) Job Requirements: Information Technology (IT) Sr. Manager / Associate Director Global Financials Systems Minimum 16 to 18 years experience in IT Minimum 12 to 14 years of experience in managing project using ERP software Oracle Financials Should have managed projects involving ancillary software products such as reporting tools, Tax engines, Invoicing tools around Oracle Financials with Global Spread (North America, Europe & Indian Sub continent) Should have good understanding of financial processes in professional services industry Must have managed new development projects as well as Run operations in global setting Should be able to converse, build & maintain relationship with company top finance executives Should be capable of mapping finance processes to system functionalities. Experience in running workshop with finance executives to put forward technology Solution to critical business process to drive technology driven process re - engineering Experience in building and managing team of consultants to evolve domain competency to support business growth and acquisitions In depth knowledge of software development life cycle process. Must be conversant with Quality processes. Excellent communication skills. Mandatory Skills Should have worked on ERP platform Oracle Financials and surrounding applications in reporting, treasury tools Should have experience in working with Oracle Support & Oracle Development Should be able to provide functional solutions to the problems Should have experience of working with foreign clients Should have excellent verbal and written communication skills Should have very good documentation skills Optional Skills Project Management & Program Management PMP or similar Certification will be preferred but not required Should be able to provide functional guidance to the team Additional Information / Comments about the project Should be based out of Bangalore or Mumbai Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details