TITLE: Deputy Manager / Manager - Contracts

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Degree in CivilÂ Engineering with 7-15 yrs experience in medium & large infrastructure projectsÂ as contract administrator. Should have thorough knowledge of Contracts & contract laws, risk analysis, cost estimation, estimation of claims / variances, Drafting of letters, EOT and Claims etc. Candidates should be well experienced in complex negotiations and handling of enquiries regarding contract obligations and revisions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role Category:Other Role:Legal Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil Company Profile: Gammon India limited Gammon India Limited is one of the leading Construction companies in India today.The company was established by late Mr. J.C.Gammon in 1919 as a firm of Civil Engineers & Contractor which in 1922 was incorporated as a Private Limited Company under the name of J. C. Gammon (Bombay) Pvt. Ltd. The firm went public in 1962 and was rechristened as Gammon India Limited.The first work carried out by Mr. J. C. Gammon was the construction of reinforced concrete pile foundations for Gateway of India. Since then, the Company has executed many multiferrous civil engineering works from Cotton Godowns to Bridges/flyovers, Marine Structures, Cooling Towers, Chimneys, Tunnels and Dams in India and in the middle-east. Gammon are the pioneers of prestressed concrete in India. Today, the Company can claim for the largest numbers of bridges and flyovers built in India. With over 80 years of tradition in the field of construction, Gammon is a name that is inextricably woven into the fabric of India. To keep pace with its growth plans and to execute upcoming projects, Gammon requires result-oriented professionals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details