TITLE: Opening for Tamil & Hindi Translation & Proof Reading

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 3-6 Yrs of experience in the field of Language translations,copy writing, proofreading and editing.Â Excellent command of Â English language with the ability to provide clear and concise oral and written communication in the Source and Target language. Ability to understand basic elements of Source and Target language. The candidate must be proficient in English and required Target language. Candidate must have Strong oral & written knowledge of the language.Â Experience of working on different CAT tools such as Google Translate, SDL Studio, Babylon or any other online translation tools will be preferred. Passion for language and flare to translate content in the target language directly. Experience as a language translator, linguist, copywriter, writer or editor. Solid translation and linguistic skills. Detail-oriented, quality-focused and proactive, with strong ability to manage projects. Good knowledge of Native languages technical aspects is a must like different font assemblies, there application on the internet, different typing methods and keyboards, complexities of the language on the technical tools etc. Excellent typing and comprehension speed in English and Target language both. Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 7,50,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Editing Copy Writing Proof Reading Hindi Translation Tamil Translation Translation translator language interpreter regional translation hindi translator Telgu translator tamil translator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Techs to Suit Inc www.techstosuit.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details