TITLE: SEO Team Lead Jobs

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 4 years of relevant SEO industry experience. Minimum 1 year of team management experience. Intimate knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tool. Knowledge of promotions on Google /Yahoo /Bing. In Depth understanding of Search Engine spider behavior. Strong writing & communication skills. Ability to use statistical analysis reporting tools. Job Description The Candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing SEO strategies for large websites in addition to training , mentoring , managing a team of professional SEO engineers. Leading a team of SEO professionals to positive results for clients. Building new SEO strategies per project. Finding niche ideas and getting them executed. Setting up sites correctly in terms of Analytics and Webmaster tools. Setting up processes to monitor progress using web tools. Preparing and sending weekly / monthly reports to clients. Reporting back to project managers on project status and needs from the clients. Key Skills SEO Management Team building Google Analytic Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Pulse Solutions Pulse Solutions is a Professional Web design company delivering web successes since 1997. As a full service agency we create responsive websites , custom web applications , mobile applications , eCommerce enabled systems and online promotion strategies.Business ConsultingBusiness Consulting is one of our core services , our consultants are based in 3 countries with collective experience of over 25 years in designing and building systems.Web ApplicationsWe are a full service web application development company focused on building world class web 2.0 solutions using the best in technology.Mobile Application DevelopmentA simple mobile phone can become a very powerful tool for accessing , manipulating and consuming information. We can make Smart phones a powerful tool for your business.Responsive Web DesignOur Web design experts deliver business ready responsive sites. We have won awards for retail websites , corporate sites , SAAS apps and service oriented sites.EcommerceSelling online is the next logical step for all businesses. We specialize in building innovative ecommerce systems to sell products , subscriptions and services online.Online MarketingOnline Marketing uses the Internet to reach potential users of products and services , Pulse SEO engineers deliver exceptional results for many industries and audience types Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details