TITLE: Client Servicing & Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are having an urgent opening for the post of Client Servicing & Business development at Lalbaug. Experience: 0 to 1 year with an Advertising Agency Company Size: Mid- size creative agency Preferred location of the candidate: Central, South Mumbai & Central Suburbs We have an opening with one of our Creative Consulting client to fill the below mentioned position, should you or any of your friends are looking for a change of job please forward your updated resume in Ms-Word format Position Description: Your job as Client Servicing Executive is to create and develop advertising campaigns. Tasks typically involving as follows: Meeting and liaising with clients to discuss and identify their advertising requirements. Working with agency colleagues to devise an advertising campaign that meets the requirement as per client's brief and budget. Initiate & participate in ideation/ conceptualization as per the requirement. Presenting, alongside agency colleagues (particularly the account manager), the campaign ideas and budget to the client. Working with the account manager to create and research on the subject by assisting with the formulation of marketing strategies. Liaising with, and acting as the link between, the client and advertising agency by maintaining regular contact, ensuring that communication flows effectively. Negotiating with clients about the details of campaigns. Presenting creative work to clients for approval or modification. Handling budgets, managing campaign costs and invoicing clients with proper follow-up for payments. Writing client reports & presentations. Monitoring the effectiveness of campaigns. Undertaking administration tasks. Arranging and attending meetings. Making 'pitches', along with other agency staff, try to win new business for the agency. Also let us know:- Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Current Location (Area you live in Mumbai) Reason for Change Interested candidate can Send CV an above email id & call on 41134429 E-mail Id: jitesh@jobsearchindia.in Contact Person Jitesh Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search Company Size: Mid- size creative agency Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details