TITLE: Walkin @ HDFC Life for Deputy Manager - Risk Monitoring Control Unit

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Here is your chance to work with the country's best private life insurer. Walkin @ HDFC Life for a great career opportunity. We are hiring for Deputy Manager Risk Management Control Unit. Job Description To monitor Risks Management Activities of the Company including Fraud Investigations Investigation on specific areas of Malpractice as referred by different functions Identifying new operational risk areas through regular analysis, etc Fraud Investigations including Surprise Branch Visits, Whistle Blower cases. Ensure that the investigations are completed in time and necessary actions as per the Malpractice Matrix are taken against the erring individuals Monitoring and controlling the work done by the Risk verification agencies regularly. Ensure that the quality of the reports submitted by the agency is good Identify new agencies for conducting verifications. Representing RMCU in the RBC Conducting Risk Awareness sessions at the branches REQUIRED CANDIDATE PROFILE:- Qualification: Graduate in any stream Experience: Experience into Risk monitoring & Fraud Investigation . Interested candidates can walk-in as per the following details: Date of Interview: 19-Oct-2016 (Wednesday). Timing: 2.00pm to 4 .00pm Contact Person: Jigisha Purohit Venue: HDFC Life, 12th Floor, Lodha Excelus, Apollo Mills Compound, N.M.Joshi Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai-11 Kindly carry a copy of this mail , photo ID Proof and your updated resume. This is Mass Mailing Activity, Kindly ignore If not Suitable to your profile. Thanks and Regards, Jigisha Purohit Talent Acquisition Team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Std life HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. is one of India's leading private life insurance companies, which offers a range of individual and group insurance solutions. It is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC Ltd.), India's leading housing finance institution and The Standard Life Insurance Company, a leading provider of financial services from the United Kingdom. Both the promoters are well known for their ethical dealings and financial strength and are thus committed to being a long-term player in the life insurance industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details