TITLE: Accounts Executive ( Only Male)

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Bonace !!! We currently have an opening for the post of Accounts Executive with our Client . Company Profile: Mumbai head-quartered Impact Design Cell Group was established in 2006 by a young enterprising architect Joydip Sarkar. Providing world-class end-to-end commercial architectural solutions to their clients forms the vision of the Group. Ever since its inception, Impact Design Cell has carved a niche for itself as a premier design firm providing a range of services in the fields of architecture, infrastructure & real estate. Position: Accounts Executive Type: Permanent Job Location: Wagle Estate (Thane West) Roles & Responsibility Preparing of vouchers like Bank Payment, Journal & Purchase Voucher.Carried out data entry works of accounts transaction in Tally Accounting Package Tally 9.0 Carried out search old Record from Global Net for Income tax haring date and also search tally oldata from system Carrying out Party & Staff Ledger to Verify & Pass supplier bills for payment as & when received Checking of project expenses vouchers received from Projects Dealing with Banks for making foreign payment for import and export machinery & Services. Operating various computers softwares like filling of Income Tax, TDS return filling, Patty Cash . Well Versed in Net Banking. Thanks and Regards, Chinmayee Kadam Recruitment Executive Bonace Engineers Pvt Ltd E-mail: hr29.bonace@gmail.com|| Office: 022 - 21581305 603 - Lodha Supremus || Road No 22, Wagle Estate || Thane (w) - 400604 http://www.bonaceengineers.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bonace Engineers Private Limited Established in 1995, Bonace has built a strong reputation for systematic and hands-on approach to Technical Manpower Consultation. The company's vision is to provide top-class professionals for Industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details