TITLE: Oracle Apps Project Accounting Functional

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking to hire Oracle Apps Project Accounting Functional with 3 5 years of exp in Mumbai / Bangalore location. Specification / Skills / Experience I) Job Requirements: Oracle eBS Functional Project Costing and Project Billing R12 1. Minimum 4 to 6 years experience in IT. 2. Minimum 2 to 4 years experience in Oracle Applications - Project Costing and Project Billing. 3. Must have worked on Oracle Project Costing and Project Billing application. 4. Should be capable of mapping business / finance processes to system functionalities 5. Experience is Solution design and implementation 6. Experience of Interfaces (Oracle standard as well as custom). 7. Experience in Data Migration projects / activities 8. Practical Knowledge of PL / SQL, Oracle Forms, OFA will be added advantage 9. Experience in at least one complete Oracle Apps Implementation cycle in R12. 10. Experience in production support and maintenance of Oracle Apps - Project Costing and Project Billing. 11. In depth knowledge of software development life cycle process. 12. Must be conversant with Quality processes. 13. Knowledge of Configuration Management. 14. Very good communication skills. 15. Knowledge of Oracle AIM methodology. II) Job Description Work as a Oracle Apps Functional Resource Project Costing and Project Billing R12 Oracle Apps R12 Functional Project Costing and Project Billing SQL, PL / SQL, Oracle Forms, OA Framework Should have worked on AM project with SLAs. Should be able to provide functional solutions to the problems. Should be able to provide functional guidance to the team. Should have experience of working with foreign clients. Should have excellent verbal and written communication skills Should have very good documentation skills Oracle Apps Functional Finance Modules Oracle Tech API & Interfaces Oracle Tech Discover Oracle Tech Forms Oracle Tech PL / SQL Oracle Tech Reports Oracle Tech Workflow Oracle Tech Alerts Location: Mumbai / Bangalore Experience: 3 5 years Primary Skills (Must have) Oracle Apps Project Accounting Functional Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is headquartered in Paris, France and is present in over 40 countries. It is, above all, a people company with 180,000 people worldwide. Capgemini, one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services, enables its clients to transform and perform through technologies. Capgemini provides its clients with insights and capabilities that boost their freedom to achieve superior results through a unique way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM. The Group relies on its global delivery model called RightshoreÂ®, which aims to get the right balance of the best talent from multiple locations, working as one team to create and deliver the optimum solution for clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details