TITLE: Relationship Manager- Mutual Funds (bank Channel)

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Accountabilities:- 1. Responsible for Sales through Bank channel assigned to him 2. Responsible for advising the distributors on suitable product as per the requirement of their Investor, to be able to analyze the asset allocation of distributors to customize the approach in accordance for focused selling 3. Visibility with the distributors through Telephone calls, one to one meeting, regular dissemination of marketing material (Fact sheets, Brouchers), mailers, group meetings with distributor RM/clients of distributors 4. Responsible for Distributor Servicing for the assigned distributors 5. Should be sensitive to their needs in terms of Product Updates, Query resolution and ensure proper follow up etc. 6. Take steps for development of long term relationship/association with the key/potential distributors in order to generate repetitive business 7. Should be able to close the sales call by working closely with more experienced sales representative in case of need required 8. Responsible for maintaining the data of all the distributors assigned, find out the strategies to counter the competition in the market 9. Create awareness & for building brand by organizing events, conferences, product sessions for distributors for top-of-the-mind recall 10. Ensuring that the distributors are trained on all products and Operational procedures and Informed on the Regulatory Changes on regular basis 11. Soft skills training in terms of Communication, Motivation etc. for distributors specially for smaller / one man location Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Waytogo Consultants Pvt Ltd Leading BFSI Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details