TITLE: Sr. Research Analyst

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB PROFILE The job involves conducting industry and financial research to support clients and contributing to internal knowledge building efforts. Typical projects will involve gathering , analyzing , synthesizing and presenting data using structured methodologies and frameworks. Projects may take couple of days to several weeks for completion. Key responsibilities involve: Build or assist in building and maintaining models to estimate granular , product level key performance metrics for Investment banks (e.g. , Revenue , cost , Risk weighted assets) and create market size estimates for Investment and transaction banking products Organize , analyze , synthesize and summarise data and information using appropriate analytical methodologies and frameworks. Conduct quantitative analysis (statistical analysis , financial data analysis etc.) as necessary Model relationships between macroeconomic indicators and IB performance metrics to arrive at forecasts / estimates for the above KPIs Update and restructure models based on qualitative and quantitative information from Company contacts in the IB industry Build and update sector databases in Excel and /or customized applications Explain , defend and customize Companies analysis to support key client initiatives in IB strategy , sales franchise decision , investor communication and for senior management consumption Craft effective search strategies and gather relevant information leveraging a broad set of resources (e.g. on -line databases , internet , external researchers etc.). Utilize both secondary and primary research sources and techniques Assist clients and /or other research delivery team members in articulating and refining research requests and projects , while working on multiple projects Communicate research results through the creation of structured end -products (spreadsheets , reports , presentations etc.) Coach and develop new research analysts Complete ad hoc research requests , knowledge building and business development projects as necessary Manage and / or work with an expanded team of analysts while working on multiple projects Conduct regular workflow meetings with the in house and onsite Account managers in London , New York and Singapore Foster a cohesive , creative and comfortable working environment , mediating any personal issue within the team Delegate responsibilities and supervise the work of team members providing guidance and motivation to drive maximum performance Create performance benchmarks , i.e. , quality and quantity benchmarks for Junior Associate , Senior and Junior Analysts in consultation with the Director Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Research Associate Desired Candidate Profile Equity Research ,Investment banking sector Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Recruit World Recruitment World is a well known Executive Search firm catering to Corporate India's recruitment needs. Within a short span of time , Recruitment World has managed to carve its niche as a preferred search vendor , due to its consistently superior search practice and proven ability to deliver successfully. The Search business is constantly evolving , with global dynamics affecting it every day and in every small way. Recruitment World rides this wave successfully; backed by its experienced team , strong database and superior market intelligence. Understanding clients and the environment they operate in has enabled Recruitment World to consistently deliver on mandates successfully Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details