TITLE: Urgent Opening for B.E Graduate for the post of C#.net Developer-

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Company: Spider Software develops high quality Real Time Technical Analysis Softwares which helps traders take their trading decisions. The company has a successful track record for the past 16 years and has over 6000+ clients spread all over the country. It is the only Indian company to be the vendors of BSE, NSE and MCX Real Time stock prices. The company operates in the elite segmet of Broking Houses, Day Traders and High Networth Traders and Investors in Stock Market. Spider Software has earned its goodwill and reputation in the Stock Market Industry by providing high quality softwares and services to its clients. Website : www.spidersoftwareindia.com Job Description: 1. Primary job will be to develop high quality software for our clients. 2. Will work on developing applications to handle live (fast) streaming data of stock market. 3. Design and Develop internet based client server data architecture. 4. Design and develop software which will work in Real-Time environment 5. Working on process handling and memory management technologies. Candidates Profiles: 1.BE IT/Computers/Electronics 2. Good fundamental knowledge of .Net & C# 3. Having practical Working knowledge of .Net & C# 4. Knowledge of GUI Development Tools. 5. Basic Knowledge of making windows based application will be mandatory. 6. Knowledge of web based application and Android will be an added advantage. 7. Has good knowledge of internet and/or client server architecture. 8. FILE HANDLING, Knowledge of reading from txt or xls data will be an advantage. 9. Data Handling . 10. Clear concepts of Multithreading 11. Any experience in socket programming will have additional advantage. 12. Freshers are welcome Job Location: Borivali, Mumbai For further details, Interested candidates can share there updated CV on mehal@spidersoftwareindia.com or can contact on 022-42446400 . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Spider S/W The company operates in the niche market of Brokers, Day Traders and High NetworthInvestors in Stock Market. The company is the only ndian company to be the vendors of BSE and NSE real time stock prices. The company has developed high quality software to enable its clients to take their trading decisions.The company has a successful track record for the past 16 years and has 6000+ clients spread all over the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details