TITLE: Social Media Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role / Profile: Manage Social Media marketing campaigns and day-to-day activities including: Curate relevant content to reach the companys ideal customers. Create, curate, and manage all published content (images, video and written). Monitor, listen and respond to users in a Social way while cultivating leads and sales. Conduct online advocacy and open stream for cross-promotions. Develop and expand community and/or blogger outreach efforts. Design, create and manage promotions and Social ad campaigns. Compile report from social platform to showing results (ROI). Become an advocate for the Company in Social Media spaces, engaging in dialogues and answering questions where appropriate. Demonstrate ability to map out marketing strategy and then drive that strategy proven by testing and metrics. Develop a strategy and implement a proactive process for capturing customer online reviews. Monitor online ratings and respond accordingly. Monitor trends in Social Media tools, applications, channels, design and strategy. Identify threats and opportunities in user generated content surrounding the business. Report notable threats to appropriate management. Monitor effective benchmarks (best practices) for measuring the impact of Social Media campaigns. Analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results. Skills Required: Demonstrated first-hand experience using social media platforms such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest for business use representing an organization or brand Strong project management including scheduling and setting deadlines Must be a digital native, with strong command of social media and content marketing disciplines Self-learner, proactively finds ways to remove roadblocks and seek out information and answers Always scanning the horizon for new tools and technologies, which may add capabilities to our content marketing efforts Strategic experience with developing integrated social media campaigns to support brand initiatives Experience working with 3rd party social media vendors and/or platform developers Experience with strategic marketing planning with proven ability to execute under tight deadlines Excellent time management skills and ability to multi-task Excellent communication skills (written and oral) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ushta te HR Consultancy Services LLP Ushta te HR Consultancy Services LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details