TITLE: MARKET RESEARCH ANALYST

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides tactical marketing and analysis support including: client profiling , sub -segmentation , client lifetime value analysis , targeted prospecting , and campaign management and tracking. - Manage Salesforce.com data management , validation , cleansing and analytics activities - Assist the marketing campaigns by identifying and supplying marketing qualified leads and campaign lists - Ability to generate data and insight on prospect , client and market trend - Assists in identifying opportunities to generate revenue and cut costs by identifying potential new markets , monitoring client shifts , purchasing patterns , etc. - Retrieves , transfers , uses and understands data from relational data warehouses and has the ability to sourcing information from disparate sources. - Prepares user -friendly reports on campaign effectiveness , lead pipeline , and lead insights - Develops processes and training programs for users - Develops reports , newsletters , presentations and other outputs to communicate findings. Qualifications - Strong quantitative , analytical and problem solving skills. - Strong written and verbal communication skills are a must - Experience and deep knowledge effective methods for customer segmentation and lead scoring. - Self started with the ability to proactively determine recommendations and explain insights in the appropriate methods for internal stakeholders - Working knowledge of MS Office products and Excel - Expertise using Salesforce.com and Eloqua - Ability to work autonomously and without direct supervision Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: LISTEN DATA Welcome to my little home on the internet! The purpose of this blog is to help you become a rockstar analyst. At ListenData , i make analytics easy to understand and follow. I started this blog in late 2012 but didn't make it live till May 2014. It got delayed primarily because of my hectic work schedule and poor website designing programming skill. The first domain name i wanted for this blog was "Mr Analyst" but someone else snapped up the domain name of my dreams : -( If you think the current name is stupid rather than creative , you are right! It sometimes sounds stupid to me as well : -) The thought behind this name is "How can i make my data listen to me". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details