TITLE: Business Process Manager - Rural (manager/ Senior Manager)

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strategic thinker and executer for new business opportunities for organization growth. Initiate anddrive new projects for sizing up business from conception to execution. Defines long-term organizational strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions. Work with the internal team, marketing staff, and other managers to increase sales opportunities and thereby maximize revenue for their organization. To help manage existing clients and ensure he/she stay satisfied and positive. Provide presentations on solutions and services that meet predicted clients future needs. To provide business analytics support to showcase business performance in senior forums and to arm various teams with information for controlled and smooth functioning of business. Persuasive approaches and pitches that will convince potential clients to do business relationship with the company. He/she will also requiregrowing and retaining existing accounts by presenting new solutions and services to /with the clients. Key Performance Indicators Prepare trends in Portfolio / Pricing / Expense / Revenue performance. Generation of Presentation decks for Business to Leadership Team/seniors. Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products, and distribution channels. Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales. Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the companys unique selling propositions and differentiators Prepare a branch grading system to review branches & link Revenue, Expenses to it in coordination with Business planning function. Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships. Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet customer needs. Arrange and participate in internal and external client debriefs Establish and develop a highly-skilled and motivated team to meet the growing needs of the business. Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. Cold call as appropriate within market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities. Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network. Set up meetings between client decision makers and companys practice leaders/Principals. Plan approaches and pitches. Work with team to develop proposals that speaks to the clients needs, concerns, and objectives. Participate in pricing the solution/service. Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion. Use a variety of styles to persuade or negotiate appropriately. Assisting in the design, codingand implementation of the new branches/ Product MIS/Analytics. Data Mining to churn various data sets and produce meaningful analytical reports. Utilizing Quantitative/ Analytic skills to conduct analysis. Leveraging knowledge and skills to drive operational efficiency and effectiveness improvements through use of automation of standardized decks. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile 1Strong communication verbal & written2Extensive exposure to advanced analytics scorecard development and management, return on risk weighted assets etc3Exposure to asset business in a bank / FI / NBFC4Flair to do Operational Risk assessments & BCP documentations5Internal Audit management6Preparation of Product / Project reportsExpertise required/ Domain Knowledge:Experience of workingin business team in a bank / FI/ NBFC preferredExperience In driving new projects from conception to completionPro-active and extro-verd person with good communication skills Worked in a strategic setup managing new projects, strategic initiatives, business development process Project / Product launch and Process re-engineeringManaged Business Planning / Employee productivity / Product Profitability reportsTask performedPrepare management summary and present to senior management all analytic outputs and business recommendationsCollaborate with product and policy managers across businessesDo RCSA & BCP documentations on a regular basisFunction as a project manager on key analytic deliverables Manage Internal Audit &adhoc review of the unit with other stakeholdersDrive the new roll out of branches. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Fullerton India Credit Company Limited Fullerton India Credit Company Limited is one of India's leading Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFC). Seeking out needs and aspirations of customers and helping fulfill them, is the philosophy on which this business is based. We are a subsidiary of Fullerton Financial Holdings Pvt. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the over US $100 Billion Temasek Holdings, Singapore. Fullerton is involved in financing a wide array of loans such as commercial vehicle & two wheeler loans, mortgage loans, personal loans etc., in addition to micro loans for livelihood advancement in rural areas & funding the growth of small and medium enterprises.Today, over 9900 employees of Fullerton India reach out to the mass market customer through 532 branches across over 350 towns and cities providing them financial solutions at their doorstep, so that they too could fulfill their needs and aspirations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details