TITLE: Manager- Delivery Excellence (Quality)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Short Description Hi , We at Capgemini are hiring Manager - Delivery Excellence (Quality) for Mumbai follwing are the details: Brief JD: The objectives of the Manager DEX role are as follows: 1. Part of Delivery Excellence team. 2. This is largely an individual contributor role but demands high amount of interactions at different levels , influence and decision making. 3. Drive Continual Service Improvements within the delivery operations for the assigned region. Leverage through quality tools and frameworks like Lean Six Sigma , ITIL , CMMi , etc. 4. Responsible to track , report and deliver the CSI benefits as identified and agreed 5. Conduct quality / maturity audits on various Infra technology towers , engagements and projects across ITIL & Operational governance processes. Follow through with the CAPA process for process improvements. 6. Understand and analyse data to measure and monitor service quality , independently 7. Identification of systemic delivery issues and recommending solutions , to improve quality of delivery 8. Collaborate with central QA team as required 9. Engage with overseas delivery organisations in Capgemini to measure and monitor quality of delivery 10. Identify best practices in delivery units and replicate them 11. Actively contributes to the overall success of the DEX Function. 12. Train / coach people on Quality / CSI Processes Personal Specification Essential: A strong background (hands on experience) on Quality Management System , Quality Audit Process , Compliance & Risk management. A good working knowledge of ISO -9001 , ISO -20000 , ITIL processes. Exposure in IT Infrastructure Services based projects / engagements. Good understanding of read and interpretation of contractual terms & conditions , commercials , etc. , About 10 to 12 years of total experience and 3 to 4 years of minimum experience in the Quality / Delivery Excellence functions ITIL / ISO auditor certifications Should be able to work in Europe time zone as well Very good communication skills and people skills - ability to command respect and influence others The ability to work well both individually and as a team member Desirable: Lean and /or Six Sigma Green Belt / Black Belt certification (preferable) Multi -cultural exposure ITIL Intermediate Certification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Capgemini Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies with 180,000 employees in over 40 countries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details