TITLE: Urgent Opening for Sales Accountant (agency Payroll)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this COCO Sales Accounting & Cash depositions Sales accounting through review of COD/BCP data files, addressing & ensuring resolution of issues for daily sales accounting of Material & Financial transactions along with accounting of GRN. Cash deposition & compliance Ensuring PIS entry by RO and its accounting by SSO-AR. Also, monitoring daily Cash depositions against cash sales & cash loading and ensuring compliance. Channel Partner Accounting :Ensuring Accounting of Channel partner transactions - collection and accounting of SD, issue of SD receipt, Recovery of fuel loss/any other recovery, Expenses & Reimbursement and Full & Final settlement with all due compliance. Budget Preparation - RO wise & Expense analysis :Preparation of budget for RO wise expenses as per policies & ensuring Purchase Request accordingly from RO. Further, analysing expesnes RO wise / GL wise to review scale of economics, exploring cost reduction areas, for review of Business and monitoring control. Sales tax Compliance :Verifying Sales tax accounting and to ensure rectification of errors if any in tax accounting due to error in tax maintenance. OTP Compliance :Under restart process, co-ordinating with State team to ensure FC&A compliance with respect to Check-list, Invoice as per IDT guideline-Disclosure on Retail Invoice, IT compliance & SAP mapping and Banking arrangement. Processing Business Proposals :Review & Analysis of Business proposals with respect to process / SOP / other compliances to enable Management in taking decisions. Instant Reward Discount Scheme :Monitoring IR discount given to Customers at COCO RO and verifying & co-ordinating with Business for monthly settlement as per approved process. Also providing such details of IR to Pricing team for discount to be provided to RPML (CODO) by organization through Invoicing and monitoring its utilization. Training .Providing training to AM / ASR / State Business team related to SSR / cash deposition / other FC&A functionality / Statutory compliances, etc. Business Transformation :Post BT, to co-ordiate with IT team, Business team and SAP team to streamline issues in smooth accounting of daily transactions of COCO ROs and to escalate issues for automation of manual processes and generation of Reports. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quess Corp Ltd. It is listed in fortune 500 companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details