TITLE: Server Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SensiBol is looking for an experienced server engineer to design , build and run scalable web -services. The candidate should have experience developing large -scale , web -based , distributed systems. Excellent understanding of scalable architectures including operational concerns is a must. Responsibilities will include: Build & maintain cloud -based scalable web -services for SensiBol s products Implement user -management & control systems Identify relevant SaaS offerings and quickly build familiarity to implement web -services with speed Implement cloud -based content storage and client -delivery systems Design and operate monitoring , deployment , and diagnostic capabilities to deliver high availability for business critical , revenue generating systems in the cloudExperience & Skills 3 years experience developing cloud -based highly available / low latency / web -scale / distributed systems Hands -on experience with the design , development , scaling , troubleshooting , and live support of server applications Advanced shell scripting experience Strong knowledge of Databases Experience with at least one of the following cloud -based platforms and services such as Amazon web services , Microsoft Azure and Google App Engine Linux administration and operational experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: SensiBol Audio Technologies Pvt. Ltd. SensiBol was founded by like -minded audio -technology researchers and computer -scientists with a mission to deliver cutting -edge audio -processing solutions to the world. The founding team consists of PhDs and Masters from IIT Bombay with a passion for all things audio ranging from music to environmental sounds. We take great pride in constantly pushing the envelope for our technology. Our patented core -audio IP is what differentiates us from others who claim to have similar solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details