TITLE: Analyst

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Forret India....!!!! We are a placement firm based in India and we have vacancies for the Requirement For Finance Analyst Interview Location: Mumbai Job Location : Mumbai Job Description Template Job Title :Finance Analyst Department :Finance Qualifications :MBA/CA/ICWAI Job Description: Monitoring of the assigned Portfolio - Business planning analysis and control. Provide meaningful analysis, highlight trends/deviations which lead to fulfillment of corporate objectives and protection/growth in business profitability Portfolio Performance Analysis,Monitor portfolio growth and liaising with Business team for unusual observations. Regular presentation to senior management updating them on the business performance and related KPIs, understanding MIS needs for the same and answering their queries. Support MIS Operations Team - Interacting with and hand-holding MIS-Ops team members while setting up new MIS reports or modifying existing reports. Provide them with business/product knowledge Tracking of key business objectives (in terms of cost-benefit analysis, productivity etc.) which are set during the year. Budgeting of revenue lines basis business projections /submission Previous Experience Required : 3-4 years experience in in financial service industry preferable banking domain. Hands on experience in MIS and Financial planning & Analysis. Understanding of banking products and P&L Analysis Knowledge of MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Word etc. In case of any Query please contact at the number mentioned below: Pooja Yadav - 7567005058 (B/W, 10:00 A.M to 6:30 P.M) OR Send C.V : pooja.yadav@forretindia.com -- Thanks & Regards, Pooja Yadav Forret India Management Consultants Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Mutual Funds/Fund Management/Asset Management Role:Portfolio Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Forret India Private Limited Forret India Management Consultants Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details