TITLE: Corporate HR Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Heading HR function of the organisation being responsible for complete spectrum of Human Resource Management . Instrumental in driving development and implementation of HR systems, policies and practices at corporate level aligning with business requirements. Study and remodelling of HR processes for continual improvement of organisational effectiveness. Developing hiring strategies for efficient and cost effective talent acquisition methods to meet manpower requirements of the organization across locations. Instrumental in setting up new plant in terms of manpower planning, recruitment, deciding workforce mix ensuring all regulatory and compliance requirements. Training needs identification based on business requirements. Conceptualize & develop training & development initiatives to ensure employee engagement, improved productivity, capability building and motivation. Build rapport and motivate resources at all levels in order to expand their capabilities to achieve individual as well as organizational goals. Counsel employees in terms of grievance and conflict handling. Instrumental in initiating and implementing performance management system in the organization. Driving change management initiatives being catalyst to move towards learning and sustainable business entity. Work collaboratively and proactively with all Senior Managers and employees in enhancing operational process improvements and bringing change in practices for better communication, efficiency, costs and attain better service. To lead payroll administration, manage C & B policies and create all necessary linkages for a smooth and efficient operation (variable compensation, overtime, special payments). Lead annual salary review, and annual performance appraisal analysis. Handling industrial relations, wage negotiations and settlements. To ensure adherence of statutory compliances of factories and other establishments as per applicable labour and industrial laws. Analysis and Submission of Payroll Budgeting, variance analysis for total manpower cost and count. To ensure smooth running of the Human Resource Information System. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Company Profile: Menschen Consulting Pvt Ltd Leading recruitment firm in Mumbai. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details