TITLE: iOS Developer - Navi Mumbai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a senior mobile app developer to lead the design, development and maintenance of iPhone apps. The developer will lead the entire app lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. Will be responsible for many phases of the software development lifecycle including technical research, requirements analysis, high level and technical design, implementation of enhancements to the product, unit testing, debugging, and maintenance. 1. End to end Ownership of the iOS Mobile App 2. Architect and code advanced applications for the iOS platform. 3. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features 4. Develop new and existing iOS applications 5. Provide estimates on development cycles 6. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. 7. Deliver across the entire app life cycle concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app stores and support 8. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile 1. Familiarity with tools, concepts and methodologies of application development2. Knowledge and awareness of IOS internals and capabilities are mandatory3. Knowledge of iPhone-specific testing and debugging across all versions4. Exposure to 3rd Party API Integration (Flickr, Twitter, Facebook Connect, Google Maps, etc.)5. In-depth debugging skill and defensive coding ability6. Hands-on experience with Push Notification Framework7. An understanding of web technologies such as Open GL, Coco2D, Flash AS38. Good Experience in Developing Applications using jQuery, Xcode, Mobiles and Objective C9. Proficient with HTML5, EJS, Ajax, CSS310. Good Knowledge on Web Services (SOAP, REST, JSON), XML Parsing Company Profile: Hanna Equipments (India) Pvt. Ltd. Hanna Instruments is a leading manufacturer in analytical instruments. With over 60 offices in 43 countries and growing each year, Hanna provides a customer centric solution to their needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details