TITLE: Sr CAD Tehnician

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Atkins is one of the worlds leading engineering design consultancies. We have the breadth and depth of expertise to respond to the most technically challenging and time critical infrastructure projects. As a provider of multi disciplined technical services to the built environment, we are committed to planning, enabling and designing excellence in the delivery of first class solutions which combines innovation, imagination and best practices. Atkins Rail civil engineering leads the industry in design development and management of total rail infrastructure systems. Atkins Rail undertakes civil engineering consultancy and design on Network Rail, London Underground and light rail networks. We undertake projects from feasibility through to detailed design and construction management.Our engineers are skilled in the design of bridges and structures within a UK rail environment. Responsibilities: You will prepare CAD drawings for civil / structural projects of rail structures including bridges, buildings and structures etc. Assist in the development and training of junior personnel, where appropriate. Mandatory Requirements: Diploma (Civil Engineering) with sufficient and relevant experience Fully conversant in Microstation V8 or later / Autocad 2008 or later From a Civil/Structural Engineering background Rail experience, preferable Experience of Bridge Detailing and Site plan preparation Experience in the preparation of Reinforcing drawings and schedules Experience in the preparation of structural steel drawings Experience of producing 3D drawings but not essential. Desirable Requirements: Ability to adapt to different cultures and working environments to build rapport with customers Experience of using written and spoken English within a business environment The position is to be based in Gurgaon Additional Information (if any) Rewards & Benefits: Competitive salary Performance Incentives Employees Provident Fund Scheme (PF) Medical Insurance for the employee, family & dependant parents* Accident Insurance coverage for the employee #PK2 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills cad development diploma engineering design detailing microstation bridges civil engineering underground construction management Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Atkins Global Atkins is one of the worlds most respected design, engineering and project management consultancies. We build long-term trusted partnerships to create a world where lives are enriched through the implementation of our ideas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details