TITLE: Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: The Marketing Manager is responsible for advocating the brand across social networks and fashion communities. The applicant has to create their own social persona and actively go out within the online fashion community to connect with potential users and advocate the brand. The manager is required to have a strong inclination towards fashion and a degree in marketing Designing and roadmap for the year in line with the Company objectives, supervise the execution of these strategies to develop new business opportunities. Conceptualization of marketing strategy to meet the respective business objectives. Devising a marketing calender to identify the tactics as per the strategy. Conduct market research to determine market requirements for existing and future requirements. Identifying the mediums of communication for each campaign Conceptualization of the offers for the campaign. Execution of tactical programs. Driving visibility of brand awareness in the market. Improvising the innovative marketing initiatives & plans or brands to reach the right target group. Evaluating advertising opportunities for the brands in line with allocated budgets, corporate tie ups etc. Working on Customer Loyalty program. Market Research for competitor analysis. Planning and strategizing new creative campaigns (ATLs/ BTLs) Increase footfalls through Direct marketing. Skills: Strong analytical and project management skills. Confident and dynamic personality. Excellent communicator and out of the box thinker. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Company Profile: Lakshya Management Services Pvt. Ltd. One of the leading fashion e-commerce store. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details