TITLE: Executive- Relationship Manager Support Cell

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Mandate This person is responsible for managing Proactive & Real-time Assurance: Command Centre operations. Command Centre will monitor all key customer & process SLAs real-time and escalate issues to respective teams for immediate resolution. Key Responsibilities Proactive & Real-time Assurance : Overall responsibility for real-time monitoring of customer SLAs for all CS operations (Specific CS function) Ensure immediate resolution of all customer impacting issues through escalations to respective teams and functions. Identify and validate key customer and process KPIs/SLAs/TATs to be monitored Ensure service escalations are raised to the appropriate teams Design configurable dash-boards and reports Highlight reoccurrence of issues ; to be taken up by designated CS leaders In charge of Crisis Management support from the Operations center. Liaison with states for concerns resolution & facilitation Request fulfilment & Complaint Management as per defined SLA. Coordinate with KAM, CNoC, NVoC. Process support teams, field support for Payment/Collections /Pickup /Suspense clearance for allocated accounts, resolution and close loop with customers. Coordinate with for timely Account level service reports and MIS. Coordinate with B&P team , Network for reconciliation of related issue. Key Result Areas 1.Ensure delivery as per defined TAT and accuracy levels 2.Timely delivery of the information to the action owners. 3.Close looping with stakeholders within SLA. 4.Timely escalations for maintaining process KPIs as defined. 5.Manage Real time corrections in the process KPIs. 6.Maintain green status on all KPIs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Abyss Horizon Consulting P L LEADING IT RECRUITMENT FIRM Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details