TITLE: Manager-tele Collections with Leading Bank in Mumbai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We are hiring Manager-Tele Collections with a leading Bank in Mumbai We Specialize in the BFSI sector and work with leading Banks, Financial Services and Insurance Organizations www.azjob.in - one of the leading Executive Search, Talent Management, Employer branding, HR Consulting & RPO solution providers with multi domain expertise which helps us serve our customers with premium consulting. With business interest spread across India, az job.in consults many fortune 500 & large Indian corporate in identifying key talent to meet global challenges to improve productivity while reducing cost. Job Description KEY RESPONSIBILITIES To manage all activities related to collection/recovery of outstanding and over dues. To drive productivity amongst tele-callers to achieve goals To deliver on the financial parameters of the organization. To drive and manage vendors for courier pickups and field referrals. Will be within cost budgets for the buckets under tele- calling Will ensure Agency Quality Audit Scores delivery as per benchmark Monitoring the overall functioning of processes, identifying improvement areas and implementing adequate measures to maximize customer satisfaction level. People Management - To ensure Training of tele-callers and COC adherence by tele-callers Will support Customer Service on minimizing defective calls, on maximizing CEM scores and ensure TAT on escalated cases QUALIFICATIONS REQUIREMENT Graduate/Post graduate having relevant Tele calling Experience with 50% marks. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT Minimum 4 - 8 years in a related function Must have prior experience in Tele Collections/Agency Collections in a target driven role. TECHNICAL SKILLS PREFERRED Should be conversant with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint. Excellent command of language and presentation skills. Ability to interact, handle vendors to achieve goals. Basic knowledge of banking norms and products People management skills Process Orientation-self-discipline to adhere to laid down business, regulatory processes. BEHAVIOURAL SKILLS PREFERRED Delivery on numbers for the Location / Region Audit Quality / Process management People Management APPLY TO: If you find the job profile as per your needs then apply to cv@azjob.in and cv.azjob@gmail.com with your updated resume along with following information. Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Collections Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: A To Z Corporate Solutions Pvt Ltd www.azjob.in - one of the leading Executive Search, Talent Management, Employer branding, HR Consulting & RPO solution providers with multi domain expertise which helps us serve our customers with premium consulting. With business interest spread across India, az job.in consults many fortune 500 & large Indian corporate in identifying key talent to meet global challenges to improve productivity while reducing cost.Bangalore | Delhi | Noida | Gurgaon | Mumbai | Pune | Ahmadabad | Lucknow | Chandigarh | Jaipur | Indore | Hyderabad | Chennai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details