TITLE: Digital Marketing Specialist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Digital Marketing Specialist We are seeking for a Digital Marketing Specialist to support our growing organization. The primary role is to promote online business with the help of Advance Online Marketing (i.e. Creates and launches SMM,SEM,SMO, PR campaigns, identifies areas of improvement, runs PPC campaigns, and Promotion through Social media like facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter) The candidate will be responsible for Online marketing, Digital Marketing, Web And Google Analytics, Adwords, Online Reputation Management, Banner Advertising, Social Media, email Marketing, Online PR, ORM, Affiliate Marketing . Responsibilities: Experienced in Digital marketing channels of SMM, SEM, SMO, and concepts of web analytics, usability, website development & management. Defined goals and objectives for our Social Media strategy Manage and execute Website Traffic using SMM, SEM, SMO, Content Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Affiliates and Partnerships, Email Marketing, Corporate Blogging, Brand Management ,Paid and Performance Marketing. Responsible for Increasing Mobile App Downloads. Promote Growth Hack techniques to increase traffic and user acquisitions . To lead customer acquisition and digital marketing initiatives to achieve exponential business growth. Ability to create marketing collaterals in coordination with our design team Directly responsible for Driving business numbers in terms of app distribution and app usage (online sales & lead generation) through website management, internet & mobile platform development, The successful candidate will have the following experience: 4+ years of experience in Marketing, Online Marketing or related field Bachelor's degree in a related discipline (MIS, Marketing) equivalent degree or experience. Expertise in SMM ,SEM ,Content Writing ,email marketing and Bid Management tools Monitoring mentions of our brand across blogs and forums and responding appropriately. Ability to do internet research, handling team managing all SMO,SEM,SMM and online Skills to leverage quantitative thinking to manage campaigns success. Excellent written, oral and organizational skills. Works well independently and within a team. Must be self-motivated. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Optimisation /SEO Specialist Keyskills Growth Hacker Social media Marketing Content Marketing Digital Marketing SEO SEM SMM SMO PR campaign facebook LinkedIn Twitter Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: AugRay (part of Wisdom InfoTech, USA) AugRay is a subsidiary of Wisdom InfoTech. Wisdom InfoTech is an award winning, US based, MNC specializing in IT services & solutions. Wisdom was founded in 2000 and by 2007 had already been recognized as one of America's top 500 fastest growing private companies by INC. 500 and was ranked in the top 20 for software companies. By 2009 Wisdom InfoTech had been recognized three consecutive years as an INC. 5000 company. Today, Wisdom InfoTech is more diverse than ever with the addition of the newest subsidiary, AugRay an augmented reality mobile application. AugRay turns your phone into a vehicle that puts brands in the hands of customers, using Augmented Reality. AugRay's creative and technical team, who we like to call Augers, are constantly developing more innovative and exciting ways of creating unique customer experiences for brands. AugRay provide consumers with more relevant, personalized, and rewarding brand experiences that help businesses and brands maintain their competitive edge and meet growing consumer demands. Our Augmented Reality app, AugRay, blends digital content with the physical world; providing business's a solution as unique as their needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details