TITLE: Developer - .Net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company profile As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Overview of Wealth Management Our Business Objectives Overview of Field and Client Technology Role & Responsibilities Primary Skills / Must have Secondary Skills / Desired skills Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. Wealth Management and Investment Management Technology (WMIMT) is responsible for the design, development, delivery, and support of the technical platform behind the products and services used by the Business. Morgan Stanley Investment Management strives to provide outstanding long-term investment performance, service and a comprehensive suite of investment management solutions to a diverse client base, which includes governments, institutions, corporations and individuals worldwide. Maintain an investment culture in which top quality people want to be part of an organization dedicated to investment excellence on behalf of clients Create a value-added, client focused sales effort across the globe Fully lever the Morgan Stanley franchise, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management distribution channel and significant firm-client relationships Improve efficiency across all functions to address insufficient profitability and increase earnings contribution to Morgan Stanley The Practice Area Group (PAG) that owns this position is known as Field and Client Technology (FACT). This subdivision (Enterprise Business Components) is responsible for providing reliable, consistent, scalable, high performing, easy-to-use interface to enterprise data for the application team. Some of the key application teams consuming these components are Client Relationship Management, Financial Planning, Portfolio Management, Market Data, Reference Data, Client Reporting, Client Information, Client Servicing, Support Services, and Infrastructure. We are seeking a .NET Developer with 3-5 years of work experience The position is for a web service developer and will be responsible for delivery of robust, multi-layered, loosely coupled stack of services that implement common wealth management business processes that are used in applications across many service channels The team member will be responsible for understanding the requirements and developing web-services and services documentation from a services consumption perspective and providing support for existing web services The individual must have a strong technology background, and should have excellent interpersonal and communication skills to be able to interact with other stake holders within the firm. As a passionate hands-on programmer, spend most of the time in coding, delivering quality code and writing quality unit test cases. Work collaboratively in a global setting, should be eager to learn new technologies. The candidate needs to have strong fundamentals in .NET Framework / ASP.NET / WCF. Candidate must be strong in RDBMS concepts and must have hands-on knowledge of database development. Should be comfortable writing stored procedure, user defined functions. SQL Server experience will be an added advantage. Good hands-on experience in SOA, XML, WSDL, XSD The candidate needs to also have knowledge of automated unit testing / code coverage tools. The candidate should have strong written and verbal communication skills. Experience with Teradata is desirable however any other database like UDB or Oracle or Sybase can be considered. Experience of working on Wealth management application . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Morgan Stanley Advantage Services Pvt. Ltd. Morgan Stanley has been operating in India for over 20 years, providing a range of services to domestic and international clients.The Firm has a premier institutional securities platform in India, providing a full range of investment banking, capital markets, equities, fixed income, commodities and derivative products, as well as research services.Morgan Stanley has been an active investor in Indian Infrastructure, Real Estate, and Private Equity projects over the last several years under its Merchant Banking practice as part of Morgan Stanley Investment Management business (MSIM).Morgan Stanley Advantage Services (MSAS), a fully owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc.; and Morgan Stanley Solutions India (MSSI), a fully owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Mauritius Company Ltd.; were incorporated in 2003. Both entities support Morgan Stanley's Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management businesses worldwide.MSAS houses the Technology and Data, Operations, Finance, Legal and Compliance, and other specialized functions. MSSI houses the Fund Services, Prime Brokerage and Operations functions. These entities are located across two sites in Mumbai - Athena at Mindspace, and Nirlon Knowledge Park (NKP) campus.MSAS and MSSI commenced operations in Bengaluru in 2014. This office currently houses the Technology and Data and Fund Services teams Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details