TITLE: Sr. Executive/ Asst. Manager - Logistics - Bhiwandi

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1) To plan and forecast material needs for various programs and platforms in order to ensure availability and effective allocation of inventory and materials at warehouses. A) Material Planning: -Conducts and improves forecasting activities and methods in order to maintain effective inventory levels. -Analyses pertinent data such as usage history, lead times, inventory, and market trends in order to maintain established operational readiness metrics. -Develops and maintains documentation and procedures for demand planning processes and systems to ensure that material needs and requirements are effectively met. -Prepares and report forecast and inventory measurement to communicate it to KIL management. -Provides Lead Time (LT) analysis and recommends forecasted material ordering based on Operations & Maintenance plans in order to ensure timely availability of material requirements. -Coordinates with Operations in order to ensure effective Material Requirement Planning (MRP) and works closely with Purchasing to ensure material delivery as per MRP. -Reviews levels of inventory in order to identify excess or obsolete. B) MIS and Reports. -Prepare departmental MIS statements and reports timely and accurately to meet company and department requirements, policies, and standards. C) Safety, Quality & Environment: -Ensure that all relevant safety, quality and environmental procedures, instructions and controls are adhered to so that the safety of employees, quality of products/services and environmental compliance can be guaranteed. -Any other reasonable request or work task as allocated by the Line Manager or other Senior Management. -COMMUNICATIONS & WORKING RELATIONSHIPS: - Internal: Operations, Purchasing, Finance, Commercial. - External: Base Management, Logistics Service Providers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Desired Candidate Profile 1) Should have 3 4 years of experience in warehouse and logistics management .2) Working experience in ECC and BW module of SAP. Industry knowledge is preferred.3High level of Integrity Good team Work skills English Language Communicate Meticulous attention to detail. Good analytical thinking skills4) Knowledge of PC and Microsoft office applications. 5) Good verbal and written Communication skills. 6) Good knowledge in the implementation of policies & procedures.7) Good planning, organizing, and integration skills. 8) Good team Work skills English Language Communicate. Company Profile: KORES (INDIA) LTD. Kores India ltd. is a highly diversified Business House with all India network and market leadership in stationery and Office products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details