TITLE: SAP Security Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sap Security : Tasks and responsibilities Create and maintain user Roles and Authorization profiles (PFCG). Maintain users and roles in SAP ECC. Design, implement and maintain appropriate security throughout the SAP landscape. Troubleshoot SAP security errors efficiently and accurately. Maintain SAP security policies and documentation. Liaise with network administrators, systems analysts, and software engineers to assist in resolving security problems with software products or company software systems. Work with User Information System, creating and changing security policies for users and assigning users to roles. Secure Tables and Programs by creating custom Transaction codes. Monitoring the critical transaction codes and ensures that they are assigned to the concerned users only. Managing user login parameters and password parameters. Required skills, abilities, and certifications Experience with BI, PI, SRM preferred. Understanding of AD-authenticated Single Sign-On preferred. CUA knowledge preferred. Audit and compliance experience in Sarbanes-Oxley / publicly-traded commercial environment preferred. Solid Understanding of SAP and methods of interfacing with SAP through code Creating the Developer Keys for the developers and OSS IDs for SAP Users from SAP Service Place and extending their Validity for OSS notes Producing SoD Analytical Reports (both Summary and Detail) against Users, User Groups, Roles and Profiles using RAR. Mitigation and remediation of users and roles for SOX using User/Role Analysis in RAR. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills Bi SAP ECC SAP Security SOD Authorization SRM SOX Audit Compliance Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details