TITLE: UI lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Develop Markup and Script to achieve UX Requirements and Style guide Customize or develop Components or Plugins to achieve UX Requirement Deliver browser and device compliance code Map UX Requirement to UI Frameworks like Bootstrap and customise it accordingly Performance Tuning portals using best practices Analyse UX requirement and finalise UI Architect , framework and implementation approach Provide technical leadership to the team. Understand customers business challenges /goals and arrive at value added technology solutions , define technology direction and roadmap Analysing and solving complex business and workflow issues with solid scalable technical solutions Design systems at the component level , make strategic technology choices , and directly supervise the quality of designs and implementation inside and between components Guide a team of engineers offshore and onsite in design and code Have mastery of relevant technologies including Proprietary languages Ensure industry defined Best Practices are followed in design and coding Work with Sales /Business Development team in identifying new business opportunities with customer and transform to projects Ensure design and code quality Work with distributed teams for delivery and execution of projects You will be responsible to built technical competencies within the organisation Technical Requirements /Experience: Knowledge of Semantic Web and Standards. Excellent command over HTML and CSS. Good Experience writing JavaScript empowered project. Working experience of JavaScript Frameworks such as angular.js , backbone ,ember.js , react , etc. Working experience of CSS Pre -processors such as Sass , Less , Stylus , etc. Tools and Utilities Grunt , Gulp , Bower , etc. Knowledge of Design Principles. Single Page Application Development experience. ZK Framework experience will be added advantage. Object Oriented Concepts. Backend knowledge of JAVA /J2EE or PHP. Development of Hybrid mobile experience. Experience in Enterprise level projects. Should be able to work in multiple projects and stake holders both at onsite & offshore Knowledge and experience of Agile software development processes and methodologies Ability and passion to learn new technologies quickly Strong problem solving and thought partnership skills Strong sense of ownership and the ability to work with a limited set of requirements Team attitude Good verbal and written communication skills 10 years of experience in the Software Industry. Project Manager UI Developer Liferay Developer Business Analyst (BA) Sales Manager Senior Liferay Developer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: KNOWARTH Technologies Pvt. Ltd. KNOWARTH Technologies is a brainchild of passionate technopreneurs having vast experience in managing , designing and delivering large scale enterprise solutions with prime focus on achieving business goals with high performance systems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details