TITLE: Talent Acquisition Operations Associate

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Mumbai What is the Company like Directi is a group of businesses comprising of successful businesses founded by Bhavin Turakhia which includes Radix , Ringo , Flock , Media.net and Zeta . These businesses comprise 1500 people across 8 offices , with over 9 million customers , revenues over $200 million , a net worth of over $1.4 billion and multiple category leading global brands across business areas as diverse as web presence (domains , hosting , cloud -infrastructure) , online advertising (contextual advertising /ad networks) , communication & collaboration (voice and messaging) and payments (benefits and compensation). What is the Job likeAs an Talent Acquisition Operations Associate , you will be responsible for working on various projects for process improvment and employer branding strategies . The individual will start off with working on corporate communication. The responsibilities will be as follows: Maintaining , creating content for TA team across all platforms - intranet , Careers page etc Content engagement on Social Media Portals - FB , Twitter , LinkedIn Build a blog section and write engaging content on current recruitment trends at Directi and in the industry Maintain the online inventory across all recruitment platforms. Who should apply for this post You have 0 - 1 years of experience into content. You have excellent verbal & written communication skills You have a creative inclination towards writing content You understand Technology You should be good at multitasking You possess excellent inter personal & relationship building skills You pay attention to detail Benefits & PerksDirectians love their jobs , and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun , complete with bean bag chairs , ping pong tables , and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee -shirts are a -ok!). We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays , which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agencyWe are passionate about building the next generation of web products , and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting -edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip -flops to work) , then we want to get to know you Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Directi Directi comprises of a group of tech businesses owned, operated or invested in by Bhavin and/or Divyank Turakhia. The Group boasts of multiple business units that are run independently by their respective management teams. The Directi portfolio companies comprise of Radix, Ringo, Flock, Zeta and Codechef. Media.net, owned by Starbuster TMT Investments, leverages the Directi brand and culture for recruitment in its India offices. Directi also comprised of BigRock, ResellerClub, LogicBoxes and WebHosting.info which were sold to the Endurance International Group in a $160 million transaction in 2014 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details