TITLE: Html5 Developer with one of our Client in Andheri

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have opening for one of client in Andheri they havepresence in International 98 countries . Education :HTML5 Designer, Angular JS/JQuery will be added advantage Experience Min 2 years of Job DescriptionDevelop new user-facing / UI features. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. Assure that all user input is validated using HTML5 & CSS. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. Evaluate & analysed UI requirements. Proper upkeep and maintenance of source code, versions, interfaces and other related artefacts. Testing the product in controlled, real situations before going live Providing the best of cost effective solutions and maintaining an impressive application product outlook. Completing the work as per assigned deadlines and keeping management and Client updated on progress Technical SkillsProficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Strong knowledge of web standards Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them Familiarity with differences in other HTML5 based views, such as ones in email clients Knack of adhering to best design practices Fair understanding of JavaScript & jQuery programming and DOM manipulation Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that the application will adhere to them Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as {VSS / Git / Mercurial / SVN} Basic knowledge of framework 4/4.5 Thanks & Regards, Amit Bharshankar 022 41134436 Office No 26, Ashar Estate, Shree Nagar, Wagle Estate, Thane (W), 400604. (022 - 4113 4438 (30 lines) Email: jobsearchthane9@gmail.com Website: www.jobsearchindia.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search Reputed client which is into Import Export and having presence in 89 countrie Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details