TITLE: Assistant Manager - Transport Services

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary POSITION SUMMARY Document all vehicle incidents and provide reports of incidents to manager/ supervisor. Review shift logs/ daily memo books. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property amenities, services, and hours of operation, and local areas of interest. Monitor and direct all vehicle traffic on property to ensure vehicles are legally parked and to maintain a smooth and efficient flow of traffic. Communicate parking procedures to guests/ visitors. Arrange transportation for guests/ visitors, record advance transportation request. Maintain security of vehicles and vehicle keys. Monitor and maintain parking areas/ levels, report any potential security problems to manager/ supervisor. Inspect property vehicles. Assist management in training, scheduling, evaluating, disciplining, and motivating employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/ Open Door Policy process. Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of employees. Ensure adherence to quality standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Read/ visually verify information in a variety of formats. Grasp, turn, manipulate, move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds. Reach overhead and below the knees. CRITICAL TASKS Safety and Security Report work related accidents, or other injuries immediately upon occurrence to manager/ supervisor. Follow company and department safety and security policies and procedures to ensure a clean, safe, and secure environment. Identify and correct unsafe work procedures or conditions and/ or report them to management and security/ safety personnel. Complete appropriate safety training and certifications to perform work tasks. Follow property specific procedures for handling emergency situations (e.g., evacuations, medical emergencies, natural disasters). Use proper equipment, wear appropriate personal protective clothing (PPE), and employ correct lifting procedures, as necessary, to avoid injury. Maintain awareness of undesirable persons on property premises. Policies and Procedures Follow company and department policies and procedures. Protect company tools, equipment, machines, or other assets in accordance with company policies and procedures. Protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Ensure uniform, nametags, and personal appearance are clean, hygienic, professional and in compliance with company policies and procedures. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary materials and information. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Guest Relations Address guests' service needs in a professional, positive, and timely manner. Assist other employees to ensure proper coverage and prompt guest service. Thank guests with genuine appreciation and provide a fond farewell. Provide assistance to individuals with disabilities, including assisting visually, hearing, or physically-impaired individuals within guidelines (e.g., escorting them when requested, using words to explain actions, writing directions on paper, moving objects out of the way, or offering access to Braille or TDD phones). Welcome and acknowledge each and every guest with a smile, eye contact, and a friendly verbal greeting, using the guest's name when possible. Engage guests in conversation regarding their stay, property services, and area attractions/ offerings. Actively listen and respond positively to guest questions, concerns, and requests using brand or property specific process (e.g., LEARN, PLEASED, Guest Response, LEAP, MYSTIQUE) to resolve issues, delight, and build trust. Anticipate guests' service needs, including asking questions of guests to better understand their needs and watching/ listening to guest preferences and acting on them whenever possible. Communication Speak to guests and co-workers using clear, appropriate and professional language. Talk with and listen to other employees to effectively exchange information. Provide assistance to coworkers, ensuring they understand their tasks. Exchange information with other employees using electronic devices (e.g., pagers and two-way radios, email). Discuss work topics, activities, or problems with coworkers, supervisors, or managers discreetly and quietly, avoiding public areas of the property. Prepare and review written documents (e.g., daily logs, business letters, memoranda, reports), including proofreading and editing written information to ensure accuracy and completeness. Answer telephones using appropriate etiquette including answering the phone within 3 rings, answering with a smile in one's voice, using the callers' name, transferring calls to appropriate person/ department, requesting permission before placing the caller on hold, taking and relaying messages, and allowing the caller to end the call. Assists Management Serve as a departmental role model or mentor by working alongside employees to perform technical or functional job duties. Encourage and motivate employees to perform their best, take responsibility for tasks and assignments, make decisions and provide input on possible improvements. Coordinate tasks and work with other departments to ensure that the department runs efficiently. Listen to hourly employees' suggestions for improving how work is done and how guests are served, gaining management support as needed to act upon suggestions. Ensure that hourly employees are trained on company core values, job roles, responsibilities, and technical and service aspects of the job. Assist management in determining and administering appropriate disciplinary action for hourly employees. Serve as hourly employees' first point of contact as part of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/ Open Door Policy process. Collaborate with management to develop and carry-out ideas and procedures, and set goals to continuously improve department performance around guest and employee satisfaction scores. Assist management in establishing and communicating goals, performance expectations, timetables and deadlines for shift or departmental operations to hourly employees and ensure that they are understood. Assist management in preparing work schedules of hourly employees. Assign and ensure work tasks are completed on time and that they meet appropriate quality standards. Working with Others Support all co-workers and treat them with dignity and respect. Partner with and assist others to promote an environment of teamwork and achieve common goals. Develop and maintain positive and productive working relationships with other employees and departments. Actively listen to and consider the concerns of other employees, responding appropriately and effectively. Handle sensitive issues with employees and/ or guests with tact, respect, diplomacy, and confidentiality. Quality Assurance/ Quality Improvement Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Monitor the performance of others to ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Physical Tasks Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Reports/ Recordkeeping Document all vehicle incidents (i.e., damages, accidents) and provide reports of incidents to manager/ supervisor. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Manager / Sr Manager - Administration Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Marriott Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels. Marriott Hotels, Marriott Internationals flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well- crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. JW Marriott is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 70 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. Our associates deliver sophisticated and warmly authentic service in a comfortable and luxurious atmosphere that cultivates fulfilling experiences for both our associates and our guests Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details