TITLE: Section Head- I&C

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Section Head- I& C India- Mumbai Req#: 27958BR Date published: 7- Oct- 2016 Opportunity: Experienced Hire Business Line: Oil/ Gas Business Plan: ENG Level: 132 Primary Purpose: Functions as a technical specialist or supervisory role. Independently develops and applies advanced engineering techniques, concepts and approaches to unique engineering problems. May supervise engineering staff on projects of medium to high complexity, or serve as a technical specialist providing knowledge and expertise. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Engineering Standards: Proactively provides guidance and direction on department design guides, standards, systems, applicable engineering codes and B& V policies. Assists in developing, maintaining and updating engineering standards. Provides technical guidance to others regarding projects and disciplines. Quality / Continuous Improvement: Independently applies knowledge and ensures compliance with B& V quality program. Establishes related processes, and promotes a culture that is conducive to quality. Provides guidance and direction to others. Supports continuous improvement and change management efforts. Engineering Production: Prepares a variety of complex engineering deliverables for multiple or mega projects. Performs complex research and develops recommendations for equipment and/ or materials selection. Oversees collection, assimilation, and management of data for engineering work. Prepares complex engineering calculations following standard methods and principles. Manages assigned budget, schedule, and quality requirements. Develops and applies advanced engineering solutions to complex problems. Reviews lower level engineering work or assignments. Is responsible for one or more of the following: leading production teams; coordinating multiple discipline activity; and serving as the responsible charge for projects. Establishes work plan to be applied to a given project. Project Coordination: Actively coordinates with all other internal/ external team members on complex projects. Typically responsible for defining project schedules for single discipline or may have responsibility for multiple disciplines. Client Focus: Responsible for determining identification of key client interests and drivers on projects. Communicates client interests and drivers to project team members and develops approaches to accommodate these concerns in the performance of the work on moderately complex projects. Focuses on client's current needs and situations. May offer other services to the client. Typically provides support to business development or pursuit activities. Knowledge Sharing, Innovation and Technology: Serves as a technical specialist and has knowledge and skill set to provide consultation and guidance to project teams in a particular practice area. Typically supports multiple projects on the very complex technical challenges. Actively advances knowledge management of the enterprise and provides mentoring. As a subject matter expert, has additional expertise in a technical area, participates in professional societies by presenting papers, participates on technical committees, and assists with code/ standard authoring. Is externally recognized in industry as an expert which enhances the Company brand. People Management - (supervision, career development, training, mentoring) : Typically oversees performance management, career planning, recognition, learning and development, and corrective actions. Resource Management - (budgets, tools, processes, project support) : Implements resource management strategy. Manages engineering resources for small groups of a single discipline. Resolves resource conflicts and identifies training needs. Administrative: Administrative responsibilities may include office administration. Ensures policies, procedures, and processes are effectively implemented and communicated for workgroup. Ensures adherence to corporate and division programs. May approve timesheets and expense reports. Minimum Qualifications: Requires a bachelor's degree in engineering from either a recognized accredited program in their home country or the country in which the professional is practicing. Minimum of 11 years related work experience. All applicants must be able to complete pre- employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/ all of the following: criminal/ civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Preferred Job Qualifications: Written Communications, Drive For Results, Decision Quality, Priority Setting, Planning, Delegation, Directing Others, Conflict Management, Informing, Listening, Dealing with Ambiguity, Customer Focus, Building Effective Teams. Advanced knowledge of engineering design principles and applicable design guides and standards related to assigned engineering discipline. Apply Refer a Friend 0 Share Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Black Veatch Consulting Black & Veatch is a global leader in engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services for the crucial areas of energy, water, and telecommunications Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details