TITLE: Urgent Opening Fortraineear/ AR Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Opening for AR caller/SR. Ar caller in leading US healthcare company Freshers also can apply. Role: AR caller/SR. Ar Caller Exp: 0 to 5 +years Shift Timings: US Shifts. Transport: Home Drop Facility (Within Boundary Line) Salary would be excellent. Location: Mumbai Skills: Good organization skills demonstrating the ability to execute timely follow-up. Good Oral & Written Communication skills. Excellent spoken English skills and better accent without MTI Awareness of US Healthcare Industry and RCM Excellent analytical skills with understanding of health care claims processing. MS Word and MS Excel and excellent voice culture. for More Details forward your resume to sbaing@bizmaticsinc.com Thank you very much for the support and pls ignore this mail if it is a repetition. Kindly refer your friends too. Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Bizmatics India Pvt Ltd Bizmatics India Pvt LtdBizmatics India Pvt LtdBizmatics provides clinical and business productivity software and services to healthcare providers of all sizes and specialties. Our flagship application suite PrognoCIS is a fully-integrated solution consisting of PrognoCIS EMR Software, Practice Management, Medical Billing, and Patient Portals.Built on a multi-tier Internet architecture, PrognoCIS EMR supports all major specialties and is fully customizable. Integrated architecture supports common database for all Bizmatics products to ensure seamless, real-time information flow between EMR and Billing. PrognoCIS is available both as an ASP service or an in-house Client Server solution.Thousands of healthcare professionals nationwide use PrognoCIS, providing best-in-class healthcare services and patient safety while managing revenues and profitability.For more details about Bizmatics, visit: www.bizmaticsinc.com. 4th Floor, Opus Park, Opp Seepz Main Gate, Andheri East, Mumbai 400093ThanksSnehaHR Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details