TITLE: Personal Banker / Service (branch Operations) ( BANK Mumbai)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent Opening for a Personal Banker / Operations Sales & Service for Leading Bank in Mumbai Candidates needs to have 3 years + exp in Sales & Service Please share resume asap Contact Person : Divya 022 40697706 , qcprofile@gmail.com PERSONAL BANKER - SALES / NRI RM NRI Relationship Manager is one of the key positions in the bank. An NRI RM is primarily responsible for providing financial solutions to meet the requirements of the NRI customers and ensure value added customer service. He/ she is responsible for increasing liabilities size of relationship via balances in accounts of existing NRI customers and enhancing customer profitability by capturing larger share of Wallet. He/ She reviews the inflows and outflows in the mapped NRI accounts and also proactively tracks NRI visits to India. NRI RM is expected to be in close contact with the existing customers through mailers and phone calls and share insights on the fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and various product offerings. NRI RM also generates new sales leads for NRI customers through referals from existing clients, NRI brokers, stock brokers, expats of shipping companies, Overseas branches, etc. He/ She is also involved in increasing customer engagement through cross - selling Investment Products like Life Insurance, General Insurance, Gold Coins, etc. and other non Investment Products like Forex, Remittances, Loans, etc. to new and existing customers. He/ She also updates bank's internal systems like the Lakshya tracker, Daily activity tracker - DAT and Customer Profiling, etc for accurate reporting and MIS. -- Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quotient Consultancy Quotient Consultancy Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details