TITLE: Business Analyst - London and NAR

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Business Analyst (Accounting / General Ledger) BNP Paribas Group BNP Paribas (www. bnpparibas. com), is a European leader in global banking and financial services and is one of the strongest banks in the world (Rated AA by Standard & Poor's i. e. 3rd rating on a scale of 22). Headquartered in France, BNP Paribas has one of the largest international networks with operations in more than 80 countries and 200, 000 employees. Its three core businesses are: Corporate and Investment Banking Retail Banking Investment Solutions BNP Paribas India Solutions Pvt Ltd. BNP Paribas India Solutions (BNPPISPL) is a global delivery centre for BNP Paribas Group; BNPPISPL provides IT Solutions, BPO and Knowledge Services to the international Corporate and Investment Banking business of BNP Paribas Group. Job and Person Specification Job Role Business Analyst / Senior Business Analyst Location Mumbai Department Finance shared service Shift Timings , if any: General , EMEA (as required) Job Purpose : To ensure that the candidate performs the Business analysis and requirements on Accounting application and has worked on General Ledger system Key Responsibilities : ? Liaising with users for requirements gathering, UAT and migration testing up to successful delivery of the end product. ? Co- ordinate closely with the functional and business users and understand system functionalities and testing requirements . ? Partnering with Business users in conducting interviews with Business users to understand the requirements ? Collecting and analyzing user requirements and business processes. ? Developing functional specification for delivery to IT. ? Performing system testing to ensure that development is in line with functional specification. ? Liaising with counterparts in IT and PMO organizations in New York, New Jersey, London, Mumbai and Paris. ? Ensuring on- time quality delivery of all activities assigned. ? Providing users with Subject Matter Expertise for Finance processes & systems. ? Evidencing of the Requirements with the Test Cases ? Prepare Test Plan with scenarios and Test Cases, detailing the Test Steps ? Identify and gather test data from various sources ? Execute test cases and record results ? To plan, track and report progress of Test phase ? To co- ordinate with the stakeholders on sign off and approval of user requirement, Test cases and Test results Candidate Requirements for the role: Education Background: - MBA in Finance, Bachelor of Commerce, Master in Commerce, Bachelor in Science #years of experience: - 4 to 7 years of experience in business and system analysis (gathering requirements, creating system specifications) in the financial services industry. - 4 to 7 years of experience in testing of General Ledger accounting schemas and reporting. - 4 to 7 years of experience supporting accounting systems or implementing interfaces with accounting systems (i. e. upstream to general ledger) in the financial services industry. - Good understanding of banking products (Corporate Banking and/ or Capital Markets). Technical knowledge & Skills: - Good knowledge of Accounting concepts, General Ledger and Capital Market - Comfortable with basic office tools (Lotus Notes, MS Word, Outlook) - Excellent knowledge and use of Microsoft skills (Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Project) Preferred Industry / Domain experience : - Former experiences within a Finance function in Banking and Financial Services - Prior experience in BFSI Domain (Accounting, General Ledger or Capital Market) Behavioural Skills / Competencies: - Good communication skill (Verbal and Written) - Listening skills to elicit the user requirement and - Good analytical skills to perform analysis - Ability to plan, design, prepare and execute test cases (Manual and Automated) - Traceability Matrix (Ability to map requirements and specifications to test cases and vice versa) - Ability to analyse business functions and identify test scenarios (positive, negative, stress, regression, performance testing) - Understanding of testing principles and practices and - Ability to communicate effectively with Finance and IT teams - Ability to work with tight deadlines - Experience in working in Onsite Offshore environment - Knowledge of JIRA and Service Now Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Bnp Paribas BNP Paribas Group BNP Paribas (www.bnpparibas.com), is a European leader in global banking and financial services and is one of the strongest banks in the world (Rated AA by Standard & Poor's i.e. 3rd rating on a scale of 22).Headquartered in France, BNP Paribas has one of the largest international networks with operations in more than 80 countries and 200,000 employees. Its three core businesses are:- - Corporate and Investment Banking - Retail Banking - Investment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details