TITLE: Route Development Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DETAILED DESCRIPTION Key activities ? Make a product of the trade-lane as a sales tool for the team across the country ? Negotiate and arrive at competitive pricing for trade-lanes in conjunction with the overseas counterparts in line with the local market rate situations ? Driving the sales teams to work on a dedicated pipeline for trade lane and help in securing business through the product and pricing ? Review trade lane performance through statistics on a periodic basis and suggest areas of improvement ? To arrive at annual budget for the trade lane in discussion with overseas office for development of the lane ? Monitoring KPIs and validating Key Target ? Joint visits with Sales ? Imparting knowledge to Sales Teams across India. SKILL SETS & QUALIFICATIONS Key capabilities Skills/Knowledge ? Know-how of the particular geography ? An in-depth understanding of the local market situation, local competitors ? Know-how of overseas perspectives - Knowledge and understanding of customs laws/ procedures for that geography ? Ability to work under pressure and late hours / Strategic Approaches, ? Detailed Orientation & Management for Clients and Staff ? Knowledge of Trade Lanes basically into Logistics Competencies ? Excellent communication ? Administrative Skills / Marketing Skills for Product Brochures & Newsletters / TLM has to be able to travel (valid passport) Graduation mandatory A Post graduation degree in related field preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: CONTACTX RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PVT. LTD Contactx Resource Management is a Human capital solutions provider established in 2001, with 4 offices across the country. We offer Human capital solutions ranging from Contingency Executive Search, Project Based Recruitment Solutions, Temp Staffing and Customized HR Solutions for SME's.We Operate in Vertical like Engineering/Manufacturing, Packaging, Pharmaceuticals/Health Care, Chemicals, FMCG, Logistics/Travel, BFSI, Media and IT Verticals. All Vertical specific teams bring in respective domain expertise and a strong network which supplements their Recruitment & Operational expertise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details