TITLE: Team Leader - Room Service

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Assiststhe Outlet Manager in ensuring that the outlet is managed efficiently accordingto the established concept statement, providing courteous, professional,efficient and flexible service at all times Maintainspositive guest and colleague interactions with good working relationships. Assiststo ensure that the outlet is operated in line with maximising profit whiledelivering on the brand promise. Assistsin the inventory management and ongoing maintenance of hotel operatingequipment and other assets. Ensuresnew technology and equipment are embraced, improving productivity whilst takingwork out of the system. Ensuresthat minimum brand standards have been implemented. Assistsin conducting monthly inventory checks on all operating equipment and supplies. Assistto liaise with the Kitchen and Beverage Department on daily operations andquality control if appropriate. Performsthe function of cashier and responsible for Micros cashiering procedure. Balancescash and credit card charges and remittance of cash to Front Office Safe. Assiststo liaise and organise with Housekeeping Department that the cleaning schedulesare strictly adhered to. Maximisesthe effectiveness of employees by developing each of their skills and abilitiesthrough the appropriate training, coaching, and/or mentoring. Overseesthe punctuality and appearance of all Food and Beverage employees, making surethat they wear the correct uniform and maintain a high standard of personalappearance and hygiene, according to the hotel and department s groomingstandards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Captain Desired Candidate Profile Qualification in Food and Beverage Service training;preferably Diploma/Certificate in Hospitality or Tourism Management Excellent food and beverage service skills Good knowledge of wines and other beverages Basic computer skills particularly in the use of MSOffice Minimum 2 years work experience as Team Leader in a hotel or restaurant with good standards; essential prerequisiteis experience in the Hotel, Restaurant or Travel industry Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Hyatt Regency Delhi Hyatt RegencyWe are a global hospitality company with widely recognized, industry leading brands and a tradition of innovation developed over our more than fifty-year history. Our mission is to provide authentic hospitality by making a difference in the lives of the people we touch every day. We focus on this mission in pursuit of our goal of becoming the most preferred brand in each segment that we serve for our associates, guests, and owners. We support our mission and goal by adhering to a set of core values that characterizes our culture Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details