TITLE: Sr. Software Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ? Developer must possess: Ability to understand all phases of software development life-cycle. Efficiency to play one or more role as .NET Developer / Sr. Developer that matches to the candidates profile. Minimum of 6-7 years of experience. Experience with a variety of web based business applications and technologies to develop, modify, test, and document simple to complex applications. Skills Required: Strong Experience on MVC.Net, JQuery, HTML5, JSON, CSS 3. Expertise in C#. MVC.NET, OOPS, MySql, JavaScript, AJAX, Productivity tools, Testing Fundamentals, Data Base design. Prior Experience on MySQL required. Strong on .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5/4.5. Experience in deploying scalable applications. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Experience in My Sql database design and development. Domain knowledge of Capital Market will be added advantage. Technical knowledge of Redis server will be added advantage.?Key Skills:Responsibilities: Developing / Coding public facing websites. Designing and Developing MySql design, queries and stored procedures Following coding and other standards. Ensuring bug-free applications. Troubleshoot technical issues and identify modifications needed in existing applications. Communicating with business users and clients, delivering quality projects. Ensure on time and quality delivery of modules / projects. Designing, writing, and executing unit test plans.? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Confluence Consulting (I) Pvt Ltd At Confluence our search for the right person for the right job never stops, we constantly strive to understand human capital requirements with greater depth by doing the following: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details