TITLE: Commis Chef - South Indian

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Operational Â· Ensuresthat all company minimum brand standards have been implemented. Â· Workclosely with other employees in a supportive and flexible manner, focusing onthe overall success of the hotel and the satisfaction of hotel guests. Â· Washes,peels, cuts, and seeds vegetables and fruits. Â· Cleans,cuts, and grinds meats, poultry, and seafood. Â· Dipsfood items in crumbs, flour, and batter to bread them. Â· Stirsand strains soups and sauces. Â· Weighsand measures designated ingredients. Â· Carriespans, kettles, and trays of food to and from workstations, stove, andrefrigerator. Â· Storesfoods in designated areas. Â· Cleanswork areas, equipment and utensils, segregates and removes garbage Â· Distributessupplies, utensils, and portable equipment. Â· Carvesvarious cooked meats. Â· Assistsin quality control of items. Â· Setsup buffet presentations. Personnel Â· Supportsthe implementation of The People Brand, demonstrating and reinforcing HyattsValues and Culture Characteristics. Other Duties Â· Attendsand contributes to all training sessions and meetings as required. Â· Exercisesresponsible behaviour at all times and positively representing the hotel teamand Hyatt International. Â· Maintainsstrong, professional relationship with the relevant representatives fromcompetitor hotels, business partners and other organisations. Â· Readsthe hotel's Employee Handbook and have an understanding of and adhere to thehotel's rules and regulations and in particular, the policies and proceduresrelating to fire, hygiene, health and safety. Â· Ensureshigh standards of personal presentation and grooming. Â· Responds to changes in the Food and Beverage function as dictated by the industry,company and hotel. Â· Carriesout any other reasonable duties and responsibilities as assigned. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Commis Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Hyatt Regency Delhi Hyatt RegencyWe are a global hospitality company with widely recognized, industry leading brands and a tradition of innovation developed over our more than fifty-year history. Our mission is to provide authentic hospitality by making a difference in the lives of the people we touch every day. We focus on this mission in pursuit of our goal of becoming the most preferred brand in each segment that we serve for our associates, guests, and owners. We support our mission and goal by adhering to a set of core values that characterizes our cultur Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details