TITLE: NATM Design Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requisition/Vacancy No. 144043BR Position Title NATM Design Engineer Job Category Engineering - Project / Program / Management Business Line Transportation Country India State/Province/Region IN - Maharashtra City Mumbai Why Choose AECOM AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazine s annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a World s Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients projects. A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion. About the Business Line Transportation We provide professional services in areas such as aviation, transit, freight rail, highways and bridges, planning, and ports and marine. Our global network of top-tier specialists delivers comprehensive services over the full life cycle of a project to benefit clients in government and private industries. Job Summary An AECOM led consortium has been appointed as the General Consultant for the Mumbai Metro Line 3 project by the Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation, India.The 33.5-km long line will be the first underground metro line in Mumbai. At US$ 3.8 billion estimated project cost, this is the biggest consultancy contract awarded to any consultancy consortium in India.With an alignment that runs through the densely populated city, the project poses unique challenges for our experts and engineers. Position: NATM Design Engineer. Job Location: Mumbai Site Office Minimum Requirements Graduate and service experience of 5 years post qualification. Currently in executive grade in relevant domain. Minimum 02 years of experience at same level. Or diploma and service engineer experience of 9 years in executive grade in relevant domain, with minimum 02 years of experience at same level. Excellent experience in similar metro projects. Ensures conformance to quality, performance, safety and/or code requirements. Ideal candidate will be organized, have a strong sense of urgency and quick follow up, driven by results, and have a positive attitude. Excellent communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor s degree/Diploma in Civil Engineering MUST. What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Aecom Pvt Ltd Why Choose AECOM AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private- sector clients. With nearly 100, 000 employees including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News- Record magazines annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a Worlds Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high- rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients projects. A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details