TITLE: Peoplesoft Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: PeopleSoft Admin Key responsibilities include: - Â· Overall 10+ years of experience with 8+ years in PS Admin Â· Ability to install, troubleshoot and maintain PeopleSoft Internet Architecture components including o App Servers, o Process Schedulers, and o Web logic Servers. Â· Experience in implementation, Upgrade support engagements . Experience on setting up Candidate Gateway SSO Â· Working knowledge on Oracle, Unix, NT Â· Expertise in applying Maintenance Packs, Tax Updates, Patches and bundles on different environments Â· Experience in installing Oracle, SQL- Server on Windows and UNIXLinux environments Â· Experience in setting up client workstation using Configuration Manager and setting up Change Assistant for application and tools updates Â· Plan and manage the installation of application patches, tax updates and maintenance releases on development, test, QA and production environments. Â· Identify and participate in application architecture solutions for improving the reliability, performance and availability of the systems. Â· Interact with analysts and user community to analyze, diagnose, and troubleshoot problems. Â· Prepare and deliver recommendations to resolve issues in a timely manner. Â· Provide technical administration and migration support for various PeopleSoft environments. Â· Ensure application change control and migration strategy policies are followed. Â· Be available on an on-call basis for system and application problems. PeopleSoft Admin Key responsibilities include: - Â· Overall 10+ years of experience with 8+ years in PS Admin Â· Ability to install, troubleshoot and maintain PeopleSoft Internet Architecture components including o App Servers, o Process Schedulers, and o Web logic Servers. Â· Experience in implementation, Upgrade support engagements . Experience on setting up Candidate Gateway SSO Â· Working knowledge on Oracle, Unix, NT Â· Expertise in applying Maintenance Packs, Tax Updates, Patches and bundles on different environments Â· Experience in installing Oracle, SQL- Server on Windows and UNIXLinux environments Â· Experience in setting up client workstation using Configuration Manager and setting up Change Assistant for application and tools updates Â· Plan and manage the installation of application patches, tax updates and maintenance releases on development, test, QA and production environments. Â· Identify and participate in application architecture solutions for improving the reliability, performance and availability of the systems. Â· Interact with analysts and user community to analyze, diagnose, and troubleshoot problems. Â· Prepare and deliver recommendations to resolve issues in a timely manner. Â· Provide technical administration and migration support for various PeopleSoft environments. Â· Ensure application change control and migration strategy policies are followed. Â· Be available on an on-call basis for system and application problems. PeopleSoft Admin Key responsibilities include: - Â· Overall 10+ years of experience with 8+ years in PS Admin Â· Ability to install, troubleshoot and maintain PeopleSoft Internet Architecture components including o App Servers, o Process Schedulers, and o Web logic Servers. Â· Experience in implementation, Upgrade support engagements . Experience on setting up Candidate Gateway SSO Â· Working knowledge on Oracle, Unix, NT Â· Expertise in applying Maintenance Packs, Tax Updates, Patches and bundles on different environments Â· Experience in installing Oracle, SQL- Server on Windows and UNIXLinux environments Â· Experience in setting up client workstation using Configuration Manager and setting up Change Assistant for application and tools updates Â· Plan and manage the installation of application patches, tax updates and maintenance releases on development, test, QA and production environments. Â· Identify and participate in application architecture solutions for improving the reliability, performance and availability of the systems. Â· Interact with analysts and user community to analyze, diagnose, and troubleshoot problems. Â· Prepare and deliver recommendations to resolve issues in a timely manner. Â· Provide technical administration and migration support for various PeopleSoft environments. Â· Ensure application change control and migration strategy policies are followed. Â· Be available on an on-call basis for system and application problems. About PROLIMCorporation PROLIMis a leading provider of end-to-endIT , PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improvetheir profitability and efficiency by providing high-value technologyconsulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting offerings include; Advisory, PLM Software/Services,Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/Staffing, Cloud Solutions,Servers/Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/CAM/CAE,Process Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/Validation within awide range of markets and industries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Imagine a first time Plan, Design, Engineer, Detail, Manufacture and Manage lifecycle management software implementation or another extreme of a global corporation with more than 20 acquisitions over a decade struggling to consolidate and manage their PLM strategy between own and acquired tools with tools at work like Teamcenter, DS, Windchill, Agile, SAP PLM, Aras and 80 different disconnected database systems like a subway map.PROLIM aims to help such corporations accomplish their PLM business goals with strong PLM Technology R&D capabilities. Prolim leadership has seen these complexities and has been part of such major solutions. Now we want to solve the unsolved problems of these corporations, help them answer unanswered questions, and overcome challenges with a strong R&D bas Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details