TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To offer a high level of consistent, friendly and efficient care to all Corporate and retail clients. 2. Initiate and supervise marketing tie-ups and promotions with reputed brands of supermarkets, departmental stores, multiplexes, restaurants, gyms etc. in the neighborhood of each spa in Pune & Mumbai. 3. Conduct below-the-line promotional activities by leading a team of promoters at offices, malls, exhibitions etc. 4. Conduct and supervise newspaper Ads, banners, online mktg promotions etc. 5. Generate Corporate Sales by tieng up with corporate and retail chains. 6. Sell and promote spa memberships, gift vouchers etc. customized as per the company's requirements. 7. Prepare marketing reports for weekly and monthly reviews. 8. Coordinate with graphic designer, printers and any other vendors for vouchers, leaflets and other such material required for the job. 9. Any other responsibilities as assigned by the company from time to time. 10. Sourcing new avenues for corporate/ mktg tie-ups. 11. Giving corporate presentations to new corporate clients. 12. To deal with all client queries - by phone, post, online and face-to-face. 13. To maintain a good knowledge of all products and treatments in order to deal with corporate client queries. (Product training will be provided). 14. To consistently achieve Marketing targets. 15. To identify and maximize sales growth opportunities through various marketing strategies. 16. Liaison with the Spa Manager in designing and creating new mktg ideas and strategies to grow the sales of the company. To maintain an accurate client database and update them as and when new offers on board through, various medium of communications like, sms, mailers, facebook etc. 17. To build up a rapport with all corporate clients. 18. To carry out duties as required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ora Regenesis Spa ORA REGENESIS SPA" is the brand of JK LEISURES PVT Ltd. that AIMS to lead the wellness and hospitality industry with its aspiring & innovative team of experts committed towards high quality service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details