TITLE: Business Development Consultant

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile/ Responsibilities: 1. Sales : 1. Business Development shy Account management responsibility for managing the activities for bid pursuits of clients in the Different industry. 2. Assume full endshytoshyend responsibility for proposal response development on behalf of the group companies. This includes handling Business requirement, Sales Activity, Sales operation, Commercials, BID/ RFP Submission activities and coordination with all internal Business Units, Horizontals and support functions in a timely and effective manner. 3. Managing Sales/ after sales activities of the Account. 4. Handle the complete sales cycle, from Lead generation till Collections & getting repeat business from the existing clients. 5. Conduct company research and develop detailed value proposition for targeted companies and new Prospects. 1. 2. Pre Sales: 1. Answering to RFI (Request for Information), RFP (Request for Proposal), RFQ (Request for Quotation) 2. Making Proposals and Presentations for the Client 3. Addendums Review 4. Database Maintenance 3. Business Development :Business Development Consultant, Delhi/ NCR 2012shy03shy13 04:48:52 (UTC) http:/ / bladebrains. com/ career/ currtentshyopening/ job/ 1/ 1/ list. html 2/ 2 laquo Return to list share on twitter 1. Worked and travelled across Different Industries inAchieved sales targets in region Candidate Profile Good Command on English. Having a smart & positive attitude and good presentation skills. An all rounder with Decision Making Sales & Business Development experience is a must Understanding of Finance & Accounting, business models and revenue generation A self starter individual and someone who is able to work with minimum supervision and guidance Prior experience in Client Handling & Servicing Experience in lead generation, business development & account management Time management skills & ability to stretch and work on off day, if required Own vehicle is a must (two or four wheeler) Willingness to travel in and outside Delhi Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blade?BRAINS GROUP Blade?BRAINS is a consulting firm, which bridges the gap between the organization,brand and the consumer lifecycle, creating a subliminal attachment.Our Services cater to the requirements & needs of an organization in Business Strategies,Marketing & Human Capital. Services are available through on demand 24x7 deliverymechanism where time is treated as money and the attitude is to satisfy the client to thebest of our abilities, and for the best results, optimally utilizing the resources available.In todays economy, where the economy is undergoing an ongoing reform process, eachbusiness institution faces new threats & opportunities. To overcome these, capitalizing ontheir internal capital and brand equity, is important to help reform their structures andstrategies and re?launch themselves aggressively in the global markets. We @ Blade?BRAINSbring in innovation led techniques, which besides other value additions in the business,uncover the hidden latent trends & desires of the consumer, and help the management tobuild the right business strategy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details