TITLE: Hiring for Executive Assistant role for a Reputed BFSI Client

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We have an immediate opening with one of our esteemed MNC client, please go through the details below. Skill : Secretarial and administrational activities Designation : Executive Assistant Experience : 3 to 6 years Location : Mumbai (Elphinstone Road) The Following is the job description : Job will be on a contractual basis for 2 years. Office timings: 9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday Competitive salary will be given based on the expertise of the candidate Candidates with or without work experience okay, however people having held Executive Assistant positions will be preferred. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office needed Provide administrative support to the Director Business Planning & Sales Management, and assistance to the 14 member team. Prepare bi-weekly, monthly and quarterly activity reports, and monitor department group calendar. Provide travel, schedule and meeting coordination including reserving meeting rooms, audio/visual equipment, catering and other resources. Prepare correspondence, memoranda, spreadsheets and presentations. Maintain electronic paper filing systems and maintains department budget(s). Process expense reports, and maintain department timesheets and vacation schedules. Provide ongoing administrative assistance including greeting visitors, answer and direct phone calls to appropriate areas, and answer routine questions. Provide general office support including processing of incoming and outgoing mail; ensuring equipment such as printers, copiers and faxes remain in working order and are serviced on a regular basis; and, order and maintain appropriate levels of office supplies. Support department projects and initiatives. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE * Associates degree in Business Administration or related field or Secretarial/Administrative certification preferred * Requires 4+ years administrative experience in a professional environment, financial industry preferred * Advanced knowledge of business desktop applications (MS Outlook, Word, Excel, Powerpoint) * Knowledge and use of proper English usage, grammar, vocabulary, spelling and proofreading * Working knowledge of generally accepted office procedures, practices and equipment (printers, copiers, faxes, multi-line phones) Please forward your resume if you are interested with the following details. Current CTC: Exptd CTC : Notice period : Contact details : Thanks & Regards, Sukruth Research Analyst 'Alp Heights'. No. 3, Palace Road,12th Main, Vasanthnagar, Bangalore - 560 052, India. Tel : 08030911628/9164752816 Email : sukruth.k@alpconsulting.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role Category:Other Role:Secretary/PA Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alp Consulting Ltd We are hiring for a reputed BFSI client that is listed in top 10 companies in BFSI sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details