TITLE: Business Development Specialist - inside sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are seeking self-starters who have an entrepreneurial spirit, a strong work ethic, and who can thrive in a fast-paced environment. As a Business Development Specialist you will help generate new business through prospecting and lead generation. This is an excellent opportunity to demonstrate your communication, negotiation, and problem-solving skills. Position overview:Develop a pipeline of potential clients for SNIC, India Prospect potential clients, targeting executives of Fortune 500 and middle-market companies (C-level, SVP/ EVP, and VP)Qualify leadsInitiate sales cycle by scheduling meetings with qualified leadsMake up to 50 cold calls per day Strategize with team-mates to accomplish weekly business growth goals, work with SNIC, India to manage the pipeline and develop businessContribute toward moving opportunities through the sales pipelineEnsure follow-up meetings are scheduled and conducted in a timely mannerBuild and maintain relationships with prospective clientsManage accounts effectively Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SNic India Home About UsThe team of SNIC, India have aided small, medium and large scale Organizations to strategically reduce costs and become profitable by reducing lead times, eliminating non value added activities and work in progress, increasing productivity as well as throughput.SNIC, India brings a team concept to every assignment whether it involves the application of Lean manufacturing systems, Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), Six Sigma, Industrial engineering time and motion studies, Layout improvement, Ergonomics, Simulation modelling and analysis, Capacity planning and scheduling or cutting edge Packaging and Material handling techniques. SNIC, India joins forces with you to complement your business know-how with our expertise. We work closely with our clients in a spirit of partnership and cooperation. This team approach ensures the validity of every study we conduct. You'll find that our assistance reaches from planning to implementation and right through to post-project support. We earn your trust. Then we keep it. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details