TITLE: Sr. Executive / Assistant Manager / Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile : Candidate will have to cover B2B market & generate branding and product positing of RezLive. com in Tamilnadu Region. Create new business opportunities and affiliations for RezLive. com Support, and client training to existing clients on RezLive. com Developing new business and generating new sales lead. The candidate will be responsible for sales of Travel related services to Travel Agents. Following up on existing quotes and inquires with Travel Agents. Maintain relationship with existing clients & generating new clients to develop business. Coordination with operation team for pre sales requirement. Desired Profile : Should have 2 to 6 years of work experience in Travel Industry. Good command over English, Hindi and Local language (able to read and speak). Candidate should have knowledge of local travel trade. Candidate should have experience to sell outbound destinations. Basic computer knowledge along with experience of using MS Office, Emails and Internet. Good knowledge of destinations, agents & hotels in these regions. Candidate worked in outbound travel agencies, IATA Certified will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TRAVEL DESIGNER GROUP A few years ago, the idea of representing a country locally was a concept only a few knew of, and even fewer had heard of. If travel agents wanted any information about a destination, they conducted their own study, did price comparisons, and asked relatives & friends, if they visited that destination for some sort of reference. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details