TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we want you to do: We want you to nurture existing and build new relationships with clients, current and prospective. Additionally, you will be required to handle the project delivery in line with the business objectives. You are expected to perform the following: Initiate new relationships with companies that Bang* seeks to work with and build a healthy pipeline of opportunities. Nurture existing relationships, understand the clients' needs and propose Bang* services to deliver value. Convey the client objectives to the internal teams and ensure smooth delivery. Prepare business proposals and agreements with service level metrics. Who we are looking for: We are looking for self starters, people who are passionate about their work and willing to put that little bit extra to get things done. In addition we ant you to be one or more of the following: A graduate/ post graduate with 2 years of sales experience (corporate or consultancy). A natural networker for whom forming lasting relationships is the epitome of success. A strong communicator to champion our cause to client and their cause to the internal development teams. A healthy sense of respect for professional ethics. Someone who loves to travel. (You will be based in Bangalore, but there will be intra city and inter city travel). We would like you to possess: An outward and warm personality with prior long standing social and business relationships. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Ability to grasp business needs and rapidly turnaround business correspondences. Proficiency in MS OFFICE. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bang Design Pvt Ltd We build meaningful products and services for our clients.We work with leading organizations and promising startups across diverse sectors. We believe that your product or service is what makes your company and not the other way round. Our products and service designs capture the imagination of the user, set you apart from the competition and help build your brand. We partner our clients in the product development journey. We champion the end user through various tools at hand in order to garner internal support, tackle burning issues and get to real world solutions in the shortest possible time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details