TITLE: Sales Manager - Chemicals

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose:Â To plan and carry out direct marketing and sales activities, so as to maintain and develop sales of Mahesh (India)'s present accounts and explore new prospects, in accordance with agreed business plans. Key Responsibilities:Â - Maintain and develop existing and new customers and to get more specific market insides.Â - Achieve assigned sales goals in accordance with the regional marketing and sales plans. Work proactively with customers, look after competitor activities and ensure sale objectives are met within organization strategy. - Follow-up of customer payments. - Cold call, direct email, and perform other lead generation activities. - Ensure customer satisfaction. - Travel to different locations to make sales calls. - Develop and follow up new applications for our products. - Carry out market research, competitor and customer surveys. Prepare marketing strategies alongside other company executives. Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Direct Marketing Market Research Lead Generation Strategy Planning Chemicals and Plastic Polymer Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization - Good techno-commercial knowledge.- Self-motivated, Result oriented, Team player and Meet deadlines.- Ability to regularly travel across the region.- Good knowledge in using Microsoft Office.- Fluent in English and Hindi, both verbal and written.- Good communication skills across business. Company Profile: Mahesh (India) We are established in 1965 and involved into imports and export of speciality chemicals. We are distributor for Expancel, Sweden (AkzoNobel group company) for their Microspheres and Nippon Seiro, Japan for their Microwaxes. Since 2004, in technical collaboration with Expancel we manufacture some of the grades in India. We also export this to nearby Asian countries. Expancel microspheres have various grades for different applications. It acts as a blowing agent and a light weight filler having applications in different industries. We also export dye intermediates e.g. Resist Salt. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details