TITLE: Senior Media Exec/media Manage

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We already have more than 25 million members worldwide and a social-media following the size of a small country, and you can now find us everywhere from Spain to the US, from Sweden to Italy, Poland and Norway, from Germany to Switzerland, and elsewhere too. In short, were doing big things fast and its all very exciting. Were looking for grafters and self-starters to join the gang, who can keep up with the pace and want to make a difference. We still work in relatively small teams, so theres no room for coasting along. Were friendly, happy, and most importantly, we work hard. Were not afraid to get our hands dirty and were all madly passionate about our brand. We also have fun parties and dont have to wear uncomfortable suits to work. If youre ambitious, excel at what you do and you want to help us add a few more impressive things to our list of achievements, then wed love to hear from you. Overall Job Purpose Your will take full ownership of our Newsletter product. From winning clients to seeing the finished product go out to our members each month. You will be tasked with ensuring we send out some of the best travel and entertainment deals in the market during that month Main responsibilities Establishing new media relationships with senior decision across all Travel and Tourism Sectors Sell in the benefits of email and Newsletter marketing to Cruise, Flights, Hotels, Food and Entertainment sectors Succesfully cordinate and drive other SE internal teams to help you reach your end goal (Editorial, Contracts and Design). Role Requirements A knowledge of the Travel and Entertainment deals market Knowledge of email marketing An understanding of the wider online media industry Contacts within the Travel and Tourism sector must Contacts within Entertainment and Food and drink sector advantage Solid experience in sales and hitting monthly targets 2-5yrs experience in Media Sales A keen sales person who doesnt mind picking up the phone must Experience of negotiating must Boundless energy and commitment to your work and an entrepreneurial can do approach to business must Your characteristics Media Sales is a relatively small team but is now a hugely profitable part of the business. As a small team we expect any candidate to be reasonably self-sufficient and tenacious in their approach. Equally were a team that will ensure you are fully supported in your growth here. We believe strongly you should have fun as you work and encourage an upbeat, positive environment. In a competitive market we pride ourselves in sticking out from the crowd with truly innovative ideas and stunning creative. Salary:INR 25,00,000 - 40,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills Email Marketing Media Sales Travel Entertainment Online Media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GreeNxt Technology Solutions Private Limited GreeNxt is a leading HR solutions company, working with multinational companies for building great workforce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details