TITLE: Machine Learning Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazons Selection Monitoring team is responsible for making the biggest catalog on the planet even bigger.Â We build software to find products not already sold on Amazon and algorithmically add them to the Amazon catalog.Â Our work involves building Information Retrieval (IR) infrastructure, Machine Learning systems, and distributed compute and storage systems to process data at cloud-scale to extend and enrich the Amazon catalog.Â We apply the state- of- the-art Web-mining, Cloud Computing and Deep Learning to process millions of products from the web every day and make the data actionable.Â We constantly stretch the boundaries of Machine Learning to tackle business challenges.Â If you are customer obsessed, self-driven, tenacious and analytical, you will have fun solving our business problems of unprecedented scale.Â As an experienced machine learning scientist, you will help research and develop new computer algorithms leveraging both classical and deep learning techniques.Â We are looking for ML Engineers to tackle challenging problems in the areas of information retrieval at internet scale using data science.Â You should have depth and breadth of knowledge in text mining, information retrieval and deep learning.Â You should also have programming and design skills to manipulate unstructured data and systems that work at internet scale. You will encounter many challenges, including Scale (build models to handle billions of pages),Accuracy (extreme requirements for precision and recall),Speed (generate predictions for millions of new or changed pages with low latency),Diversity (models need to work across different languages, market places and data sources) Come join us in our journey to make everything - and yes, we do mean *everything* -Â that anyone wants to buy, available on Amazon! Bachelors/Master Degree in Computer Science with advanced degrees preferred. 5+ years of hands on experience in building machine learning systems for large data sets.Strong skills in problem solving, programming and computer science fundamentals. Expertise in using Python, Java / C++, or other programming languages, as well as ML toolkits such as scikit-learn, Theano, Tensorflow, Keras or similar machine learning tools. PhDs, specialized in Information Retrieval and Machine Learning.Experience in designing and implementing information retrieval, web mining systems usingÂ Deep Learning and Neural Networks.Big thinker that can take broad visions and concepts and develop structured plans, actions and measurable metrics and then execute those plans. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills Machine Learning Scientist Applied Scientist Python Java C++ scikit - learn Theano Tensorflow Keras Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon.com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon.com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee.com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www.amazon.in for shoppers in India. With www.amazon.in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details