TITLE: Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This role will require the developer to design, develop, code, test, debug and document programming applications to satisfy requirements of the Fixed Income team. They will typically provide some higher function production and technical support to systems being developed. They will also provide comprehensive consultation to business unit and IT management and staff at the highest technical level. Responsibilities shall include: Create technical design recommendations for developing and integrating programs per written specifications Examine applications to ensure adherence to Application Engineering guidelines, processes and procedures Utilize multiple programming languages and software technologies to ensure applications are suitably fit for use and admissible for maintenance/ upgrades Test, modify, and implement application codes; make standard modifications to existing software applications and modules in accordance with high- level specifications, application support and industry standards Work with both onshore and offshore development teams. Qualifications * Minimum 10 years of programming / application development work. * Asset Mgmt, Fixed Income products and Trading flow knowledge a plus . * Expert knowledge of J2EE, JSP, JMS, EJB, servlet, JavaScript, Spring, Ajax and programming distributed applications. * Working knowledge of relational database technology ( Oracle and PLSQL preferred) * Very good understanding of software testing techniques. Strong understanding of software development methodologies, processes and principles. * Experience with agile is a plus. * College degree in related technical or business area, specialized training and/ or equivalent work experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle javascript ajax ejb technical support application support jms application development agile procedures Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details