TITLE: Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good understanding of Retail and CPG domain Ability to create relevance for Brillio to theclients through tailored value proposition built upon deep domain understandingand the ability convey the same with impact to our clients/prospects Must be keen on spending time in the market tobetter appreciate client challenges and opportunities and feed that back tointernal teams for solutioning / product development etc. Clearly and assertively communicate internallyand externally to drive outcomes Run strategic pursuits end-to-end in collaborationwith sales and technology teams Understanding and appreciation of the technologylandscape supporting respective domain businesses, including technologyimplementation lifecycle, processes etc. Develop and implement unique and innovativeuse-cases based on client needs Education qualifications B.E. / B. Tech. MBA (preferred) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills product development mba domain understanding b tech use cases technology implementation client b e feed Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Brillio Technologies Pvt. Ltd Brillio is a global technology consulting and services firm focused on leveraging emerging technologies for innovation and application modernization in the Banking & Finance, Utilities, CPG, Retail, Technology, Media and Entertainment Industries. With over 2000 brilliant minds globally, Brillio is focused on deploying the new know how in technology to help our customers grow and drive business innovation today. Our teams focus on the challenges and problems of tomorrow so that we can bring contextual innovation to our customers, allowing them to collaborate, dream and realize their business vision. At Brillio, we bring industry experts together with technology gurus and business thought leaders to develop products that bring absolute value to our customers and their businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details