TITLE: Green Plum Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GIM Big Data, Business Intelligence and Client Analytics ETL job description Description J. P. Morgan is a global leader in asset and wealth management services. We serve four distinct client groups through three businesses: institutions and retail clients through J. P. Morgan Asset Management; ultra high net worth clients through the Private Bank; and high net worth clients through Private Wealth Management. With assets under supervision of $1. 5 trillion and assets under management of $1. 1 trillion, we are one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world. Asset Management J. P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and individual investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. As of June 30,2012, one of the largest asset and wealth managers in the world, with assets under supervision of $2 trillion and assets under management of $1. 3 trillion, we provide global market insights and a range of investment capabilities that few other firms can. GIM Big Data, Business Intelligence and Client Analytics This group provides best- in- class business analytics solutions to various Investment Management lines of business through working with the business strategy teams to execute JP Morgan's Investment Managements data analytic strategy. The team is responsible for managing the technology for the analytic environment, building the analytic models and integrating models into the Funds Client and Sales applications. The uses cases include leveraging complex business data to improve customer experience through targeted content, provide efficiencies and insight to the sales team to gain market share. Role Description and Responsibilities Develop ETL processes using Informatica Develop automated solutions for data loading using Informatica, ControlM and Greenplum Interface with technical and business teams to understand the data requirements Work with Infrastructure teams in the deployment and migration of code to Production environment Collaborate in technical discussions involving partitioning and distribution of data in Greenplum Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java oracle unix scheduling business intelligence business analytics asset management business strategy computer science informatica Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Candidates must have prior experience within the data warehouse / data analytic space. The successful candidate should also possess the following attributes: 7 years experience working with Informatica for designing, implementing, testing, migrating, deploying and managing ETL solutions 7 years hands- on experience with Oracle or other major Database technologies 7 years working in Data Warehouse and other such environments where there is a focus on performance tuning for high volume data loading and transformation Strong proficiency in PL/ SQL Experience in programming language like Java/ Python is a must Experience in ControlM or other such scheduling tools Experience in designing relational data models Experience working in Unix environments with basic understanding of shell scripts Greenplum experience (and understanding of utilities such as gpload / gpfidst and psql) a plus Strong work ethic, quick- learner, self- starter who is creative with a 'can- do' attitude and attends to detail Excellent written and verbal communication Team player exhibiting professional maturity, personal integrity, and excellent interpersonal skills Undergraduate or advanced degree in Computer Science or other engineering discipline Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details