TITLE: Blockchain Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking at recruiting 3-4 Blockchain people in October , IT Experience of 4-10 years Minimum 1 year experience in Blockchain projects Hands on experience in executing Industry Projects with one or more Blockchain platform (Hyperledger, Ripple, Etherium, etc.) o Setting up the Blockchain Environment o Technical Design o Development of the business use case/requirement on Blockchain o Integration with the surround application o Testing o Outcome Reviews Understanding of concepts of chaincode, consensus alogorithm, blockchain security, validating peer Proficient in Java/J2EE Familiar with programming in golang. Familiarity with REST, Jason, Java script, Node.Js Basic knowledge of Unix/Linux scripting Understanding of cryptography Background of Financial Services domain is plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development experience financial services technical design use case java j2ee unix linux understanding projects java script Desired Candidate Profile We are looking at recruiting 3-4 Blockchain people in October , IT Experience of 4-10 years Minimum 1 year experience in Blockchain projects Hands on experience in executing Industry Projects with one or more Blockchain platform (Hyperledger, Ripple, Etherium, etc.) o Setting up the Blockchain Environment o Technical Design o Development of the business use case/requirement on Blockchain o Integration with the surround application o Testing o Outcome Reviews Understanding of concepts of chaincode, consensus alogorithm, blockchain security, validating peer Proficient in Java/J2EE Familiar with programming in golang. Familiarity with REST, Jason, Java script, Node.Js Basic knowledge of Unix/Linux scripting Understanding of cryptography Background of Financial Services domain is plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Ernst Young EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities. EY refers to the global organization and may refer to one or more of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com. EY material on this page has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details