TITLE: TAM Services

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Account Manager (TAM) Strategic Aims: To increase the value that the customer can derive from Microsoft products, services and technologies. Key Responsibilities: 1) Enterprise Technical Relationship - Maintain a breadth of knowledge in a market or, of industry standard frameworks and architectures as well as demonstrable technical expertise in deploying and/or supporting MS Technologies such as Windows Server, Active Directory, Exchange Server, ISA, MOM, SMS, Network security, Internet/Intranet etc. - Manage Premier Support relationship with 7-8 enterprise customers. - Develop excellent relationship with key stake holders in the customer organization & the Sales Account Managers within MS. - Document the customer environment & constantly keep them updated. - Research Technical Aspects & Best Practices. - Map technical information to customers context. - Create Service Delivery Plan (SDP) with key stake holders in customer organization. - Set Condition of Satisfaction (COS) with customer & adhere to the same. - Renew Premier Contract 2) Reactive Support - Provide onsite support to address break fix events in the customer environment. - Work with the backend Global Support Center to deliver efficient support for Incidents logged by customers. - Do escalation management for Incidents logged with Global Support Center & ensure timely closure. - Give product feedback (Design change request, bug etc) to the product team. 3) Supportibility Review & Proactive Services - Conduct supportability review on a current customer deployment to find GAPS. - Propose fine tuning/changes to the current deployment or suggest new solutions. - Conduct technical analysis of proposed technology, research internally to determine best practices & if similar project has been done before. - Test the proposed changes to ensure that it meets requirement, including integration test as needed. - Conduct security review & propose changes required to safe guard the customer environment. - Proactively send security alerts, technical bulletins as per customer need 4) On going Advice & Knowledge Transfer to Customer - Study technical books, internet content, magazines, internal & external sources to build knowledge base & gather best practices. - Respond to customer needs by email, phone calls & one to one meetings. - Prepare documentation as needed. - Facilitate customer invitation to various MS events & trainings. 5) Presentation & Trainings to Customers & Partners - Identify Customer needs - Research knowledge base & collect reference materials. - Prepare customized presentations or Trainings materials. - Give presentation or training. - Gather feedback & fine tune. 6) Contribute to MS Internal Knowledge Management System - Capture all the field learning on a project & document the same in the format required. - Ensure all assets created on an proactive assignment - Supportability Review document, Frequently asked questions ,Dos & Dont , Presentations etc is submitted to the internal knowledge management system. - Provide constructive feedback for all the assets downloaded from the internal knowledge management system. Success Criteria: Quality of work as measured by customer satisfaction & Premier Contract renewal. Personal utilisation level. Development and maintenance of relevant technical and industry expertise. Quality of contributions to the knowledge management system. Customer Testimonials & case studies Experience and Knowledge Requirements: Minimum of 8 years customer facing work experience in Trouble shooting, Support & Deployment of software-related products or services, in a Microsoft-based large-scale Enterprise environment. This experience should be across multiple customer organization. Experience in identifying and delivering technical solutions to customer business problems.Solid hands on experience in deploying, supporting & trouble shooting on MS Technologies - Windows, Active Directory,Exchange, SMS, MOM, ISA,Network Security etc. Ability to communicate with the appropriate audiences at all levels of an organization in a technical context Behaviour and Personality Profile: Problem-solving ability Strong customer-focus Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Demonstration of action orientation Technical passion and drive Evidence of self-development Education and Professional Qualification Requirements Essential: A bachelors degree in Engineering - BE, BTECH or Equivalent. Industry Certifications like MCSE 2003, ITIL,CISSP Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills assets development documentation backend btech knowledge management email events sms alerts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details