TITLE: Senior Interaction Designer, Mobile

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for more exceptional people to join us! Help us solve the challenges of moving travelers around the world and support a thriving community of professional drivers. Senior Interaction Designer, Mobile (f/m) Your challenge: Create UX concepts, wireframes, and final designs. Continuously improve our products and process. Work closely with cross-functional teams on projects of varying length and complexity. Obsess over defining the problem and delivering scalable designs that serve the needs of multiple stakeholders and users. About you: Strong portfolio that demonstrates process and breadth, and the ability to turn ideas into a compelling solution. 5+ years designing user experiences for consumer products (with at least 3+ years designing mobile apps). You speak the design patterns of iOS and Android apps fluently. You can explain design rationale in person and in email, and can present to different levels of the organization. You enjoy taking ownership of a topic, bringing good ideas to life, and shepherding them through to ship. You can triage and adjust to the realities of limited time and resources. You work across functional teams to understand the problem and needs of both the business and our users. You can facilitate discussions to define the user journeys through a service from start to finish. Youre able to respectfully challenge assumptions, give feedback, and build consensus. You quickly shift to the right tools for the problem at hand sketching, wireframing, and storyboarding as necessary. You can set an agenda for an organization, improve processes inside and between teams, and build momentum. You hold yourself to a high standard and help others reach the same level. Background in prototyping, visual design, motion design, and other spoken languages a plus. More than a job: Stand out from the crowd and join the fastest-growing tech startup in Germany. Our unique team is characterized by flat hierarchies, flexible working hours and an open-minded atmosphere. Grow in an environment that values trust, creativity and teamwork. Gain a global perspective in our team of 40 nationalities. Receive a permanent contract with attractive compensation and recognition of your achievements. Work in a historic Berlin 5-story factory-loft. Seriously, where else in Europe would you rather work right now? If you want to be a part of an award-winning company that promises a consistently exceptional experience around the world, please apply through our contact form. We look forward to hearing from you! Salary:INR 11,00,000 - 17,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Android Visual Design IOS Interaction Design Consumer Products Design Patterns Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GreeNxt Technology Solutions Private Limited GreeNxt is a leading HR solutions company, working with multinational companies for building great workforce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details