TITLE: CIB - Transaction Processing Spvsr - Team Leader - Mumbai

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. The primary responsibility of this position is to support the day to day operations for transaction processing for trades received from global and domestic clients. Incumbent should possess knowledge on working of capital market. He should have the ability to work under pressure and meet stringent deadlines. Can effectively work in teams. Liaise with internal clients, client services & relationship managers. Key Responsibilities would include:- Accuracy in processing in line with SOPs with no errors. Identify & escalate all error/exceptions on identification. Responds to routine queries/complaints Be audit focused in all BAU activities. Comply with the firm's policies & SOPs. Navigates systems quickly and accurately Identify opportunities for process efficiency & implement in a controlled manner Exhibit effective communication with key stakeholders. Thorough knowledge of SOPs/related check points. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills operations assets institutions capital market academic pc audit complaints policies procedures Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Commerce graduates with good academic record. Good PC skills including Microsoft office products (Excel, Word, Power point, Access) Good oral and written communications skills. Must be able to work under pressure Able to grasp/learn concepts and procedures quickly Ability to work independently Problem solving skills Good time management skills Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details