TITLE: Java Applications Developer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As Application developer lead, you will need to Participate in discussions with different stake holders (Business Ops, technical teams and business analysts ) and communicate the details to stakeholders to satisfy business requirements. Provide implementation solution / Support Analysis, configuration setups during project build rollouts to different environments. Your daily responsibilities will include investigate/ analyse, design, test, debug and provide technical solutions on BAU related issues and projects. The individual should be proficient in development skills for more than one technology as well as proficient in multiple design techniques. This position requires knowledge on multiple technologies, extremely good analytical skills, environment management and configuration and very strong communication working with multiple stakeholders across globe. Technical Skill required are 12-14 yrs of experience of which 3-5 yrs in leading/ managing projects Demonstrated ability in delivering projects and providing hands-on support Should have 5 years of working knowledge in Core Java & C Should have 5 years of working knowledge in Unix shell scripts , SQL Working knowledge Sybase , MQ Working knowledge Weblogic, iReport Knowledge on VB6 and CITRIX will be added advantage Very strong verbal and written communication skills Advanced understanding and experience with Project Management delivery methods and tools Ability to understand and manage complicated and conflicting Customer / Client requirements Simultaneously delivering more than one project Identifying project risks, determining impacts and probability assessments. Implementing appropriate mitigation strategies. Escalating risks and exposures to management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development project management tools citrix java sql methods configuration sybase environment management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details