TITLE: Sales Manager - Gracenote, Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The role of the Sales Manager is to manage and grow sales of Gracenote India's products and services across PAN India or any specific Region(s) assigned. The person works to provide consistent and profitable growth in sales revenues through planning, identifying the key objectives, strategies and action plans to improve short and long-term sales and earnings, whilst retaining the current client base. This role requires strong verbal, presentation and email communication skills in conjunction with some technical awareness. Background in the Broadcast, Pay TV and content entertainment markets would be an advantage. Roles & Responsibilities Introduce, Maintain & Grow client relationships to meet and exceed sales goals Ensure clear articulation of client needs Maintain strong relationships with clients to ensure the smooth running of a highly successful account relationship Be able to clearly articulate back to clients how Gracenote Indias solutions will improve productivity and provide cost-effectiveness to their particular issues Keep clients regularly informed at all stages of new initiatives and products Proactively communicate on quarterly basis with all clients to identify new sales opportunities, provide customer service, and ensure account renewals Ensure accurate and complete information is captured Attend industry conferences\seminars to network and develop new client relationships Working closely with Gracenote Indias Sales Support team to ensure facilitation of the day-to-day client operational & delivery needs Conduct professional and informative sales visual and product demonstration presentations Provide market intelligence to identify product improvement areas Gather competitive intelligence regarding pricing and other information Participate in direct marketing campaigns such as cold calling, email and social media marketing as directed Maintain updated product knowledge and attend all internal training sessions When required, respond to Request for Proposals (RFP) within deadlines Travel interstate as required and directed Should be able to make good and successful sales in complex situations like Prospective client wants the product/service at a low price. Existing client wants to renew at a reduced price due to a low price offer from competition. Startups requesting for service on FOC basis for testing or POC purpose. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Broadcasting Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Direct Marketing Sales Management Demonstration Sales Support Social Media Marketing Retention Operations Marketing Campaigns Cold Calling Customer Service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gracenote Gracenote, Inc Gracenote is the top provider of entertainment information, creating industry-leading databases of TV, movie, and music metadata for entertainment guides, applications and in car entertainment. Our technology serves billions of requests daily to hundreds of millions of devices around the world. Our customers include innovators like Apple, Twitter, Google, Spotify, M-GO and Hulu, top consumer electronics and cable companies, as well as leading automotive manufacturers such as Ford and Toyota, throughout the US and the world. Simply put, data provides you with an opportunity to impact the evolution of the entire entertainment industry. Gracenote touches hundreds of millions of music fans and TV viewers every day. We provide music and video content and technologies to the world's hottest entertainment products and brands. We define how the world connects with, discovers and enjoys digital entertainment on tomorrow's emerging platforms. Work with us on driving the industry standard for music recognition and supporting the largest database of music metadata in the world! Gracenote is building a team of entertainment information experts and data specialists who will support our music products and services. Your contributions to our team will help us increase content coverage in existing and emerging markets to give our customers a premium music metadata experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details