TITLE: iOS Developer - Product Development MNC

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this iOS Developer - Product Development MNC - Bangalore - 4-7 Yrs Should have a solid understanding of iOS SDK development and iOS Human Interface Guidelines. Should have knowledge of iOS Architecture (Cocoa Touch, Media Services, Core Services, and Core OS). Should have experience in integrating with RESTful APIs. Should be capable of OOP (Object Oriented Programming). Should have a solid understanding of the life cycle of mobile development. Should strive for timely delivery, high quality and clear processes. Should have good soft skills to gel with colleagues from other teams in order to harness the development process. This would be preferred. Should have an understanding of industry coding standards and an ability to create appropriate technical documentation. Should have worked in a startup like environment with high levels of ownership and commitment. Will lead a team in building and developing native iOS applications that run on iPhones and iPads. Will work with the management teams and collaborate with developers and graphic designers. Will work towards delivering through the app life cycle concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app store. Will adhere to good agile practices like Refactoring, Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration. Will lead projects and oversee other developers. This will involve technical planning, development, integration and deployment with a required level of quality. Will analyze requirements, wireframes and capabilities of related systems to propose appropriate solutions and build prototypes when needed. Will practice clean, stable, unit-tested code and provide accompanying documentation where needed. Will mentor team members by sharing industry best practices using proven tools and techniques. Will continuously discover, evaluate and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and improve team performance. Willl work towards understanding new mobile technologies and trends in the eCommerce industry. This will allow you to innovate and propose new ideas for mobile native apps, which if implemented, will drive company value. Hands-on experience in architecting and developing enterprise mobile applications on iOS using native, hybrid and browser based technologies (HTML5, CSS3 and JS), would be an added bonus. Experience with multiple mobile platforms, would be an added bonus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills iOS Developer iOS Iphone Ipad documentation Test Driven Development agile HTML5 CSS3 Desired Candidate Profile Qualification -B.Tech (Information and technology/Computer) Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Cairn Martin One of the world's leading staffing firms. Founded in 1989, the group is privately owned. We continue to remain the partner of choice among top companies providing solutions for end-to-end staffing requirements ranging from top-level management leaders to temp staffing. We also provide strategic analysis and advisory services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details