TITLE: Senior Mgr / Mgr Category - Women's Ethnic Wear - Private Label

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose- The essential purpose of this job is to ensure profitability of the Womens wear category through development of products and services. To understand the component market place so ensuring that value is secured from all sourcing activities. This role is responsible for managing the development of all suppliers and is expected to minimize the inflationary effect of the commodity and provide an ongoing cost down programme and deliver in excess of the planned level of profit, at the same time to seek out and convert new business opportunities for the division that will lead to long term growth. Brief Job Profile- To establish the optimum product mix for each store type To pro-actively seek out and develop new business opportunities for the Category. To ensure that financial plans are developed in line with market trends, balancing risks and opportunities and to develop contingency plans to achieve net margin plan for the Category and maximize profitability while controlling overall stocks at the budgeted norms Sourcing and development of own label with the product strategy, to offer a balance of choice, value, quality, and desirability, to the consumer. To ensure that Category space plans are developed so that the optimum ranges for each size of store are displayed while delivering the required returns per square foot. Vendor Short listing based on consumer requirements along with the concerned Buyer and Merchandiser. Development of subordinate To ensure that the skills of all direct reportees are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realized. Budget To manage Category budgeted expenditure within agreed levels. Position will lead Women's Ethnic Wear. Will have to manage team of buyers and merchandisers. Position will report to Trading Head - Fashion and will be part of Corporate B&M Team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Category Management category delivery vendor management vendor development Category Development Private Label Ethnic Womens Wear Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required NIFT Pass out with minimum 10 years of experience in Category Buying and Category ManagementShould have strong exposure to Women's Ethnic Wear - Private label development.Very good vendor network and willing to take up challenging portfolioShould be willing to travel for the job Company Profile: HYPERCITY RETAIL (INDIA) LTD "HyperCITY Retail (India) Ltd. is part of the K. Raheja Corp. a leader in the Indian retail sector. K Raheja Corp helped create retail boom in India with Shoppers Stop, InOrbit Mall and Crossword apart from their successes in realty and hospitality. HyperCITY is a hypermarket in the true sense and offers its customers a dominating assortment of quality products at great value in a large, modern and exciting format. It also offers other value added services like consumer finance, ATM facility, telecom services, pharmacy, Bakery and Restaurants etc under one roof to make the shopping experience more rich, convenient and complete. HyperCITY launched its first store in Malad, Mumbai, which is spread over 1,20,000 sq ft. HyperCITY offers over 44,000 Products sourced from both local & global markets to choose from & boasts of quality, distinctive, dominant assortment at great value. HyperCITY promises convenience of everything under one roof & International shopping ambience that rivals the best in the world. More than 11 Lakh Customers visit HyperCITY stores every month." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details