TITLE: Software Functional Support Representative

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Software Functional Support Representative having experience 1-2 years in software support, Shipping & Logistics industry knowledge will be prepared. Candidate should be willing to travel Duties and Functions: Deliver service and support to end-users via online, telephone or remote connections. Interact with customers to provide and process information in response quires and requests about software. Gather information and fix the issue by analyzing the symptoms. Follow standard process & procedures using designated tracking software. Identify and escalate priority issues as per Client specification. Follow up and make scheduled call backs to customer where necessary Salary:INR 80,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Software Support application support support executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, Other Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Proper phone and email etiquette. Ability to speak and write clear and accurate English. Computer knowledge. Effective listening skills. Multi-tasking capabilities. Company Profile: Amplitude Software Systems Pvt Ltd Amplitude Software systems is associate company of Jupiter Business Systems FZE. Jupiter Business Systems" is a brain child of the vision holders who are dedicated to cater to the needs of business management challenges employing the power of information technology. Born in Sharjah Air Port Free Zone, UAE we gradually emerged as a recognized solution provider to automate businesses in middle-east and Indian sub-continent. We are well recognized by our flagship product Jupiter Business Manager (JBM) which has enabled many businesses in the region. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details