TITLE: Tele Sales Team Leader | Fintech Start-up

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a startup founded by alumnus of IIM C and MDI Gurgaon. The company operates in the fin-tech domain, helping customers to improve their credit ratings and get access to better financing options and also providing leads and sales enablement services to companies in the BFSI domain. The company is a stable one with a track record of 5 years in which it has helped millions of retail customers improve their credit health and get access to better financing options. The responsibilities of a Tele Sales Team Leader will be as follows : Responsible for driving Sales volumes of the products available with business Build and execute strategies to ensure that the team achieves its account sourcing target within the assigned TAT to ensure growth. Budget Manpower requirement, Facilitate Hiring & Training of the budgeted manpower. Ensure that the sales process meets all the statutory and regulatory requirements as well as the internal compliance norms. Coach and mentor a large team of sales professionals with a view to enhance their effectiveness. Build and execute strategies to drive higher productivity and lower costs across team. Keeping a check on all policy changes, marketing offers and Updation. Keep a high focus on driving high performance from associates, drive profitability metrics, take innovative steps to control costs and drive better ROI. Keeping communication flow of changes to team. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Telesales Tele - Marketing Corporate Sales Sales & Marketing BPO and ITES Outbound Sales Operations Team Handling team lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Experience of managing a team a call center/ BPOÂ Excellent Communication and organizational skillsThe candidate should be passionate, convincing and should have an expertise in handling teams Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a startup founded by alumnus of IIM C and MDI Gurgaon. The company operates in the fin-tech domain, helping customers to improve their credit ratings and get access to better financing options and also providing leads and sales enablement services to companies in the BFSI domain. nnThe company is a stable one with a track record of 5 years in which it has helped millions of retail customers improve their credit health and get access to better financing options. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details