TITLE: Applications Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Web Services Developer is responsible for all aspects of business logic and delivery to the presentation layer - including all project related middle tier technologies. The role requires someone with a solid understanding of web services coding concepts and paradigms as well as the ability/desire to quickly learn new technologies and implement them into production ready deliverables. Passion for bleeding edge technology is a must, as is the willingness to explore and propose interesting solutions to client business problems. Responsible for executing clean and progressively enhanced code for complex designs that reflect the architectural direction provided within the established technical framework. Able to approach development with modularity in mind to accommodate shifting priorities and the challenges associated with rapid prototyping and Agile methodologies. Willing to take the initiative to research and learn emerging technologies that may improve the quality, success, and performance of deliverables. Participate in project planning, write detailed level technical and functional specifications documentation. Works well as a team member within technology and other disciplines (creative, delivery management, etc.) on large projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills documentation java coding development oracle project planning iis hibernate apache maven Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5 years of experience coding in an Enterprise Java environment. 3 years of experience with Web Services, including SOAP and/or REST services using Spring, Hibernate, and/or Jersey frameworks. 3 years of experience with web application server configuration, including Websphere, Tomcat, or Apache IIS. 3 years of experience with relational databases, including Oracle, Sybase, or SQLServer. A solid grasp of OO principles and design patterns. Experience using testing strategies such as TDD, including knowledge of JUnit and Mockito. Experience using continuous integration tools, including Maven and Jenkins. Experience managing assignments effectively, multi-tasking, and working within tight deadlines. Strong client-service orientation and experience working in a fast paced setting. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details