TITLE: Relationship Executive- Key Existing Accounts

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Handle day-to-day team operations of the clients by co-ordination between various internal departments. Ensuring achievement of sales targets & exploring merchant potential to increase business. Absorb training & development of new techniques and methods to achieve sales targets. Initiating structures and briefs for new business opportunities within the existing clientele. Making client visits in a timely and proactive manner such that we gauge merchant sentiments, get latest market intelligence thereby increase entry barrier for competition. Keep a track on integration projects of merchant and ensure that they meet business requirements and goals. Identify and resolve the technical/ operational issues of TG merchants. Willingness to work under pressure and extended hours if required. Ability to interact well with the Merchant to build and nurture their relationship with CCAvenue. Networking with the existing merchant relationships so as to increase business and acquire new business. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Customer Relationship Management Key Accounts Management Key Account Handling Troubleshooting programming knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Qualifications/Competencies Candidates with experience in IT Marketing preferably of software products Attitude should be groomed to drive for results, innovativeness, process orientation, analytical thinking and good interpersonal skills Excellent command over written and spoken English / presentation and marketing skills is a must. Experience in e-commerce OR payment systems are a plus. Any Graduate in Computer Science (BSC IT/CS, BCA etc.) (willing to get into marketing) BMS/MBA or equivalent diploma holders with additional IT qualifications.Technical Skill Set Requirement Basic understanding of Programming languages (ASP, JSP,PHP,c# etc.) Good trouble shooting and debugging skills. Knowledge/ Experience in web based and customer side deployment technologies Functional knowledge of banking and billing systems and standards will be a plus point Company Profile: Avenues India Pvt Ltd Avenues is India's biggest integrated eCommerce company whose solutions are used by 85% of India's eCommerce enabled merchants. In existence since 2001, Avenues is a privately held, debt-free and profitable company. In fact, it is one of the few independent companies in this sector who has not taken external funding and has created path breaking solutions that are globally scalable. All of Avenues software solutions are developed in-house and we own the complete IPR on the solutions. CCAvenue, Avenues first solution, is South Asia's largest payment gateway solution powering thousands of eMerchants with real time, multi-currency, multiple payment options online payment processing services. The solution is powered by proprietary technology that integrates transaction processing, advance shopping cart, auction payment collection facility, fraud control, financial reporting and order tracking. CCAvenue is the only complete PG solution in the region that has the unique ability to offer the full spectrum of Internet payment options. For more information, kindly visit our website www.avenues.info Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details