TITLE: General Manager - E-commerce

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description is as follows: Responsible for defining overall strategy and ensuring that it is in line with the companys vision. Ability to analyze, develop, boost, and maintain product listing position based on marketplace, competitor, and customer research. Â Responsible for Implementation of end to end E Commerce solution. Â Managing the P&L responsibilities of Ingram Micros E Commerce business. Â Performing on post-launch sales analytics and developing effective merchandising strategies. Â Understanding of consumer behaviour and online conversion funnel. Â Ensuring customer satisfaction. Responsible for conveying a consistent brand image that attracts customers. Managing inventory and establishing control to ensure Ingram Micro is operating at the highest level of performance based on the key performance matrix. Organizing product promotions and making advertising decisions. Ensuring improved online transaction and working with shipping companies to reduce delivery/transportation costs. Responsible for innovation on the E Commerce platform. Responsible for budget planning, layout of e-commerce, planning teams across the hierarchy and leveraging the existing systems. Coordinating with key information owners to ensure delivery of all internal resources on time. Â Developing and supervising all activities and plans for various e-commerce projects and coordinating with product development team to prepare an effective schedule for projects and ensuring compliance to the same. Â Supervising all product designing and ensuring compliance with all product guidelines and coordinating with Direct Channels and improving all market strategies and incorporating the latest technology in same and provide optimization in product search. Managing all website data to ensure the accuracy of customer postings and recommending any exclusive plans for all key customers to promote e-commerce. Developing and maintaining effective relationships with all web designers, programmers and software developers. Developing a social media strategy and implementing all marketing campaigns and preparing newsletters. Designing and preparing reports for all e-business matrixes for various online platforms and achieving all growth objectives and developing enhancements to direct supply network. Administering and developing an effective website strategy If interested, kindly send your updated CV to us with following details: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Reason for Change: Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Marketing Campaigns Sales Analytics Advertising Promotions Product Development General Manager budget planning website strategy product designing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Leading one leading internet companies Fortune 100 company, with presence across globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details