TITLE: Sr. Manager/ Manager Buying- Mens Casual Wear

SKILLS: Export

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To manage product and pricing strategy with a keen eye on customer needs and future fashion trends Driving sales by ensuring the right product mix by efficient planning and monitoring Gross Margin enrichment through pricing Inventory control through monthly inventory analysis Merchandising Strategy To devise a buy plan post product performance review and inventory turn. Option wise pricing in line with budgeted multiples and pricing strategy with planning team. Order Management Place season buys in line with OTB. Co-ordinate product launch and shipments with HQ Define launch plan at stores Gross Margin Management Product pricing strategy to manage budgeted multiples Optimizing Logistics cost Discount budget management Sell Though Management Though best seller management, planning stock rotation and restricting loss of sale. Partner Management Relationship management with all partners Brand partners, e commerce and third party Product training Product knowledge as per mystery shopping parameters. Product training to stores. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 25,00,000 P.A Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Export , Import , Merchandising Role Category:Production/Merchandising/Business Development Role:Merchandiser Keyskills Buying buyer casual wear buy casual OTB Mens casual Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5-15 years of experience in Fashion Retail in the Buying/Merchandising function Demonstrate strong business understanding with flair for fashion retailing. Self-starter. Exceptional communicator and good at interpersonal skills Company Profile: R2R Consultants Leading Retail Company R2R Consults is one of the fastest growing Human Resources service provider offering a range of innovative HR Solutions backed by efficient systems and processes. R2R Consults is a leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details