TITLE: Credit Manager- Home Loans / Mortgages / LAP

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1). Team Handling 2). Underwriting 3). CAM 4). Loan Sanctioning 5). Interact with the customer in order to determine the loan requirement, purpose of loan, income sources. 6). Verify the documents that have been provided by the customer and request for pending documents through concerned team. 7). Post login of file into the system, conduct verification or initiate for verifications through third party, wherever available as per guidelines received by Head Office. 8). Conduct personal discussion to resolve all queries related to issues identified during verifications. 9). Prepare the proposal document detailing the loan eligibility after analyzing customer data and as per credit guidelines. 10). Approve cases for loan eligibility up to limit that has been assigned and recommend cases to higher authorities as per policy. 11). Generate offer letter for the customer, collect property documents, and initiate technical and legal verification. 12). To participate in the monthly audit and assist the auditors in all queries and take actions for all audit inconsistency in a timely manner. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Credit/Control Executive Keyskills home loan mortgage housing loan home finance home equity HL mortgages LAP loan against property housing finance home loans rural housing affordable housing SME BL business loan working capital Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Array Management Consultants Array Management Consultants, established in 2009, is a powerful recruitment & executive search company. Array specializes in understanding the needs of both clients and candidates. We are connected to our companies Pan India providing the best quality services at every step of their organization. Array is a team of experienced recruitment professionals, who labors through the variables and mundane task associated with the hiring process, thus enabling our clients to focus on their business. Array includes consultants for a wide range of sectors ranging from Engineering, Manufacturing, Information Technology and construction to retail, telecom , finance, banking , and so on. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details