TITLE: Opening for Database Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibility: - Create and manage databases and their related components. Create and maintain indexes. Create, use, and maintain data views. Create and implement triggers. Implement data integrity by using the IDENTITY column property, constraints, defaults, rules, and unique identifiers. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Views triggers stored procedure Performance Tuning indexing database tuning Performance Monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Strong T-SQL ProgrammingExperience in writing queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Performance Tuning.Implement and maintain database security (create and maintain users and roles, assign privileges).Manage transactions and locks to ensure data concurrency and recoverabilityAnalysis and Performance tuning of existing and new code with developers (reviewing stored procedures/views/triggers etc)Indexing /PartitioningShould be familiar with SQL Server 2005/2008/2012Database tuning and performance monitoringDatabase design and implementation Company Profile: Avenues India Pvt Ltd Started in 2001, Avenues is a privately held, debt-free and profitable company. This gives us the freedom to follow our convictions without any external pressure or compulsions. This has given us the opportunity to create many path breaking software solutions that are not only No. 1 in India but they also compete with global majors in the international markets. We are proud to say that these solutions are developed in-house and we own the complete intellectual property rights on these solutions: * CCAvenue, Avenues first solution, is South Asia's largest payment gateway solution powering thousands of eMerchants with real time, multi-currency, multiple payment options online payment processing services. The solution is powered by proprietary technology that integrates transaction processing, advance shopping cart, auction payment collection facility, fraud control, financial reporting and order tracking. CCAvenue is the only complete PG solution in the region that has the unique ability to offer the full spectrum of Internet payment options. * ResAvenue, is a fully hosted, plug-and-play cutting edge reservation engine which allows the hotelier to accept reservations in 15 international languages and accept real time payments in multiple currencies right from their own hotel branded website. With over 1000 hotels using its services, it is the fastest growing hospitality solution in the region. * EventAvenue is a comprehensive web application for event organizers, to create, publish, advertise events and offer real time online registration and booking with real time payments and bar coded badges, right from the organizers own website. It also has an interactive stall map booking facility, which allows the Event organizer to publish his stalls plan online and allows his prospective exhibitors to book the exhibition stall/space in real time. In the past year alone, over 500 events have been powered by EventAvenue. * HotelsAvenue, gives instant room inventory access at over 1,00,000 global hotels to travel agents, online intermediaries and portals. Currently, in addition to hundreds of established travel houses and independent travel agents, over 64,000 ITZ Cash real world Retails Outlets have become Travel Agents overnight by plugging in the HotelsAvenue Solution. By building further on the strong foundations, Avenues will continue to maintain its undisputed leadership position in the years to come. As a team member, this translates into a lucrative, secure and fast-growing career for you. If you are looking for a secure, exciting and fast-growing job that pays well and can assure you a long term career, then this is the right place. Avenues, India's biggest integrated eCommerce company, are looking for high quality professionals to fill in various functional positions to fuel its rapid growth. The Internet sector offers great career opportunities since it is the foundation on which all future businesses will be built on. Avenues is the undisputed leader in this space and offers full time and permanent job opportunities. Avenues' solutions are used by 85% of India's eCommerce companies. You name it; the best retail brands, shopping websites, hotels, travel agents, event management companies and thousands of eCommerce businesses in India; they all rely upon Avenues for their eCommerce needs. At Avenues you will get an unmatched exposure to multiple business models and to financial domains which will lay a strong foundation for a successful career in the Internet industry. We are a 14 year old company driven by a 250+member team that is full of enthusiasm and youthful energy. We love being the No. 1 Company in our business (in all of south Asia!) and we work hard to keep that position intact. Our office is centrally located; it is at a walking distance from the railway station in St. Cruz-West in Mumbai. We offer a lively and friendly work environment where we work as hard as we play. To know more about avenues log onto www.avenues.info Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details