TITLE: Buyer/ Senior Buyer - Menswear Private Label

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose -Â The essential purpose of this job is to Ensure the Men's wear section is achieving its target of sales, labor and productivity while maintaining the customer service standards up to the company norms. Job Profile: In the development of the departmental financial plans and to develop contingency plans that will ensure that the net margin plan can be achieved And Marketing and Design to develop Visual Merchandising promotions in line with theme and product launches Vendor Vendor identification and development Monitor on an ongoing basis delivery prices and quality by the vendor. Conduct the annual review of supplier performance Budgets and margin Ensure that margin on sale plan is achieved within the agreed price strategy. Obtaining Range merchandise after effective negotiation Manage budgeted department expenditure within agreed levels Product Through a detailed and informed awareness of market, competition, consumer and product trends work to develop commercial looks and themes appropriate to the department. Product presentation and packaging & Product development and display norms along with store planning. Regularly update the front-end on key product benefits. Ensure promotional activity throughout the year. Consumer Create structured ranges for each grade and type of stores that will give the best possible choice to the consumer while delivering the required returns per square foot. Development of subordinate Ensure that the skills of all direct reports are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realized. General Integration with internal customers (Retail, Store planning, Visual Merchandisers and Merchandisers) and external customers (consumer). Initiate and develop improvements in buying processes and best practices. Conduct regular training programs and provide updated product information packs for front-end. Position will be responsible for complete Menswear Private Label development, range planning, assortment & vendor development, budgeting,etc Position will report to Category Manager Menswear Location - Corporate Office - Malad Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Sales Range Planning Buying Category Management Buyer Activities Promotions Retail Negotiation Product Development private label Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate with experience in Menswear Private Label product developmentCandidate should have experience in Range Planning, Assortment Development, Vendor ManagementProduct Exposure - Menswear CasualÂ Minimum 5 years of experience Company Profile: HYPERCITY RETAIL (INDIA) LTD "HyperCITY Retail (India) Ltd. is part of the K. Raheja Corp. a leader in the Indian retail sector. K Raheja Corp helped create retail boom in India with Shoppers Stop, InOrbit Mall and Crossword apart from their successes in realty and hospitality. HyperCITY is a hypermarket in the true sense and offers its customers a dominating assortment of quality products at great value in a large, modern and exciting format. It also offers other value added services like consumer finance, ATM facility, telecom services, pharmacy, Bakery and Restaurants etc under one roof to make the shopping experience more rich, convenient and complete. HyperCITY launched its first store in Malad, Mumbai, which is spread over 1,20,000 sq ft. HyperCITY offers over 44,000 Products sourced from both local & global markets to choose from & boasts of quality, distinctive, dominant assortment at great value. HyperCITY promises convenience of everything under one roof & International shopping ambience that rivals the best in the world. More than 11 Lakh Customers visit HyperCITY stores every month." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details