TITLE: Corporate Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Developing New Corporate Customers & Appoint Distributors to widen the market reach and Business Area. Developing New Corporate Customers in given Area, Maintaining and increasing sales of our company's products. Reaching the Targets and Goals set for your Area 2) Planning and implementation of suitable packages and schemes as per market requirement for Establishing, maintaining and expanding our customer base 3) Manage and Maintain the relation with Key Distributors Customers, Servicing the needs of our Distributors, customers and efficient use of existing Customers for new references and sales. 4) Ensuring after sales services and Follow up with Customer for timely payment and Payment Collection 5) Coordination with Customers, CREs, Coordinators, Engineers and different departments related to various works and getting the work done efficiently, Collecting customer feedback and market research. 6) Tacking initiatives for resolving customer issues and providing proper solutions 7) Preparing Quotes, Letters, Confirmations, Contracts etc mailing and communications. 8) Daily/Weekly/Monthly Sales Reports/Daily Work Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A. Incentives are also there depending on the experience Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Payment Collection B2B Selling corporate sales selling enterprise sales selling b2b business to business Corporate Sales corporate sales executive corporate business development executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Minimum 3 years in Institutional/Corporate Business Development. Experience in Vending & Distributor sale Handling Distributors who do business with Institution/Corporate.Person working in Vending Machine Corporate Sales from HUL/Fresh n Honest, Cafe Coffee Day/TATA,Nestle,Godrej etc. and Handling Distribution Network.Graduate with Computer Knowledge and good in Excel, Word and calculations aduate with Computer Knowledge and good in Excel, Word and calculations Company Profile: Truevalue Marketing Services Private Limited Truevalue Marketing Services Private Limited, blending technology with expertise, is an ISO 22000-2500 Certified organization specializes in the production of Vending Machine and Refreshing Drinks. Our Food Safety Management System (FSMS) complies with Local and International Regulatory Requirements. Served under the brand name of "Granules 'n' Beans" (G n B), our products are Ready to Drink Hot And Cold Beverages & Freshly Brewed Teas and Coffees. Consequently, the assortment of advanced vending machines and revitalizing drinks are ideally launched to make your day full of refreshment. Our range of products includes Beverage Vending Machines, Automatic Dispensing Machines, Coffee Premixes, Instant Dairy Whitener, Instant Tea Premixes, Tea Bags, and many more. However, we are identified as one of the most prominent TEA coffee Premixes Manufacturers, based in India. Our products are high on demand in countries such as USA, UK, Canada, UAE, and Nigeria. We supply our Tea Coffee Premixes on PAN India Basis. We Have Installed more than 5000+ Machines across India , having offices at major Metros with 80 distributors across India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details