TITLE: Applications Developer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5 years to 8 years Skills:- JAVA, CIT Role: Java Developer Mandatory Skills: Hands-on Core Java development experience in Java/J2EE and databases, building transaction processing systems Strong object oriented design skills, understanding of architectural and design patterns (factory, MVC, inversion of control, Struts, Spring MVC) Excellent Core Java, version 6 and above Intimately Familiar with web application development technologies such as Java Servlets, REST. Persistence using JDBC and Object relational Mapping. Must understand deployments and management of WARs on Tomcat Familiar with continuous integration tools such as SVN, Jira, Hudson/Jenkins/Teamcity, Fitnesse. Has a good understanding of open source frameworks such as JDBC, Spring, Hibernate etc. Multi-threaded programming Test Driven Development Skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills struts hibernate core java development jquery shell scripting tomcat jdbc design patterns open source Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Desirable Skills: * Business knowledge of financial transactions and compliance * Knowledge of Linux/Unix platform and shell scripting desirable * Familiarity with TLM product of Smart Stream * Experience with building large scale distributed, transaction processing systems is a plus * Source code control software (e.g. Clearcase, subversion). * XML Parsing Exposure * RDBMS experience preferably Sybase ASE including stored procedures * Familiar with client side Java script UI frameworks such jQuery, Angular JS, EXT JS, Backbone Competencies: * Good verbal and written communication skills in dealing within IT and with end users * Ability to work independently or as part of a team and experience in working with global teams Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details