TITLE: Open Walk-in for Freshers ( Pharmacovigilance) @ Quintilesims

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, This is to keep you informed that, QuintilesIMS is hiring for Pharmacovigilance role. Walk-in on 14th and 15th October 2016 from 8:30 AM on-wards. Event Details: Reporting Time-8.30am Venue Details: Quintiles Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. Prestige Technology Park II, Etamin BlockÂ (Building B3), Sarjapur-Marathalli Outer Ring Road, Bangalore 560103 Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Job Location: Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Bangalore POC-Roshini/Anju Job Description: RESPONSIBILITIES To Prioritize and complete the assigned trainings on time. Process Safety data according to applicable regulations, guidelines, Standard Operating procedures (SOPs) and project requirements. To perform Pharmacovigilance activities per project requirement including but not limited to, collecting and tracking incoming Adverse Events(AE)/endpoint information; determining initial/update status of incoming events; database entry; coding AE and Products, writing narratives, Literature related activities.Â Assuming other workflow responsibilities for the assigned project as directed by Operations team member or Manager. Ensure to meet the expected productivity and quality standards Ability to identify quality problems, if any, and bring them to the attention of a senior team member/ mentor. Attend project team meetings and provide feedback to operations manager on any challenges/issues or successes. Perform other duties as assigned. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Good knowledge of medical terminology Strong verbal/written communication skills. Ability to work as a Team Player, contribute and work towards achieving Team goals Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office and web-based applications Self-motivated and flexible Attention to detail and accuracy Ability to follow instructions/guidelines, utilize initiative and work independently Ability to manage competing priorities and deadlines Willingness and aptitude to learn new skills across Safety service lines Strong time management skills Please also share the interview Details with your friends who would like to take up an opportunity with QuintilesÂ Regards, Roshini Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Bio/Pharma Informatics-Associate/Scientist Keyskills Pharmacovigilance case processing drug safety pharmacovigilance Desired Candidate Profile Candidates with good communication skills and Strong subject knowledge Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy, BDS - Dentistry PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy, MDS - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: QuintilesIMS Research India Private Limited. QuintilesIMS's talented professionals across the globe help clients create solutions that drive healthcare forward to advance clinical outcomes and commercial performance. Our employees are passionate about channeling their insights, commercial and scientific depth, and executional expertise to help improve health outcomes for patients around the globe.Ã‚Â Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details