TITLE: Manager - Credit

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Underwrite and approve unsecured & secured loan. Evaluating financial statements, historical trends, projections, management performance, industry, cash flow, capital structure. Enhance the risk management capabilities in the PL, BL, and Loan for the professional. Finance business by managing the consumer credit asset portfolio, manage various risks, implement effective mechanisms to mitigate them and frame guidelines for fraud detection & control as per company policy & leading industry practices. Responsible for all credit related client engagement, deviation approvals and Loan documentation validation support Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Credit Officer Keyskills Mortgage Lap Business Loan Credit Banking Underwriting Client Engagement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Key Skills:Solid Credit UnderstandingStrong industry understanding,Exceptionally strong on Underwriting and SpreadsTechnical Skills : Financial Statement Understanding and Analysis, MS officeSoft Skills :- Fluent Spoken and Written Skills in English, Local language- Adaptable and comfortable working in a start up NBFC environment Company Profile: Tab Capital Pvt Ltd Introduction About the company : Tab Capital Pvt Ltd. TAB Capital Private Limited is operating as a leading Non Deposit Taking, NBFC registered with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and established in the year 1981 under the provision of Companies Act, 1956. TAB Capital aim's at empowering motivated individuals and encourages them to transform their tomorrow. As, one of the pioneering NBFCs, our endeavor is to offer a wide spectrum of finance options that ensures state-of-the art business and allows our clientele to focus on their core priorities. TAB Capital empowers ambitious individuals with personalized finance for expansion of their business, purchase of business related equipments, technology up-gradation, and so on, thereby letting professionals to fulfill their dreams and grow in their business. We act as a catalyst for accelerating and encouraging the pace of industrialization and economic development by offering wide gamut of financial services under one roof. Our Products : * Unsecured loans for professionals * Unsecured business Loans for Start ups * Unsecured Loans for E-commerce vendors * Loan Against Property, * Working Capital Term Loan * Machinery/ Equipment Finance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details