TITLE: Project Coordinator

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities (List major responsibilities, that you have, to achieve the key objectives) Design coordination with Architects Engineering support for Structural & Services (MEP). Finalize Design parameters and Design Built Reports for projects Coordination with Estimation to ensure that what is planned is budgeted. Coordination with Contracts to finalize the Technical Specifications BOQ primarily for Services. Coordination with Liaison and support in terms of drawings required for submission for statutory approvals. Coordination with Project sites for finalization of sample flats. Track schedules along with Planning Department and coordinate with site to tie loose ends. Proper flow of work from one function to the other. Provide technical support to quality team to finalize checklist of new works / activities. Pre-Construction Project Management:-Â Co-ordinating with Architects, Planning, Contracts and Estimation & Consultants for drawings. Reviewing Structural, Plumbing and Fire-Fighting Drawings in co-ordination with Design Basis Report, Architectural Drawings for effective performance of the system and construction ease. Compliance check with Various mandatory permissions. Research of new and innovative products in the market for improvement on the cost, time and quality parameters. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills Project Coordination project co - ordinator construction management NICMAR planning manager project management design coordinator pre - construction project coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KALPATARU LIMITED Kalpataru Group - Built on thoughts For over four decades, Kalpataru Group has led the real estate industry in Mumbai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details