TITLE: Senior Manager, Advertising Partnerships

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position will report to the Director of Programmatic Strategy and be the key liaison for business partners that include publishers, brands, agencies and technology companies. These relationships will be the foundation of growth for our advertising and measurement products. This person will be key in ensuring organization and seamless execution across a range of tasks and responsibilities. Being personable, attention to detail and self-motivation will be key skills needed to succeed and grow in this role. RESPONSIBILITIES Build and maintain senior relationships at emerging tech and mobile companies. Lead the partnership and deal process, managing each step from strategy/planning, pipeline development, prospecting, outreach, terms negotiation, contract drafting and negotiation, and implementation. Manage contract between partners. Research new partners and solutions and stay up to date on the latest technology/mobile industry news. Ability to identify, target, and close appropriate data partnerships across a range of tech companies. REQUIREMENTS Self starter with a positive attitude. Knowledge of the programmatic, mobile, and location ecosystem. 5 years experience within mobile/location/data space. Previous start up experience. Previous business development experience. Previous legal contract experience. Salary:INR 18,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Legal Strategic Planning Negotiation Prospecting Partnerships Strategy Senior Management Contract Drafting Key Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GreeNxt Technology Solutions Private Limited GreeNxt is a leading HR solutions company, working with multinational companies for building great workforce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details