TITLE: PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Candidate must have adequate experience in developing ecommerce and web applications using PHP with MySQL. Must possess strong skills in object oriented programming with hands-on experience in HTML, JavaScript, XML. Basic Customize & develop modules for Opensource Applications like Joomla, Wordpress, Magento and CS-cart.Integrate Shipping and Payment Gatewa.Design database and coordinate the UI design. Interact with the Client. Desired Candidate Profile : Self starter, able to work independently. Able to handle multiple projects. Capable of executing well even in tight schedule. Good English communication skills mandatory. Good Knowledge of Open source Technologies like Joomla, Wordpress, X- Cart, CS-Cart, Magento, etc.Should have worked in projects developed in PHP5, MYSQL5, AJAX, XML and must be strong in OOPS.Exposure to Code Ignitor Framework or any similar PHP Framework will be an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills PHP Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Orysys Technologies Orysys is a company that provides professional customized solutions in web designing and software development. We deliver premium solutions for a wide range of business throughout the India and around the world. We work with a wide range of clients in our endeavor to provide them cost effective and profitable solutions. At Orysys, we have a dedicated and experienced team of computer professionals. Our niche lies in the fact that we thoroughly understand todays technologies to help you accomplish your business goals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details