TITLE: Customer Service/ Help Desk Associate (US Shift)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Includes: 1. Should be customer centric and Good Communication Skills, Verbal and Written 2. Coordinate and manage relationships with Employees and vendors in problem identification and resolution 3. Logging the Ticket system and assign to concern Teams. 4. Work with the technical teams to carry out Service Order maintenance to correct/modify allocations structure in system 5. All assigned service request will be resolve within agreed SLA. Define priority levels and response time of each assigned service request for different customer accordingly. 6. Also ensure that all service requests are logged/ updated in internal application with appropriate resolution comments and make sure satisfactory closer of service request. Minimum Requirements: 1. Ability to adapt quickly to changes in tasks in a fast paced industry. 2. Ability to learn the most basic functions of our proprietary software. 3. Ability to follow directions and work independently with minimal supervision. 4. Should have 1-3 years of experience in Customer Interaction/ Non Voice/ Voice based support 5. Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office is necessary. 6. Should be a graduate. 7. We are supporting US client and working in EST zone (5:30 PM IST to 2:30 AM IST) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills pm customer service functions customer interaction good communication skills be us shift customer centric sla non voice Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Launchship Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Jay shetty has over 15 years of experience in various aspects of software development, Vendor management, strategic and operational planning. His extensive expertise combined with positive attitude, excellent problem solving skills and unparallel understanding of client 's requirement has been the driving force for the team as well as the company. He has been responsible for taking care of the company 's mission and building company 's overall strategy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details