TITLE: Platform Architect - Linux

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Title : Platform Architect - Linux Location : Bangalore Opportunity: The Platform Architect (PA) is responsible for working with TAMs (Technical Account Manager) and Sungards customers in a collaborative and consultative manner to develop, design, document complex IT Solutions such as: Major upgrades, migrations, design review, and consultation on new initiatives and projects. The ideal candidate is skilled in Unix flavors and virtualization technologies, UNIX Systems, Clustering Technologies & Linux Platform Responsibilities: Architecting and validating solution designs for Sungards clients Being the single point of ownership for the customer solution during transition and lifecycle. Providing technical leadership to TAMs and Sungard customers. o The PA will work with TAM and customer engagements in a collaborative manner. o The PA will provide the deep technical resources on the engagement. Develop customer facing architecture documents and execution strategy documentation. Creating and presenting presentations to the customer and assisting the TAM in creating and presenting presentations as well. Provide sanity checks of customers designs. Provide thought leadership in the areas you specialize in. This diverse and technically talented team of Platform Architects consists of experts across Multiple Platforms, Operating Systems, Storage Configurations, Backup Technologies, and Network Topologies and Protocols.Â Â Requirements:Â Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related technology discipline preferred, or equivalent experience Extensive experience with Oracle/Sun Solaris (9, 10 and 11) required. Extensive experience with UNIX platform like IBM AIX (5.3, 6.1 & 7.1) or HP-UX (11.23 & 11.31) Must have experience in Linux Platform should have extensive experience in Linux Platform in Production Support and Managing Large Infrastructure. Should have expertise in at least one of the clustering technology i.e HACMP, VCS & Redhat Cluster Suite Experience supporting UNIX & Linux systems hosted in a Physical, logical and virtual environment. Experience with Solaris Zones, LDOMs, containers, ZFS & AIX LPAR, VIOs & WPAR concepts Experience and troubleshooting knowledge on Volume managers such as VERITAS and Solaris (SVM) Experience on OS recovery strategy such as Flar, mksysb restore or ignite backup, wan-boot, zone management, LDOMs, IPMP hands-on experience on Disaster recovery scenario Adheres to project scope as described by disaster recovery management Handle the pressure and troubleshoot the DR situation with multiple team Creates/maintains DR Plan using industry standard Recovery Procedure Document Updates plans and solutions to ensure they reflect the ongoing evolution of our clients capabilities and their recoverability. Maintains all emergency and recovery procedural documentation. Advanced knowledge Multi-Tier Application architecture design o Skilled at gather requirements for Solution Design Strong written skills to produce technical documentation is a MUST o Skilled in Visio, MS Word & PowerPoint Ability to lead technical working sessions o Comfortable running workshops and presenting to customers Working knowledge of network and systems design principles including routers, switches, firewalls and load balancers Fluent in ITIL v3, particularly in the areas of Release management, Change management, and Configuration Management, Incident Management & Problem Management. Preferred Qualities:Â Working knowledge of UNIX related enterprise applications such as, SQL, Oracle, etc. Working Knowledge of Backup technologies at the OS level Working knowledge of SAN storage and the various ways it integrates with UNIX Specific knowledge of Applications and Best Practices Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills UNIX LINUX redhat redhat linux Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: Sungard Availability Services (India) Pvt. Ltd SunGard IT Availability (India) Private Limited SunGard IT Availability (India) Private Limited SunGard IT Availability (India) Private Limited Sungard Availability Services (India) Private Limited Our Vision is to be the IT solutions provider of choice to ensure the availability of our customers' business operations. Do you want to make a difference in one of the world's leading IT services companies? Sungard Availability Services offers careers that combine the independence of working in a small entrepreneurial environment with the depth of resources of a Fortune 500 technology company. At Sungard Availability Services, we provide operations support to organizations that need to ensure business viability by keeping mission critical information and applications up and running. With the recent launch of our Enterprise Cloud Services, Sungard continues to invest in new technologies to stay in the foreground of technology innovations that solve business challenges. Unlike other companies that offer individual technology services, Sungard Availability Services is focused on providing responsive and integrated disaster recovery, managed services, IT consulting and business continuity management software solutions, to help organizations keep critical technology and applications available. Sungard's Managed Recovery Program provides focused resources with specialized capabilities that provide value to our customers by managing and providing continuous improvements to their Business Continuity and Recovery operations. During a recovery or declared disaster, customers are able to focus their attention and resources to business, facilities and personnel issues on their location/s affected by the disaster. Based on an ITIL operating foundation and industry backup and recovery Best Practices, SunGard's Managed Recovery team will lead, manage and execute the customer's recovery plan to restore the systems and business applications. This leads to a more expedient return to normal operations for the customer, while ensuring that the continuity of business operations continues. ATOT/ATOD the customer is able to focus on synchronization, application validation and end-user verification. For more information, see www.sungardas.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details