TITLE: Intern

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RMS - PI 2016: Model Development Intern (Global Catastrophe Models) PI 2016: Model Development Intern (Global Catastrophe Models) Intern Location (India/ UK/ NJ/ CA) : The selected intern would work upon Global Catastrophe Models pioneered by RMS. The intern would get the opportunity to demonstrate his/ her analytical and engineering skills while contributing in developing exposures for earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods for different geographies across the globe. Particular skills in numerical/ statistical analysis, computing, databases etc. would add value. &; Study and learn frequent and probable sources of data from previous developments &; Visit and download data from required websites. If needed, carry out correspondence with relevant agencies asking for data. &; Note vintage and resolution of collected data and if possible maintain consistency. &; Format and prepare collected data for analysis. &; Fill the gaps found by collecting additional data. &; Perform regression analysis, interpolation, extrapolation, or projection of data as required. &; Prepare slides of the analysis results which may include but not limited to pie charts, bar charts, histograms, cluster plots, CDF, or PDF. &; Report and present analysis results to exposure modeler. &; Study and understand folder structures, directories, file locations and versioning. &; Prepare datasets, workbooks, databases and arrange for regular backup of data. &; Maintain research directory by source and vintage of collected information and data. &; Create a comprehensive and detailed backup for all the old projects with a write up. &; Prepare a write- upsupport file for description of the projects in the respective folder. The RMS Pinnacle Internship (PI) program will be held during the summer of 2016. The start date is June 6th and will run between 10- 12 weeks (depending on academic schedule) . Founded in 1989 as a spinoff of research done at Stanford University, today RMS is the world leader in catastrophe risk modeling. From earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods to terrorism, longevity, and infectious diseases, our models provide critical risk management solutions to financial institutions around the world. Based in our Silicon Valley headquarters and with offices throughout North America, Europe, and Asia, our team of more than 950 professionals may be larger than it used to be, but were still as ambitious and innovative as ever. Whether quantifying risks due to climate change, simulating how medical breakthroughs could extend life expectancy, delivering supercomputing in the cloud, or transforming an industry with our next generation technology platform, our passion is innovation driven by the courage to tackle problems others reject as unsolvable. RMS is proud to be an equal opportunity employer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details