TITLE: Deputy General Manager Marketing - Delhi

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. To manage and grow companys business in Tyre and Non tyre sector in both international as well as domestic market.Â 2. To manage technical sales - explaining and expanding the usage of the product and addressing technical concerns of the customers. 3. To initiate joint technical projects with customers and help Company develop customized solutions for the customers. 4. To grow sales profitability by focusing on developing customized solutions for the customers. 5. To formulate business plans and execute the same as per the laid down sales strategy. 6. To formulate yearly budgets and ensure that these budgets are met. 7. To ensure sales profitability. 8. To negotiate sales contracts with the key customers. 9. Ensure efficient and effective client management. Establish and maintain good personal rapport with the major account holders. 10. To prepare MIS reports for the top management. 11. To ensure timely fulfillment of orders and keep a tab on the market developments including gathering market Intelligence on competitor activities. . 12. Interact closely with the plant to ensure the right product mix availability. Required Skills: Good planning and organizing skill. Excellent leadership skills Problem solving and decision making skills. Self-Confident and Team work spirit. Excellent inter-personal skills with positive attitude. Strong negotiation skills. Excellent Communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Technical Sales Marketing Sales Strategy Market Intelligence Major Profitability Negotiation Skills Planning Top Management Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Chemical, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Oriental Carbon and Chemical Ltd. LARGE CHEMICAL INDUSTRY, MANUFACTURING OF SPECIALITY RUBBER CHEMICALS AND OTHER BULK CHEMICALS. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details