TITLE: HP Om/omi Technical Resource Required @ Mumbai, Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Valsatech Software. We are a Recruitment company serving for IT and ITES companies across India. Currently we are looking for HP OM/OMi tools Technical Professional Position Type: 1 Year Contract Job Location: Bangalore, Mumbai Pay Roll Company: Valsatech Software India Pvt Ltd Job Description: * OMi 10.0+ with skills on RTSM, service modelling and integrations * At least 4-5 year of working knowledge of OMi version 10 or above * Experience administration of OMi including RTSM administration, service modeling, TBEC, groovy scripting etc. * Experience on OMi integration with external 3rd party tools using BSM connectors Must have: * Deep knowledge of OMi and RTSM product functionality * Deep knowledge of uCMDB and OMi integrations * Experience in OMi distributed and load balanced setup and configurations * Integration with NNMi, BSM and ensure data consistency between product. * Good understanding of information and important field values exchanged between various integrations with SNOW, uCMDB, OMi etc. * Create and maintain Business Service/application CI Models in RTSM and create views for these models. * Write TQL queries specific to business requirements. * Good understanding of HI, KPIs and impact modeling. * Experience in OMi integration with external 3rd party tools using BSM connectors such as vCenter, Dynatrace, Cisco Prime, NimSoft etc. This is a Contract position on Valsatech Software India Pay roll for the Period of 1 Year (The Contract is Extendable based on the requirement of client). If your profile meets the required skills please share your updated resume to omprakash@valsatechcorp.com Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HP OMi HP OM Administration Integration Configuration BSM NNMi Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Valsatech Corp We are a Recruitment company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details