TITLE: National Sales Head

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developing and implementing sales strategies for increase of market share and profitability on sustainable basis in line with Annual Business Plan (ABP). - Evaluating information related to sales, promotions, competition and market research. - Managing budgets and new implementations. - To direct the Sales team and establish sales targets Product Category Wise & SKU Wise as per ABP, help them in breaking the same geographically, monthly, weekly & daily targets. - To motivate & direct Sales team to establish coverage, distribution and display objectives to meet sales targets. - To plan and implement local sales promotion in consultation with marketing. - To analyze stock movement/availability - Help Management in developing long term pricing strategy to maximize variable margin through product/ territory/ pack mix decisions. - Regularly have commercial review with Commercial Manager for profitability and working capital including debtors. - Have a clear focus on new channels to build Distribution, Visibility and volumes. - Work out a training calendar for all players in the Sales Organization and implement the same. - Work towards reduction in cost with optimum quality of product development To achieve Turnover & Profit targets - Increase of Market Share - Recruit, Develop & retain quality manpower - Implement sales & market development systems Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills National Sales Marketing Promotions Sales Promotion Direct Sales Sales Strategy Distribution Market Research Business Planning Profitability Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zonac Knitting Machines Private Limited (A) Zonac Knitting Machines Pvt. Ltd.(Bonjour) is a 25 year old manufacturing and exporters of Hosiery Readymade Garments ( Socks, Handkerchiefs, Stockings, Tights, Leggings). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details