TITLE: Senior Manager - Legal - UA 1106

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Contract type - Permanent Key Responsibilities: Reporting into Head of Legal, provide support for day to day legal needs of FIL companies in India. Work internally with counterparts and other support functions, including in other location(s), such as Finance, Tax, Human Resources, Procurement, Corporate Services, Compliance, Risk and Security to insure appropriate delivery of integrated services. Develop and administer template commercial contracts. Review exceptions to template documents as needed. Review non-template contracts as needed. Assist with Employment Law needs, such as legal work with respect to employee documents, policies, labor law compliances, compensation and benefit programs and plans. Develop and/or review inter-company transfer pricing contracts as needed and coordinate finalization. Attend to or oversee compliance with corporate requirements. Maintain statutory records and ensure compliance as per the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws such as Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, Export-Import policy, etc. May perform the role of Company Secretary by preparing or supervising the notice/agenda/ minutes/ resolutions for Board of Directors and AGM/EGMs. Assist with litigation needs, including arbitrations and court actions. Proactively review, analyze and communicate any change in local law or regulations that may have implications for relevant stakeholders. Assist in overseeing compliance with other laws and regulations impacting FILs India business, such as STPI, SEZ, DoT, SEBI, CSR and other specialized regulatory schemes, including filing regulatory applications and obtaining regulatory approvals as required by the business units. Assist in the management of FIL intellectual property protection in India as needed, including licensing, trademarks, trade names, copyrights and patents and coordination with relevant stakeholders. As needed, assist with matters relating to employee benefit trusts If required, travel to other FIL locations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Legal Manager Keyskills Legal SEBI Secretarial Activities Company Secretary Litigation Commercial Contracts Administration Agm Compliance HR Legal Compliance Legal Documentation Legal management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: LLB - Law PG:CS Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Experience and Qualifications Required: Ideal candidate must have an LLB degree with 8-10 years of experience either in a tier 1 national corporate law firm in India or at least 5-7 years in a tier 1 law firm followed by in-house experience in a multinational company or a diversified domestic company Must have common sense approach to legal issues Ability to independently manage issues Must have sound legal knowledge Company Secretary qualification is preferable but not a must Prior experience in IT/ITES set up or assisting start-ups will be an added advantage Strong professional, capable of working with senior staff in FILs Indian leadership teams and with other FIL entities Strong oral and written communication skills; excellent judgment; business sense; high standards of ethics, honesty and integrity Cross-border/international experience would be desirable but not essential. Company Profile: FIL India Business Services Pvt. Ltd FIL India Business Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details