TITLE: Reg Records Specialist II

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Oversees daily work flow of staff and assists with monitoring productivity and quality of department outputs functions. Creates and maintains the document repository, scanning, and indexing for all site- related documents. Receives, inventories, routes, and maintains applicable project documents (e.g., Case Report Forms (CRFs) , Data Clarification Forms (DCFs) , data management files, clinical documents, and clinical files as well as project specific regulatory documents) . Ensures the security and compliance of all documents related to active and archived projects. Ensures that all project documents are maintained in accordance with relevant Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) / Work Instructions (WIs) . Responds promptly to each request received for a project document or project file, ensures timely and appropriate delivery, and timely and accurate re- files all project documents and project files. Ensures that all applicable paperwork is completed upon release and return of each project document and/ or project file from the Document Control Room/ Trial Master File Room. Upon site closure, prepares subject files, prepares inventories, and reconciles files to listings provided by clients/ Lead Data Manager/ Project Team Lead; ships files to client and or off- site storage. Controls access to the Document Control Room/ Trial Master File Room according to applicable SOPs/ WIs. Responsible for maintenance of the physical space in the Document Control work area/ Trial Master File work area, including setting up project file structure for each project and restricting access to project files. Participates in project specific training as required. Qualifications Requirements: High school education or equivalent. Some experience in a clinical trials environment preferred. Strong knowledge of all applicable regulations and guidelines with respect to regulatory documents and familiarity with medical terminology. Strong verbal, written, and organizational skills with a team- oriented approach. Ability to handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines in a dynamic environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: INC Research INC Research Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details