TITLE: Manager - Design

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities 1. Design and development of new products with the understanding of customer and business need. 2. Concept development to finalization of concept with prototype. 3. Industrial design inputs for customized products design. 4. Industrial design inputs for modification and enhancement of existing products Job Description 1. Design and development of new products and enhancement of existing products as per NPI plan. 2. User & market study for need identification and redefining of marketing brief. 3. Concept generation based on the user & marketing requirement. 4. Evaluation and detailing of concept. 5. Prototyping of concept for final approval. 6. Preparation of design communication document 7. Industrial design inputs for modification and enhancement of existing products 8. Understanding of enhancement required based on need finding and product gap. 9. Define and create concepts for customized product development based on the specific requirement of the customer Qualification Details Essential Qualification: Post Graduate Qualification in Design OR Degree in Design Preferred Qualification: Post Graduate in Design with specialisation in Furniture Experience Details Essential Experience: 1 Years of work experience for Post Graduate in Design OR 5 years for Degree in Design Preferred Experience: - Special Skill Essential : - Creativity, good sense of aesthetics. - Understanding and practicing of design and development methodology. - Analyzing and interpreting the observations & findings from user / market study. - Skill for visualization. - Proficiency in 3D modeling & rendering software. Preferred : - Communication and presentation skills. - Ability to work in team & ability to build on others idea. - Knowledge on materials and processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Godrej Industries Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details