TITLE: Manager/ Assistant Manager- Performance Management

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. To implement and monitor performance management system across the group 2. Execute timely completion of quarterly and annual reviews and goal setting across Service Lines 3. To train and support Reporting Managers in performance reviews and formulation of smart goals. 4. Come up with innovative ideas and suggestions to continuously improvise on the current programs 5. Monitor, track and execute reward programs with practice and service line heads 6. Continuously update various compensation programs, initiatives, and services 7. Maintain budgets and trackers for various reward categories 8. To ensure timely completion of goal setting of new hires 9. Manage the Rewards and Recognition Program 10. Ensure distribution and record of reward winners Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Performance Management Manager Keyskills Training Compensation Recognition Rewards Performance Management System Hiring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 4-6 years of relevant functional experience MBA from a Premier Institution with a specialization in Human Resources Outstanding communication and presentation skills High level of interpersonal skills and integrity; solid team player Ability to influence senior management, establish and maintain collaborative partnerships and provide thought leadership Company Profile: TO THE NEW Digital TO THE NEW Digital is a new-age, premium digital services company that is at the forefront of exploding digital landscape. TO THE NEW Digital conceives, creates and manages digital solutions and platforms for businesses across the globe through its 4 Services : Technology , Analytic, Digital Marketing and Content Our passionate team of over 600 people includes technology evangelists, social media experts, content specialists and creative mavericks who have transformed businesses of more than 300 companies spread across 30 countries worldwide In Technology, we conceive and develop business-critical applications for web, mobile and cloud platforms using razor edge technologies including Grails, MEAN, Adobe Marketing Cloud and AWS. We are a people centric company with a lot of emphasis on knowledge sharing, learning, training and development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details