TITLE: Test Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Test Analyst Job Description Position : 1 To work with the Testing team to assist with the preparation of test plans and the testing of software to company guidelines and standards. Duties and Responsibilities To assist in the preparation of test plans and test scripts. To ensure high quality and accuracy is maintained through to software release. To prepare and maintain test plans for use on automated testing tools. To prepare a test plan and test scripts to test each software component and demonstrate the business condition under test and the expected results. To provide feedback to the development team and ensure the work is carried out in accordance with the schedule and the quality requirements. To provide estimates and feedback to the Software Development Manager for project scheduling purposes. Test documentation is in place for each project being developed. All software tested meets a pre- defined acceptable standard, within the resources available. A stable test environment is established and maintained. Suitable documentation is produced and maintained and a quarterly report of summarized feedback is produced. Development project meetings attended and scope understood creating the ability to give realistic timescales for systems testing. Ideas/ suggestions put forward to testing team leader. All problem issues communicated effectively. Skills / Attributes Required Thorough knowledge of structured test methods and processes. Proven experience of testing complex user interfaces. Detailed knowledge of both Manual and Automated Testing. Experience of testing using an automated test tool such as QA Run or Win runner. Experience of testing Windows Software Applications / Database applications produced using VB, C#, SQL Server. A commitment to quality and a thorough approach to work KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE What skills, qualifications and experience Minimum of three years experience as a systems tester. Minimum of two years experience writing formal test documentation. Certificate in Software Testing (from renamed institute) Minimum of one years detailed knowledge of IBO working practices. Sound knowledge and experience of IT systems. Ability to use technical data manipulation techniques including the use of SQL. Excellent analytical skills. Excellent problem solving skills and a proven ability to use own initiative. Excellent communication and organizational skills are necessary for full and effective performance Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MTech India Pvt. Limited MTech India Pvt. Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details