TITLE: Accounts Executive - Immediate Requirement

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Prepare Customer Service Agreements & Work Orders ; Posts customer payments by recording cheques, and Online Bank transactions. Posts revenues by verifying the records, PO/ Work Orders and Master Agreements. Updates transactions in Tally ERP 9. Communicate with the Business Team on any information required for the Invoices. Ability to understand and work on accounting of Cross border & Multinational transactions. Prepare Customer Reconciliation Statements. Prepare an Outstanding Statement and Aging Report on a weekly basis. Follow up with the Customers for the receipt of the Outstanding on a regular basis. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities. Accomplishes accounting and organization mission by completing related results as needed. Good Communication and interpersonal skills. Educational Qualification: Bachelor of Commerce. Certification in Tally will be an added advantage. Work Experience : Minimum of 1 Year Relevant Work Experience. Working in a CA/CS/ICWA office is an added advantage. Work experience in MS Office, Tally is a must. Address: Brigade MLR, 2nd Floor 50, Vanivilas Rd, Gandhi Bazaar, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560004 9900075509 Landmark: Opposite to National College, Next to HP Petrol Bunk Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills Accounting ICWA Ca Tally ERP Receipt Reconciliation MS Office Payments Commerce Banking Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:Post Graduation Not Required, ICWA (CMA), M.Com - Commerce Company Profile: Test Yantra Software Solutions (India) Private Limited We @ Test Yantra provide outsourced software testing services to organizations worldwide. We understand the needs & agility requirements of businesses and empower them by efficiently implementing the tool of outsourcing to provide a competitive edge and a sustained value-addition. Test Yantra started off with a novel approach to deliver the best services to its customers and with a desire to give businesses a new dimension to be ahead in the competitive world. Being successful in our business, we now offer our enhanced IT services to the global clients. We partner with them to conceptualize and realize technology driven business transformation initiatives. We understand the client's needs; deliver our services at the pace they want, at right value with more focus on the quality. Test Yantra's range of IT Services addresses the needs of both technology and business requirements to help organizations leverage leading-edge technologies for business improvement 2007Founded , 700 +Associates Worldwide,130 +Global Customer includes by players of fortune, 150 +Successfully Executed Projects, 3+2 Indian & Global Delivery Centers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details