TITLE: Lead - Quality Assurance Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Lead and manage the testing specialists in executing required testing conducted in Systems Assurance Test. Work with MSF test leads to develop test strategies for their projects and use SQA resources for mentoring the testing process. Interface with AD and BST organization on managing the testing demands from strategic projects and quarterly releases against available testing resources.. Responsibilities include: - Interface with AD management, MSF Test team leads and BST management to plan and coordinate the required AD testing across systems to assure critical applications are delivered to UAT with no critical defects. - Manage testing workload against testing requirements. - Monitor testing activity and conduct test result reviews. - Develop testing strategies and test plans. - Define critical areas of what to test during system testing and perform risk assessment. - Report System Assurance Testing status to management on defects by application. - Manage the entry and exit of projects into and out of System Assurance test. - Establish good working relationship with MSF product managers, AD, BST and SQA staff. - Work with AD and BST managers to plan testing skill and test tools usage improvement. - Develop Testing specialists in their testing knowledge and skills. - Effective management of test environment and resources to reduce testing bottlenecks in getting projects to User Acceptance test (UAT). - Work with AD and BST staff to identify continuous improvement with Excellus. - Assure that SQA testing guidelines are followed by AD and BST. - Maintain a leading edge in knowledge of testing tools and techniques. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills User Acceptance Testing Quality Assurance Engineering System Testing Continuous Improvement Testing Tools Risk Assessment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum Qualifications:- Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or equivalent combination of education and experience.- A minimum of 12+ years- experience in IT with 2+ years in a testing leadership role.- Expertise in testing one or more environments for mainframe, distributed or open systems applications.- Project planning and project management experience.- Leadership role in managing large and multiple project testing efforts.- Experience in development of test plans, test cases, test scripts.- Experience in using one or more vendor software testing tools.- General knowledge of Excellus applications is helpful.- Ability to work effectively with other organizations.- Can work independently and in a test team setting.Good communications and documentation skills required. Company Profile: Career Infosystems Leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details