TITLE: Sr. Manager / Manager - Contracts & Billing

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 01.Preparing and Responsible for maintaining records of ongoing contracts and contractual documentation. 02. Implementation of procedures set by management on contracting process. 03. Responsible for Keeping track of subcontracting and contracting tasks in form of MIS on monthly basis. 04. Responsible for handling on going issues on contracts compliance issues during submission of RA & final bills by contractors through site billing team. 05. Pre and post award stage documentation and record keeping of the same. 06. Overall Track of Certified quantity w.r.t project quantity in various contracts awarded. 07. Checking of all R/A bills w.r.t last certified bills. 08. To ensure bills are certified in live with contractual provisions. 09. Follow up with site billing engineer for early processing of bills. 10. Random physical checking of bills at site as & when required and take suitable action/guidance to site team. 11. To ensure recovery from bills for rework / faulty work by contractors, after doing due deligence, duly accepted by contractors on records. 12. Keeping check on recovery of advances, reconciliation of client supplied materials. 13. Checking payment advice prepared from site billing team. 14. Getting the bill authorized from HOD. 15. MIS for billing cycle on Monthly basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills Contract Management Billing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, Civil, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Orris Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. Orris is driven by passion, commitment, quality and a relentless pursuit of perfection. In its endeavor to offer quality life, Orris has diversified into Real Estate, Energy, Hospitality, Golf and Education. With Corporate Social Responsibility embedded in the DNA, Orris is guided by a strong vision and the competency to achieve excellence beyond the expectations of its customers. This, Orris believes, will build the India of the future. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details