TITLE: Manager/ Assistant Manager - Sales - B2B/ Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opening in our marketing vertical for Manager /Assistant Manager -Sales (B2B /Corporate Sales). Roles and responsibilities for said position are mentioned below. Education and Experience : - B.E /MBA from reputed institute with 2-8 years of corporate/government sales. - Experience in concept selling, Telecom, Office Automation, IT or AV industry with exceptionally good communication and presentation skills and confidence and verve to engage C-level customers in a business conversation. Key Responsibilities : - Candidate will be required to generate revenue through existing and new business in a designated territory and / or targeted industries through personal effort. The role requires the candidate to : - Use multiple prospecting methods to generate leads, set up sales meetings and pitch appropriate solution-offerings to prospects. Anchor proposal preparation activity, and work closely with presales and delivery managers in identifying appropriate solution for the prospects. - Possess knowledge of target market segment and business trends there in. - Build successful and scalable relationships with C-Level audience in prospect organizations. - Work with minimum supervision - The role requires a highly self-motivated and enthusiastic professional with good effective communication skills - Meeting with top management/decision makers and giving presentation (B2B) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Marketing Concept Selling Government Sales B2B Sales Management Revenue Generation Lead Generation Sales Manager Corporate Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Business Octane Business Octane has brought out multiple technological innovations which are all set to take the world by storm, in the domains of Immersive Video Collaboration and Immersive Video Collaborative Learning solutions. These solutions have changed the face of communication within organizations. These solutions have enabled them to keep the entire organization galvanized, take decisions faster yet with reduced risk and invest more of their time (which is absolutely priceless) in work than travel to be able to make a bigger difference to the business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details