TITLE: Value CT Global Product Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Global Product/Service Marketing is making better bets aligning market insights with technology trends to assist Product Management. Optimize commercial execution though development of marketing & launch plans with Regional Marketing. Identify & develop opportunities for growth & market share gain. Create global portfolio strategy with product positioning & current portfolio. Identifies programs to enhance customer loyalty & installed base retention. Provide input to the solutions roadmap. Essential Responsibilities Performing clinical and industry trend analysis, market share and competitive analysis and win/loss tracking to identify product/service and commercial strategies for growth. Hiring, directly supervising, compensating and developing effectively a team of professional marketers Quantifying and prioritizing market opportunity. Collecting and prioritizing product introduction and improvement recommendations and analyzing competitive landscape. Identifying budget requirements to insure proper execution Orchestrating research to assess market and customer environments and to discover unmet needs, buying cycles and personas. Identifying customers clinical and economic needs, values and desired benefits. Building a global market requirements document that prioritizes customer segments and business opportunities. Identifying and assessing market and distribution risks, and developing a plan to mitigate those risks. Working with Region Product/Service Marketing, Product Management, Engineering and Global Design to provide input to the product development roadmap and to develop, test and prototype new product ideas. Working with Region Product/Service Marketing to perform installed base analysis in order to define programs needed to improve customer loyalty, share of wallet and retention. Collaborating with Product Management to include these programs on product/service roadmaps. Developing a plan and budget for evidence generation to support selected NPIs/NSIs and installed base products. Developing inputs to support business case for NPI/NSI (incl. target pricing) and product/service positioning Defining brand (naming & trademarks), value proposition(s), and competitive positioning claims roadmap for new and existing products. Interviewing professional societies and advocacy groups to identify and select KOLs for thought leadership and awareness building. Supporting development of regional KOLs in collaboration with Regional Product/Service Marketing. Building and executing global launch plan, including value proposition, segmentation / positioning, target pricing, awareness & advocacy strategies, channel strategy and sales enablement (in coordination with Regional Product Marketing). Coordinating development of marketing assets and training materials (in cooperation with Marketing Services). Developing programs that improve the customer experience of the installed base in support of installed base retention. Utilizing Gold Standard marketing practices and skills to develop a global marketing plan (portfolio management, marketing strategy, customer segmentation and targeting, positioning and value proposition development, message and market assets development, etc.) to grow global orders and share alternatively, to support annual business objectives). Ensures regional marketing plans are aligned with the global marketing plan and collaborates with regional marketing on selecting the appropriate marketing mix. Collaborating with Advertising & Promotion and Communications to develop a communications plan in support of the marketing objective. Developing and managing budget needed to execute marketing plan, and ensure timely implementation of programs in marketing plan Quality Specific Goals: 1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position 2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines 3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required 4. Responsible for ensuring legal and regulatory approval of all marketing communications prior to external release Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Sales Product Marketing Product Management Advertising Marketing Communication Product Positioning Marketing Strategy Global Marketing Service Marketing Competitive Analysis Product Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements 1. Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Business Administration or related field2. 8+ years experience in marketing, product marketing or related field3. Prior experience in a leadership role with direct reports (may not be required in all cases)4. Indirect leadership experience in a cross-functional or highly matrixed organization5. Experience having owned/shaped/led growth vision and marketing strategy6. Proven stellar oral and written communications skills7. Demonstrated analytical and process skillsDesired Characteristics 1. MBA or Masters degree in Marketing, Business Administration or related field2. 10+ years experience in marketing, product marketing or related field3. Deep marketing expertise in market & customer insights, product commercialization and branding4. Healthcare product/industry acumen5. Experience in (enter segment or care area here)6. Experience managing a global brand7. Innovation develop new ideas through collaboration and execute on creative ideas8. Team oriented ability to motivate and work well with diverse, global and cross-functional teams9. Influencing skills ability to motivate individuals and demonstrate organizational influence Education- UG: B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details