TITLE: Devops Engineer - Linux/ AWS

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Specifications: Role: Deployment Engineer Location: Gurgaon Experience : 5 - 8 years Responsibilities : - Develop and maintain automated deployment systems. - Recommend process improvements to ensure system scalability and reliability. - Assist in developing and implementation of deployment plan. - Work with IT and QA teams to deploy and troubleshoot the system applications. - Develop deployment support documentations for customers. - Work with the management to develop deployment specifications and configurations. - Assist in new system development and enhancements. - Attend trainings related to company's deployment procedures and standards. - Analyze and troubleshoot deployment issues in a timely manner. - Act as primary customer contact for deployment related inquiries and issues. - Leading and paving the way for us in large scale automation deployments - Designing and implementing scalable systems that keep our backend infrastructures running smoothly - Ensuring best practices relating to security, performance and monitoring Skills Required : - Experience in automating large scale developments with deployment management systems: Puppet, Chef, CFEngine, Capistrano or a similar system - Experience carrying out monitoring and performance metrics analysis using one of the following tools: Hyperic, Nagios, Cacti, Munin, Ganglia or a similar program - AWS/EC2 experience - Must have Linux experience (preferably Ubuntu, Red Hat or CentOS) - Apache Tomcat and HTTP Server experience - Good understanding of Java deployment - Working knowledge of relational databases using Oracle or MySQL Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Apache Tomcat Cacti Linux MySQL NAGIOS Ubuntu Centos Oracle Scalability Java Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Ascent iQ staffing business solution Leading client of Ascent iQ staffing business solution Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details