TITLE: Assistant Product Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Product conceptualization, product roadmaps & strategies, product vision, incorporating best Web practices into the websites, mobile platforms (WAP / Android / ios / Windows) , managing product launches, SEO (Search Engine Optimization) implementation and continuous enhancement of the product. Job Description Experience in E Commerce industry As a Product Manager, your responsibilities will include gathering requirements, helping define a product vision and strategy. Execution of website, community, app initiatives. Assume ownership of products including defining scope and developing requirement for new as well as upgrades and progressive releases for existing products. Manage cross- functional product release efforts, including requirements, specification, R&D and project management of a development team to help identify, and develop new strategies and products. Work with business teams, designers and developers, making sure the product is tested and is released on schedule. You need to have a good sense for usability, preferably some usability testing experience. A good sense for which features are important and which are not. You will identify and prioritize Internet customer needs including conducting/ commissioning research. You will author clear product- related documentation, such as strategy documents and product descriptions, follow and analyze industry trends, as well as collect and research competitive information to ensure a leadership position for the company's products Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Clovia Clovia Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details