TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Overview ( Bank of America overview, BA Continuum India overview, Business Overview) Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle- market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. Were committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America. US Trust Investment Group (USTIG) is aligned to the Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) segment of Bank of America. USTIG assists onshore (US) Portfolio Managers and Investment Strategists working for US Trust Bank of America with respect to Investments and Wealth Management related work. The nature of work involves portfolio administration encompassing client presentations, performance measurement, updating contractual agreements on internal tools; as well as performing research work (both equities and fixed income) alongside working on adhoc work requests. Market data tools like Bloomberg, FactSet and MorningStarDirect alongside other internal and external tools are extensively used to produce various reports. The team works in US Shift timings (1330hrs to 2230hrs / 1430hrs to 2330hrs) . Responsibilities The candidate would be required to assist PMs (Portfolio Managers) and PMAs (Portfolio Manager Assistants) with respect to portfolio administration work that spans across Client Presentations, Portfolio Performance, Wealth Planner Reports and Proposals, Manager Blends and Manager Comparisons; and Overlap Analysis among other similar activities. The candidate would also be expected to produce adhoc reports as well as perform research based activities across equities and fixed income on a need basis. Working familiarity with tools like Bloomberg, Factset and Reuters Knowledge would be an advantage. Other responsibilities would involve need based interaction with our onshore business partners PMs / PMAs, Investment Strategists, Performance Analysts or Line of Business. Ensure to adhere to predefined parameters in terms of quality and timeliness of work and exceed Expected to actively participate in key process improvement/ operational initiatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Required Skills Graduate / Postgraduate / MBA / ICFP / CFA A working experience of at least 5 years Good oral and written communication skills Highly motivated, able to work independently, self- starter; and problem/ solving/ analytical Organized and able to multi- task in a fast- paced environment Excellent interpersonal skills; positive attitude; team player; flexible Willingness to learn and adapt to changes Team Developer in IC role may also apply Desired Skills Conversant with Data tools like Bloomberg, Factset, Reuters Knowledge Preferably worked in wealth management / investment advisory space Should possess a sound understanding of Capital Markets and Investment Managemen Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details