TITLE: Android Developer - Product Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Android Developer - Product Development MNC - Bangalore - 4-7 Yrs "Should know about object-oriented programming concepts and design patterns. Should have experience with Android SDK. Should have experience with working using remote data via REST and JSON. Should have experience with third-party libraries and APIs. Should have working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies. Should have a solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Should have published at least one original Android app (experienced developer). Should have knowledge about successfully submitting an app on Google Play (experienced developer). Should strive for timely delivery, high quality and clear processes. Should have excellent communication skills. Should be a good team player. Should be able to perform under pressure. Should be passionate about coding and problem solving. Should be proactive and capable of executing effective action when required. Should have good soft skills to gel with colleagues from other teams in order to harness the development process. This would be preferred. Should have an understanding of industry coding standards and an ability to create appropriate technical documentation. Should have worked in a startup like environment with high levels of ownership and commitment. Will design and build advanced applications for the Android platform. Will collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Will work with outside data sources and APIs. Will work on bug-fixing and improving application performance. Will Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Hands-on experience in architecting and developing enterprise mobile applications using hybrid and browser based technologies (HTML5, CSS3 and JS), would be an added bonus. Experience with multiple mobile platforms, would be an added bonus. " Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript JSON Android SDK Mobile Development Rest Design Patterns Mobile Applications Object Oriented Programming Product Development Life Cycle Android Developer Android Location API Social API Google Play Apps Desired Candidate Profile Edu- Btech(Computers/ Information Technology) OR MTEch (Computers/ Information Technology) Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Cairn Martin One of the world's leading staffing firms. Founded in 1989, the group is privately owned. We continue to remain the partner of choice among top companies providing solutions for end-to-end staffing requirements ranging from top-level management leaders to temp staffing. We also provide strategic analysis and advisory services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details