TITLE: Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyst- Banking Operations, Executive, Gurgaon- Haryana About Bharti Airtel Bharti Airtel Limited is a leading global telecommunications company with operations in 20 countries across Asia and Africa. Headquartered in New Delhi, India, the company ranks amongst the top 3 mobile service providers globally in terms of subscribers. In India, the company's product offerings include 2G, 3G and 4G wireless services, mobile commerce, fixed line services, high speed DSL broadband, IPTV, DTH, enterprise services including national & international long distance services to carriers. In the rest of the geographies, it offers 2G, 3G and 4G wireless services and mobile commerce. Bharti Airtel had over 331 million customers across its operations at the end of June 2015. To know more please visit, www. airtel. com Purpose of the Job: To ensure the vertical Banking Operations is competently handled for Africa Regions (shared Services) i. e. by processing multi site operations & coordinating with Opcos & payable team across geographies. Ensure the Service Level Agreement (SLA) are met. If require, liaise with banks for timely fund transfer/ deposits and handling other routine banking operations. Key Deliverables: Managing funds forecast, cash flow & MIS projections to Corporate/ Group Treasury Processing domestic & foreign payments for Suppliers, Vendors, and Employees (CTC & NON CTC) claims as per process Preparing & compiling various weekly/ monthly reports pertaining to Process & Financials Manage liquidity system and effective cash management system. Handling all types of queries related to payments and respond promptly, ensuring FTR Handling all the Accounting affairs related to all types of remittances Prompt in taking decisions for daily/ monthly deliverables. Qualification & Key skills/ competencies: B. Com 2- 4 years of post- qualification experience Process driven. Result oriented. Relationship building. Hardworking, disciplined & committed Team size : 7- 10 peers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details