TITLE: Data Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RMS - Senior Analyst, Data Analytics Senior Analyst, Data Analytics Objective of the Role: The applicant will be extensively involved in exposure modeling and data analytics. Executes delivers original analysis and insights and own all or part of an analytics module Provide professional skills necessary for all phases of data analysis, including the application of standard statistical methods for conducting analysis, documentation and presentation. Communicates analytical insights through sophisticated synthesis and packaging of results (Including PPT slides and charts) Establishes credibility by thought partnering on analytics topics; takes positions and draws conclusions on a range of external and internal issues Serve as an active participant on cross- functional projects, interpreting data, and translating into actionable insights, provide support on ad- hoc analysis and reports. B. Tech./ Post graduate (geostatistics) from a premier institute with good academic record 4 to 5 years of total experience with minimum 3 years experience on analytical projects requiring comprehensive data analysis, interpretation and presentation skills. Knowledge of analysis techniques like statistical methodology, data manipulation. Critical thinking skills and hands on experience in data interpretation, formulating hypotheses and being able to make educated guesses when data may be sparse or unavailable. Strong MS SQL knowledge and experience, ability to write custom queries of medium to high complexity. Strong documentation skills with experience of working on MS Word, Excel (advanced knowledge such as using pivots, filters, using external data etc.) , PowerPoint and Project. Excellent communication skills and ability to independently lead and drive projects. Technical skills: Experience with multiple analytics methods (one or more required) Data management skills (e.g. data modeling, data integrity QA/ QC) Geospatial data visualization and analytics (specialties such as cluster detection or geo- statistical methods) Spatialtemporal analysis (cartographic animation of timeseries data) Experience in core analytics methods (one or more of the following) : Geo coding geo referencing. Knowledge of open source proprietary geo analytics data sources. Geographic cluster recognition. Network analysis (locationallocation, OD Matrix travelling sales person, vehicle routing problem) Spatialtemporal analysis Familiarity with analytics tools (one or more required) GIS toolkits (ESRI, Quantum GIS, MapInfo or similar) Working knowledge of Property Causality insurance or reinsurance or and Risk Assessment Analysis would be advantageous Knowledge of catastrophe modeling domain would also be advantageous Working knowledge of and experience in statistical tools like R, SPSS etc. RMS models and software help insurers, financial markets, corporations, and public agencies evaluate and manage catastrophe risks throughout the world. We lead an industry that we helped to pioneercatastrophe risk modelingand are the innovators of the RMS (one) platform, which is transforming the world's understanding and quantification of risk through open, real- time exposure and risk management. More than 400 insurers, reinsurers, trading companies, and other financial institutions trust RMS models and SaaS solutions to better understand and manage the risks of natural and human- made catastrophes, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, terrorism, and pandemics. We think about the unthinkable, enabling the management of even the most extreme events. Our scientific and objective measurement of risk facilitates the efficient flow of capital needed to insure, manage, and ultimately mitigate these risks to reduce the consequences of disasters, promoting resilient societies and a sustainable global economy. RMS is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details