TITLE: Hiring for Lead- Sales for Ecommerce/web Development Company ,gurgaon

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear all, We are hiring Lead- Sales Â for an eCommerce/Web Development company.Â Job DescriptionÂ Experience of growing a business/ vertical from scratch is preferred. Ability to structure complex problems, and operations experience is very relevant for this position To strategize and define a clear roadmap to achieve business objectives. To evaluate, initiate and close on relevant alliances that would help company maximize reach. Strategies to achieve defined objectives for the said alliance Recruit and effectively monitor and manage team to ensure maximum productivity. Experience of handling team is a must. Proven negotiation skills, strong communication & presentation skills Strong analytical skills & exceptional clarity in thought process. Have a strong proven track record to get onboard corporate clients. Achieve Monthly Sales Targets. Candidate must be high on energy Please apply on Naukri if you are interested. Salary:INR Not a constraint for the right candidate Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills marketing sales saas cloud enterprise sales corporate sales International Sales domestic sales bde Product sales brand sales Technical Sales IT sales Campaign Management Business Development Lead Generation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Daemon Software & Services Pvt. Ltd. Daemon is a Technology consulting, SAAS provider & systems integrator headquartered in Singapore with a strong presence in the Asia Pacific, European & North American regions. Our Solutions & Services help clients solve complex business challenges, accelerate innovation and drive growth & performance. We are looking for people who are hungry to learn and want to create cutting edge products and services for new age telecom and financial services companies and alternate online financial services providers. As part of the Daemon team, you will participate in the integration of Large-Scale Systems with major Telecoms and Financial Service providers across the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details