TITLE: Lead Business Analyst 1 Business Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Responsibilities GE EC has Readsoft implemented to support accounts payable - invoice processing. This is a workflow based tool for invoice processing. The goal of TRS support is to work on the Readsoft SAP module. It provides an unique view for all different information needed to book and validate the payment of a supplier invoice (SD, MM, FI). This software has other specific functionalities like intercompany invoicing, workflow engine and extract for the Grid Solution reporting tool. The support team is expected to Validated and update the business requirements Find technical solution on the business requirements Manage the specific development done for Grid Solution Monitor and manage daily inflows. Manage related interfaces Data export to qlickview for reporting Manage all the configuration of Readsoft tool Manage all the archiving link configuration Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Accounting SAP Accounts Payable Invoice Processing FI MM SD Intercompany Business Analysis Business Analyst SAP MM Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements SAP ABAP with Workflow Knowledge . Experience on working on third party solution for AP invoice processing like readsoft or open text. Readsoft experience will be preferred. Exposure to Archive link and sap interface technology. Need to have technical understanding in SAP MM, FI and SD modules and how data in integrated and flows in different modules. Should have at least 2-3 years of experience in implementation and support of AP invoice processing tools.domain experience of 8 -10 yearsDesired Characteristics Experience in Readsoft implementation and support Understanding of MM, FI and SD modules Experience of implementing and supporting integrations Part experience of working in Hub like environment. Should have worked with onsite based clients in past. Experience in working with French clients will be added advantage Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details