TITLE: Software Engineer / Sr.software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Responsible for the maintenance and evolution of a set of software components. For the components in responsibility: Ownership of the component with the Product Manager or Product Owner for its evolution. Functional definition of the solution as a team with the Product Owner. Definition of the technical architecture of the component and its relation to other components in the system. Technical design and development of the component Validation of the developments made by others on this component Conduct tests on the component in development platform and in testing environment Monitoring of changes in the component on the production platform Participation in the resolution of incidents in production involving the component. Participation in activities of Software Development team and the Technology team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills PHP Javascript HTML DOM Application Development SOAP REST XMLRPC XML JSON Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate should posses the following :Customer focus Project Lead, Architect and developer background International : Experience in multi cultural, international organization Internet : Familiar with Internet paradigm Project Mindset Objective driven Can work independently and is team Player Precision and quality Good communication skills.Skills and experienceEducation : MCA/BE/Btech from IIT,BITS pilani, Delhi college of engineering or equivalent 3 to 5 years of experience Significant experience in Internet based application development Desirable skills on Internet development technologies: PHP, Javascript, HTML, DOM Must have worked with data exchange API using SOAP, REST, XMLRPC Good knowledge of XML, JSON data exchange layers Should be able to do unit testing using PHPUnit / SOAPUI Working on solutions related to hospitality industry would be an advantage. Working experience in SCRUM team would be an advantage. Company Profile: Fast Booking India Pvt. Ltd. Chances are you have a good idea of where you want to go in life. At FastBooking, we've designed a culture that helps you get there. FastBooking is a global MNC Company, headquartered in France, and subsidiary of Accor group of Hotels which is the world's leading hotel operator and market leader in Europe, is present in 92 countries with more than 3,700 hotels and 480,000 rooms. With more than 180,000 employees in AccorHotels brand hotels worldwide, the Group offers to its clients and partners nearly 45 years of know-how and expertise. AccorHotels provides an extensive offer including complementary brands-from luxury to economy-that are recognized and appreciated around the world for their service quality: Sofitel, Pullman, MGallery, Novotel, Suite Novotel, Mercure, ibis, ibis Styles, ibis budget, hotelF1 as well as Thalassa sea & spa. FastBooking having 8000+ hotels world-wide using its' products. It has offices in France, India, Singapore, Italy, USA etc. It was founded on 18th May 2000. FastBooking is a pioneer in e-marketing and Internet-based technologies for independent hotels and hotel groups. It is focused in Hotel Revenue Management & has solutions integrated in social media, mobile applications. Its goal has always been to increase hotel direct online bookings through cutting edge solutions that simplify online distribution management, increase visibility and conversion rates, and streamline internal processes. The India Offshore Development Center, FastBooking India Private Limited, is located at 4th floor, Ocus Technopolis Tower, Sector-54, Gurgaon, Harayana. The operations of this office started in July 2006. India office is responsible for designing and architecting complex yet user-friendly software products. The company offers intense and deep technological and technical challenges for software developers and software architects. The open, vibrant and work conducive environment adds to the thrill of the technological challenges too. The core technical team consists of MTech, MCA with multi-technology capabilities (Open source, Java, MS Technologies) and delivery multi-platform solutions like Web, Mobile. Using Selenium and WebDriver, we have our own testing automation solution to deliver high-quality solutions. We primarily use Agile software development methodology based on SCRUM. In additions to technical challenges, we offer the best of the fun-at-work culture and best of the salaries. Despite being an IT industry based SME, FastBooking India has an attrition rate which is the envy of the sector. An attrition rate of mere 5 to 6% per annum which is well below the industry standard. For further details, please visit us at www.fastbooking.com Management Team : Managing Director - Having Two decades of all-round experience in all areas of organization functioning like general management, sales and marketing, finance, HR, software development, brand building, team work, creating positive energy, getting productivity out of people, doing more with less people, visioning, strategizing, putting best processes in place( ISO/CMMI) etc . Also he is Author of : and the award for the BEST SME of the year goes to... Director-Technology- Masters in Computer Science having two decades of experience in web-based software solutions with diverse technologies like MS .NET, open source (LAMP, JAVA). Has been instrumental in putting in place the right processes, like CMMI, SCRUM, for effective and efficient delivery. Has vast experience in technical team building and infrastructure setup for IT startups. Has a distinction in providing industry-leading solutions. Head HR - Having 15+ years of experience & instrumental in setting up HR functions from the scratch, HR policy formulation, and career development initiatives etc. A strong people's person, her strengths lie in grooming people for larger responsibilities, developing frameworks and processes, and creating the highest standards of integrity and ethical values. Also Certified PDA Analyst. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details