TITLE: Modeler

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Responsibilities will include working in a fast paced environment with a multi- disciplinary team of analytical professionals developing exposures for earthquakes, hurricanes and floods for different geographies across the globe. The candidate must be detail- oriented with a positive attitude and with excellent work ethic. Strong computer skills and a capacity to learn new emerging technologies is also a must. &; Design and implement required procedures (classification, segmentation, etc.) and develop data products related to Remote Sensing and GIS projects in consultation with project leads and teams in different development offices at RMS (US, UK, India) . &; Lead or participate in projects requiring Remote Sensing GIS support. &; Identify suitable baseline and historical imagery sources from both internal and external sources. &; Manage or analyze data from remote sensing platforms to obtain meaningful classification and segmentation results. This includes: &; Research, collect, analyze and consolidate available datasets (Land Use and Land Cover LULC - layers, building footprints, industrial facility polygons, road networks etc.) &; Analyze remotely sensed data from airborne, satellites, or ground- based platforms, using statistical analysis software, image processing software, or GIS software. &; Compilation of metadata and other documentation &; Capture and delineate building footprints using Remote Sensing technology &; Interpretation of building attributes (occupancy, year of built, number of floors etc.) using photo interpretation techniques and diversified internet resources &; Create maps and graphs for presentations, technical papers, or reports Technical Skills: &; Masters or PhD preferably in Geoinformatics or Remote Sensing disciplines with strong analytical skills and 2+ years of hands- on experience in image processing and interpretation techniques. &; Hands- on experience working with satellite image processing software packages such as ENVI, ERDAS imagine, PCI Geomatica etc. &; Programming languages (IDL, C++, python, etc.) &; Proven knowledge of geographic and cartographic principles: solid understanding and working experience of ESRI ArcGIS and associated extensions &; Familiarity with open source GIS platforms such as GRASS GIS is a plus. &; Understanding and proficiency in database management platforms such as Microsoft SQL, Hadoop, etc. is highly desired. &; Strong statistical background and ability to drive the necessary processes and standards to manage and produce the quality documentation. Skills required: &; Excellent oral/ written communication and presentation skills &; Good time management skills &; Ability to work on multiple projects, set priorities, and meet rigid deadlines &; Experience working and communicating with diverse groups of people in dynamic settings &; Willingness to work in a flexible schedule. &; Ability to work independently and in a team setting &; Quick learner, innovative and should be a Team Player. &; Ability to prioritize workload and adapt quickly to challenging needs &; Energetic and enthusiastic and have a passion for excellence Founded in 1989 as a spinoff of research done at Stanford University, today RMS is the world leader in catastrophe risk modeling. From earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods to terrorism, longevity, and infectious diseases, our models provide critical risk management solutions to financial institutions around the world. Based in our Silicon Valley headquarters and with offices throughout North America, Europe, and Asia, our team of more than 950 professionals may be larger than it used to be, but were still as ambitious and innovative as ever. Whether quantifying risks due to climate change, simulating how medical breakthroughs could extend life expectancy, delivering supercomputing in the cloud, or transforming an industry with our next generation technology platform, our passion is innovation driven by the courage to tackle problems others reject as unsolvable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details