TITLE: Software Engineer - CRM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities / Deliverables Responsible to work alongside the team in US (Mid west) in updating and enhancing the Latitude system. This may include adding new device support and/ or new features. - Responsible for analyzing requirements to design the system. - Document and implement the design and write unit and integration tests to test the implementation and design. - Responsible for triaging and fixing any potential issues reported by the design verification and validation teams against the system. - Ensure compliance to all applicable processes and procedures per the CRM quality system. Academic Qualification and Experience Required Skills and Experience: - Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related field. Master's degree preferred. - Proficient in Java 1. 6 or higher (3 years of experience in Java for senior Engineer ) - Proficient in J2EE technologies (JSPs, Servlets, JPA etc) - Proficient in unit testing frameworks such as JUnit - Experience creating user interfaces (UI) usingHtml, Javascript and CSS - Experience using IDEs such as Eclipse or NetBeans - Working knowledge of architectural and design patterns - Experience using SCRUM or other Agile based development methodologies Desired Skills and Experience: - Working knowledge of defect tracking systems such as JIRA - Experience writing automated integration tests using frameworks like Selenium or Appium - Working knowledge of frameworks such as Spring, Hibernate and JQuery - Native or Hybrid mobile application development experience - Win7/ C / C# experience - Past experience working with remote team (s) Soft Skills - Excellent Communication, presentation and interpersonal skills with proficiency in English (verbal and written) . - A positive attitude, innovative and creative thinker. - Responsible risk taking and risk management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Scientific Boston Scientific Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details