TITLE: Android Developer - Json/java/sdk

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : We are looking for an Android developer responsible for the development and maintenance of mobile applications. The primary focus will be the development of Android applications and integration with the back-end services. You will be working along-side product managers, engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, commitment to collaborative problem solving, and creating quality products with user friendly design is essential. Roles & Responsibilities: - Understand the business requirements and translate them into technical requirements. - Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders to gather requirements, conceptualize & build product features. - Design and develop intuitive and user friendly features for mobile applications. - Follow coding best practices and maintain high quality code. - Performance optimization of applications for maximum speed and scalability. - Follow Android design principles and interface guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Android Mobile Applications JSON SDK Problem Solving Android Developer REST XML Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required Skills:- B.E./ B.Tech/ M.C.A. (Tier I Colleges - IIT/BITS/NIT preferred)- 1-3 years of relevant work experience in development of native mobile applications.- Strong knowledge and understanding of OOPS concepts, JAVA and Android SDK.- Experience with web service integration (SOAP, REST, JSON, XML), third-party libraries and APIs.- Experience with offline storage, SQLite database, threading, and performance optimization.- Solid understanding of the software development life cycle.- Experience in wireframing, UI/UX design is a plus.- Working knowledge of version control systems like SVN/GIT.- Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Company Profile: Travelkhana Travelkhana is your award winning partner in solving food on the move problem during Travel. Travelkhana is a leader in the segment and has been recognized by the media and the world in having solved this problem for 30 million people who travel in Indian trains everyday. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details