TITLE: Software Engineer - C#/asp/.net/javascript/css

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be a key resource for ARI's new product development support center being setup in Gurgaon, India. As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for working closely with ARI's engineering and production teams in the US. You will be working on cutting edge technology including SaaS based products of ARI. You will be a part of development activities and responsible for demonstrating your coding skills on C#, ASP.net, JS, CSS, HTML in building applications. This is an exciting career opportunity to have a direct impact on the development of ARI's rapidly expanding products and solutions. Responsibilities : - Work in Visual Studio to write application code using C#, Javascript, CSS and HTML. - Use SQL Server Management Studio to work with MS SQL Server. - Develop DML and DDL to update databases. - Develop third party integrations through REST APIs, SOAP APIs, and XML outputs. - Write code using the ASP.NET MVC framework. - Debug existing applications. - Write unit tests to prove code works as intended. - Profile code and database to measure and improve application performance. - Research new technologies and incorporate them into our applications. - Write and maintain documentation supporting the code and application. - Create, maintain, and use automated build tools. - Write and maintain documentation supporting the code and application - Write and maintain development documentation including standard operating procedures and work instructions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net MVC HTML C# MS SQL Server Javascript Visual Studio ASP MVC Framework XML .Net CSS REST APIs SOAP APIs ASP.NET Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required - Engineering (BE or B.Tech or MCA) degree from a reputed College / University.- Relevant experience of 2 to 6 years doing programming in C#, ASP.Net, JS, CSS, HTML, XML / XSLT- Good knowledge in SaaS model, enterprise/complex applications.- Hands-on technical resource with experience in:- Developing mission critical products.- Agile Scrum methodology.- Visual Studio with excellent coding experience in C#, Javascript, CSS and HTML.- MS SQL Server.- Developing third party integrations through REST APIs, SOAP APIs, and XML outputs.- Writing code using the ASP.NET MVC framework.- Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work with diverse and distributed product teams.- Able to work directly with overseas colleagues and stakeholders. Prior experience of working with international colleagues or customers is a must.- Strong English verbal and written skills.- Experience of working in a Product development company is a strong plus.- Flexible and able to stretch as per work demands.- Proven ability to collaborate with remote teams in different time zones.- Ability to grow professionally in a fast-moving environment;- Pleasant and patient demeanour. Must be a positive individual able to handle pressure well;- We expect employees to make personal decisions to strive for something beyond the status quo; Company Profile: Confidential Client of Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details