TITLE: Technical Lead/ Architect (Big Data and Hadoop)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We welcome you to explore the job opportunity with a CMMi Level 5 company for below position Job Description: Positions in this function deliver professional level technical work in support of the development of company products, tools, platforms and services, typically for an external customer or end user. Operates within established methodologies, procedures, and guidelines - Ability to convert requirements to technical design - Ability to write HLD & LLD from the business requirement document - Ability to coach & mentor junior team members - Must be good in adapting & adopting new technology footprints to optimize business solutions - Applies knowledge of principles and techniques to solve technical problems - Designing and developing/coding software components in core java - Designing and developing/ coding software components inÂ Bigdata, that includes various tools like Map Reduce, Hive, Sqoop, HBase.Â - Proficient in Core Java and RDBMS. - Specification and management of coding, usability and quality standards. - Interpreting requirements into application code. - Collaborating with QA and Business Analysis team members. - Evaluating and learning new technologies that would provide business value. - Ensuring the quality, architecture and accuracy of released code - Participate in Design reviews, Test Case reviews, and Production Support readiness reviews for new releases, provide & participate in for Go/No Go decision - Develops innovative approaches on performance optimization & automation. - Independent communication with business partners to resolve issues and negotiate project related items such as priorities and completion deadlines. - Provide timely updates on tasks to reporting supervisor - Adherence to the defined SLA Compliance etc - Developing and maintaining standards, common processes and best practices as per Industry standards Mandatory Technical Skills: - B.Tech / MCA / Msc / MTech (Minimum 16 years of formal education, Correspondence courses are not relevant). - Should have 7-10yrs of experience. - Must have: Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Sqoop - Experience in Talend. - Experience in Agile development and unit test writing - Experience on XML, XSLT, HBase, Bedrock, Web services are plus points. Location: Â Hyderabad/ Bangalore/ Noida/ Gurgoan Position : Â permanent Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills HBase Core Java High Level Design Hadoop XML Web Services XSLT RDBMS LLD Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: People Prime Worldwide Pvt. Ltd. CMMi Level5 People Prime Worldwide is a recruiting and HR solutions company offering expert services in the fields of Executive Search, Permanent Staffing, Temporary / Contract Staffing and Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO). Headquartered in New Delhi, our footprint extends across India, the United States and South East Asia and we operate within many industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details