TITLE: Project Data Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develops and maintains: Data Management Plans; Project Management Plans (for stand- alone contracts only) ; Communication Plans (for stand- alone contracts only) ; SAE Reconciliation Guidelines; Quality Plans; and other plans as delegated/ required. Assists in the negotiation and contracting process with outside vendors such as e- CRF/ Diary vendors, CRF Printer, and IVRS vendors. Maintains documentation on an ongoing basis and ensures that all filing is up to date. Regularly reviews project files to ensure that all filing is up to date. Manages the database freeze and lock processes and procedures. Ensures that all applicable documents and databases (data sets) are archived or returned to the customer appropriately. Coordinates user testing per User Test Plans developed for data entry screens, electronic edit checks, data listings, import/ export programs, and medical coding. Provides project specific training for: CRAs to be able to train site staff to use EDC system; site staff to use EDC system; project team in project specific requirements. Manages Quality Control (QC) process for checks of CRF database versus Case Report Forms (CRFs) and Data Clarification Forms (DCFs) : specifies required CRF database listings; summarizes results and resolves issues from checks of such listings against CRFs and DCFs. Schedules and requests data transfers/ imports/ exports to/ from CRF/ eCRF database and associated databases. Reviews and approves: project plans and guidelines for data validation, electronic data interchange, coding, CRF/ eCRF screen, database design, user testing, CRF tracking, CRF/ eCRF completion and other applicable project plans as delegated/ required; specifications for listings and summaries (other than for statistical reporting requirements) from CRF databases, and external data sources; output from listings and summaries (other than for statistical reporting requirements) from CRF databases, and external data sources. Participates in, and presents at internal, customer, third- party, and investigator meetings. Plans for and creates necessary documentation to support internal and external audits; participates in such audits. Participates in the development of departmental technologies, SOPs, processes, and procedures. Develops and delivers applicable data management departmental training. Trains and mentors data management staff. Contributes to the Request for Proposal (RFP) and Request for Information (RFI) process. Prepares input for, and participates in proposal bid defense meetings. Maintains proficiency in Data Management systems and processes through regular training. Takes the opportunity to network with colleagues for new and/ or repeat business. Qualifications Skills and attributes: To succeed in this role you will need the following skills/ experience: 1. This role is aimed towards staff who already have Sr CDA level experience and some exposure to handling Project Management. 2. If you are already a Project Data Manager looking to change companies we would be interested to recieve your application. 3. Experience with Oracle Clinical, RAVE is strongly regarded and mandatory to have experience with one of those two platforms. 4. A Bachelor's degree in a science or data management related area. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: INC Research INC Research Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details