TITLE: MS Exchange/ad Skills

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Must be open for 24- 7 operations. 2. Strong hands on experience in complex Microsoft Exchange enterprise environment. 3. Candidate should have experience in handling exchange servers of 2010 independently. 4. Experience on Configuring and Administration of High Availability environment for Exchange Services. 5. Clear understanding of disaster recovery processes. 6. Patch and configuration management of MS Exchange. 7. Strong understanding and experience with MS Exchange 2010 in an enterprise environment including backup and restore procedures, OWA, RPC/HTTPS, message flow and security. 8. Good General Server/Network Administration Concepts/Understanding. 9. Exchange Backup and disaster recovery. 10. Routing/Mail Flow and Set up Installation concepts. 11. Understanding & Management of Exchange High Availability Features. 12. Troubleshoot issues both at the client (Microsoft outlook) and Exchange server side. 13. Knowledge of DHCP, DNS, Proxy and other related services etc. 3 to 4 years of working required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IMSI India Pvt Ltd IMSI (India) Pvt. Ltd. is a professional services and staffing firm, with offices in Bangalore, Gurgaon and Dehra Dun since 1995.IMSI has significant &nbsp;knowledge in skill-based recruiting, on-boarding and staffing and has developed time tested processes to efficiently close every client position. Our forte is in building long-term relationships and delivering total client satisfaction. Each client project is a success with IMSI Staffing. IMSI excels in IT Infrastructure, Application Services and Professional Staffing. Expert staffing professionals have industry knowledge, domain experience, certification and skills. Our training assures team-work, customer-services, soft-skills and communication skills. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details