TITLE: Packet Core Planning

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this airtel ( D eliverables , D ecision level , D emonstrate & D imensions ) Job Title : DGM , Packet and Broadband Core Planning, Airtel Center Job Level: B2 Function: Planning NSG Location : Airtel Center, Gurgaon Reporting to : Head - Core Planning Date : 4- APRIL- 2016 Purpose of the Job To ensure effective Data network planning and facilitate deployment for MNG and ANG. To plan and do engineering towards optimum Data core network architecture within the central planning guidelines and AOP framework perspective, central to Companys vision of Enriching Lives. This position would be responsible for Design & Planning of Packet Core / Broadband Core including the life cycle management as well as help in induction of new technologies in Packet Data and Broadband Core domain. Mobile Network Design, Planning, Performance & Solution Management - Packet Core LTE/ EPC, 2G, 3G, 4G, Fixed Broadband, MME, SGSN, SGW, PGW, GGSN, DPI, PCRF, DRA , VOLTE , Device Manager, WAP, VAS services and Data Business Products. D eliverables (Maximum 5- 6 key responsibilities) Design & Planning for Airtel Packet Core and Broadband Core Network Design & Plan for Packet core elements in MNG and ANG Core network Recommend planning initiatives & forecasting for the expansion and evolution for Packet and Broadband core network. Network Planning guidelines for AoP as per growth and Business F&F . AOP planning for Data Nodes location/ infra requirement / capacity requirement Capex proposal for MNG Packet Switch , Broadband core and inventory control Support circle Packet Core planning team for smooth functioning and deployment of PS and ANG Core equipment. To ensure regulatory compliances. Discuss, finalize and align network change plan (NCP) for Packet core and Broadband nodes. Solution evaluation & induction in the Packet Core network Consolidation of requirements across all business units, validating and preparing solutions, help in Vendor proposals evaluation. Breaking down the network requirements with technical specifications for Solution Document and BoQ. New products trials co- ordination (Feature testing/ upgrades/ Life cycle management) Technical support to other NSG departments and all business units Supporting operations, deployment and business teams during planning phase to ensure end- to- end readiness in adherence to the network / service roll out timelines. Post implementation for resources planning, network expansion, redesign of architecture & resolution of operational issues on escalation. Putting forward proposal and coordination with vendors on modernization and other project execution to achieve planned network. Financials lead in preparation and approval process of Concept note/ NFA, PR, PO and complete ordering process for MNG packet Core and ANG broadband Core. Benchmarking & Standardization Best practice analysis. Planning guidelines to ensure standard & consistent network services Network Utilization optimization. Major Challenges : Interaction with SPs, circles and OPCOs for Data planning/ POI connectivity planning and convincing all stakeholders for augmentation with right capacity. Maintaining Data core capacity KPI as per the planning guidelines while optimizing MNG core inventory. Network capacity alignment as per changing business dynamics. Reducing the costs (Capex and Opex) on every elements of the network and producing the MB at the lowest cost without any degradation in the mandated quality metrics / parameters, by suggesting network changes as and when required. Working in a multivendor, managed services environment and resolving conflict of interest with strategic partners under planning guidelines and contract terms. Proactive actions addressing network utilization by trends and historical data. Planning a future proof network for quick deployment and achieving desired network readiness. D ecision level Prime: Final Decision Making authority, accountable to the Management Packet Core and Broadband Core nodes capacity management. PS core and ANG Core capex proposal BoQ validation and Ordering Life cycle management of PaCo and Fixed Broadband updates, upgrades and modernization. Solution design and Planning Pilot deployment / field trial. Shared: Decisions reached jointly with peers on a collective basis Governance escalations / unbudgeted aspects MNG Packet and ANG Broadband Core AOP planning: Location/ infra/ capex planning Network architecture & design Network Release Contributory: Makes a major contribution to a decision or policy judgment reached by others Contract management / renewal Technology roadmap D emonstrate (Key competencies) Ability to delivery projects in complex, matrix working environment involving various cross functional teams and managed service partners. Deep domain knowledge of Packet Core network / elements - MME, SGSN, SGW, PGW, GGSN, DPI, PCRF, DRA, VOLTE, Device Manager, WAP and Broadband Core nodes like BRAS, Gateway Router, VTA, LDAP, SRC, TR69 etc. Good understanding of IP technologies. Anticipate network utilization and strategize airtel response along with operations, SAE, deployment and regulatory functions. Good commercial acumen. Winning with others. Sound analytical skills to ensure best traffic engineering. Ability to take calculated risks and develop plans for risk mitigation within the allocated budget. Manage Relationship with Vendors to improve network quality for the end users. Identify and Deploy Measures to Improve Service Levels. Solution innovative feature and customizations for Business requirements Achieving business success through meticulous planning of PS and Broadband core nodes. Educational Level B E (Electronics & Telecommunication) preferably with exposure to business management courses Working Experience 10 - 12 years Expertise in Telecom networks : Packet Core , Broadband Core, Data and Emerging technologies D imensions Impact of position on : Revenue Create a PS core network blue print for Data capable subscriber . Budget AOP for Year entire financials of Value of MNG PS Core and Broadband Core nationally No of sub- ordinates (direct and indirect) 20- 25 indirect Ensure co- ordination with Managed service partners, virtual management of large personal. Geographical span ( circle job / zonal job/ regional job) India & South Asia Other function specific measurable details of the job Impact on customers : i) Type of customers Mainly Internal Mainly External Fair mix of Internal & External No. of Subordinates : i) Direct : - NIL- ii) Indirect : 20- 25 (including circle PS lead of MNG , ANG and partners) Approvals Reporting Manager Functional Head Business HR C&B Organization structure Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Network Planning Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details