TITLE: Job Openings for Sr Sharepoint 2013 Developers @ MNC - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Nichepro Technologies Pvt Ltd, Nichepro Technologies is an IT Product development & IT services company. We leverage our industry and functional expertise, technology practices and sophisticated engagement models to deliver world-class software development services to our customers across diverse geographies. The high growth course we have charted so far gives us the confidence of being a leading IT solutions provider for customers across the globe. Company URL: www.nicheprotechnologies.com This opportunity is for one our very prestigious client in Chennai. Requirement Specification: Our client: Product development company Mode of Hiring: Permanent with Nichepro Technologies Pvt Ltd www.nicheprotechnologies.com Position: Senior SharePoint 2013 Developers JD: Responsibilities 1. Development of the custom solutions based on the different requirements. 2. Should have extensive experience on the SharePoint OOTB features and should be able to apply the required branding by using JavaScript, JQuery and CSS. 3. Is aware of the responsive development aspects and able to conform to the same. 4. Participate in technical design, perform peer reviews, mentor less experienced developers, and ensure appropriate coding standards followed. 5. Take complete ownership of the end to end solution - includes detailed design, test cases, adherence to coding standards and development guidelines. 6. Good knowledge on OOTB sharepoint features Technical Skills Required 1. Extensive knowledge in developing custom solutions in SharePoint 2013 using client side (JSOM, .Net and REST API) and the server side object model extensively. 2. In depth knowledge in developing custom web parts, event receivers, workflows, timer jobs, features and branding using master pages, page layouts and style sheets. 3. Deep understanding of C#, ASP.Net and OOPS concepts. Familiar with the design patterns and UI development patterns like MVC, MVVM. 4. Experience in configuring and working with different service applications like Search, Managed Metadata, User Profile, BCS and Secure Token Service. 5. Good knowledge of the search architecture in SP 2013. 6. Knowledge in SharePoint Add-in development. Should have worked on either provider hosted or SharePoint hosted apps in SharePoint online or on premise. 7. Good understanding on the different types of the authentication options in SharePoint. 8. Good understanding of the concepts related to security, permissions management, content types and other OOTB features. 9. Good understanding of HTML5, CSS3 and JQuery. 10. Experienced in using SharePoint designers for branding as well as developing simple workflows. Additional Skills 1. Knowledge in Team Foundation Server is required. 2. Experience in JavaScript libraries - Angular or Backbone is an added advantage. 3. Experience in automation of test cases using Visual studio or Nunit and performance testing would be an added advantage. 4. Knowledge of any BI features like Performance Point or power View would be good Experience: 5-8 Years Work Location: Bangalore Qualification : MCA, BE or equivalent Notice Period: Immediate / 7-20 days max If you are interested for the above opening please do share your updated profile with below mandatory details: Full Name: Total IT Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Current employer Name & (Permanent/Contract): If Contract - Pay role Company Name: Current Location: Preferred Location: Highest Qualification: How many days required join from day of offer? Why are you looking for change? Do you have any offers? (Yes/No): You can refer your friends or Colleagues who are looking for change with the specified skill. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sharepoint developer sharepoint programmer Sharepoint Development Sharepoint 2013 Sharepoint 2010 sharepoint developer 2010 sharepoint server 2010 Share point 2013 sps 2013 sharepoint developer 2013 sharepoint 2007 2013 Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nichepro Technologies Pvt.Ltd. Nichepro Technologies is an IT Product development & IT services company. We leverage our industry and functional expertise, technology practices and sophisticated engagement models to deliver world-class software development services to our customers across diverse geographies. The high growth course we have charted so far gives us the confidence of being a leading IT solutions provider for customers across the globe. URL: www.nicheprotechnologies.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details