TITLE: Zonal Head Sales & Marketing - North

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop, Plan, Implement and manage all sales and distribution activities to ensure top line and market share objectives of the zone for all lines of business of the company. Review distribution health and take necessary actions to drive width and depth of distribution. Provide regular assessment, devise and implement actions/activities to upgrade sales team competence in the zone. Manage the cost of the zone within budget. Deliver the AOP and manage team productivity. Ensure Process adherence and work flow management. Develop strategic alliances and business partnerships for new growth/market opportunities with existing partners/new channel partners, institutions, government bodies etc to meet growth targets of the Organization in the specified Zone. The incumbent would be responsible for the planning and execution of effective strategy aimed at initiating and managing healthy business partnerships for enhancing business volumes, Credit Control, market penetration, team productivity and brand visibility Candidate should be between 40-46 years of age with a post graduate degree in management. Should have a minimum of 20 years + of experience and a minimum of 5+ yrs of experience in handling a zone (preferably North). Management / engineering degree with Industrial and consumer product marketing experience is preferable. Multi Industry exposure of Building materials, service and Consumer durable will be an added advantage. Should have exposure of profit centre management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Sales Product Marketing Market Penetration Consumer Durables Distribution Team Management Profit Centre Management Channel Partners Strategic Alliances Strategy planning business planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Production/Industrial PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: One of the Leading Plastic Industry * Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details