TITLE: Urgently Require Procurement Analytics Manager.. (gurgaon/noida)

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear All, We have an critical opening for the role of Procurement Analytics Manager for one of the leading Services based Gaint. The role would be based out of Gurgaon or Noida. Please find attached the JD; Experience required : 7-9 years (Relevant Experience) Qualification : Full time Graduate or Post graduate Skills; Experience required into end to end procurement process and Analysis . Experience required into Contract Management, vendor Management, RFx process. Strong knowledge of Ms-Excel and Ms-Access. Strong knowledge and understanding Sourcing and Spend Analysis. Experience required into category Management . Note : Candidate should be flexible to work in Shift timings. Interested Candidates can send aross their updated cv's on : apurva@mounttalent.com Best Regards, Apurva Koul 9818588837 Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for right candidate Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mount Talent consulting MTC Mount Talent Consulting, an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Training's & Assessments & Consulting. MTC started operations in 2007 with a vision to set new benchmarks while delivering on niche turnkey assignments in the industry. With time we have evolved to cater to a diverse set of clients spread across different geographies. We constantly strive to maximize our client's ROI (Return on Investment) and work on increasing the top line (Revenue) of the client's business by delivering the best. MTC has reached out to an array of clients with functions such as Recruitment's, Consulting & Knowledge Services through its team of young & dynamic professionals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details