TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Modeling Generating Complete Cash Flows from Balance Sheet & P&L Statements along with Project-Level & Company-Level Cash Flows (NPVs, IRRs, ROIs, etc.) Establish propositions for introduction , visibility, viability of Homestead Brand along with performing analysis & related reports to be generated Good in presentations, documentation, business control check, non-statutory audits etc. Experience of analyzing data & statistical skills Evaluation of Models and their analysis Awareness of Compliance related to Land Laws, JVs, JDs, Waterfall Agreements, etc. prevalent in the real estate space Generating and maintaining MIS report for the MDs office periodically Timely completion of tasks given by the MDs office Must understand all the real estate project related documents Must be well versed with all the accounting procedure in real estate Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Business Analytics business modeling financial modeling Consulting strategy business strategy Executive Assistant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Masters degree in MBA preferably in Finance & Marketing (Dual) Innovative thinker and advanced understanding of key elements of best practice benchmarking in the real estate industry & major problem solving skills Excellent oral and written skills. Strong negotiation and interpersonal relationship skills Accountable Collaborative Adaptive Multi-disciplinary Creative Solutions focused/problem solver Company Profile: Homestead Infrastructure Development Pvt. Ltd. That's what Homestead India, a niche real estate developer of unique residential and commercial spaces believes in. Inspired by the 24/7 lives of a new digitally-driven generation, it has given wings to the real estate market with its refreshing new concepts designed to create differentiated living for the aspiring individuals. Homestead's unique concept of Boutique Branded Residences (BBR) stands firm on the belief that accentuated global lifestyles enable people to treasure every moment of their lives. These residencies inspired by the traits of leading icons like Michael Schumacher and Maria Sharapova, offer a first-hand experience of their celebrated lifestyle and raise a toast to your achievements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details