TITLE: Sales Coordinator

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this OBJECTIVE: Guidance on processes and workflows, ongoing systems development and data maintenance and systems troubleshooting. Reporting and data management: Sales tracking and documentation, performance reporting, daily use of specific systems, databases and sales & reporting tools. Customer support: Fielding inbound customer queries and requests by phone or email. Liaising with other teams: Providing inbound and outbound communications across the marketing, customer services, and reporting, analysis and intelligence teams. Must liaise between other departments and the client to provide the service most suitable to the clients needs, cost and time restraints. Liaise between marketing ,product ,production, warehouse and finance team: Trade team support Coordinating with sale team to collect Pan India AI sheet order month wise on a firm dateand sending to warehouse for timely processing. Collating weekly sales report from sales team and analysis with sales Head. Sales tracking week wise/month wise and rep wise. (Target Vs Achievement) Focus title analysis monthly basis. Account wise performance monthly/quarterly basis. General report gathering/ specific report from time to time. Any other assistance for the team to get things communicated to the right department for smooth functioning of process and sales. Warehouse Daily dispatch details tracking & follow up. Sales order received by all clients, and checks for timely dispatches in coordination with warehouse team. Any queries and preference from clients are handled professionally. Monitoring for new title sample dispatch to the team for the respective region on time. Report with respect to daily despatches, MIS etc passed on to the team and the despatch details/invoices to respective clients. Timely update on stock arrival details. Product and Production AI Sheet jacket cover needs to be dispatched to team members on timely basis. Check for timely deliverance of new /reprint titles for both import and Indianprint done in India putting in sync with all concerned department. Release date for important titles right from the planning, production stage till its reaching to the clients on the fixed dates Marketing Planning & execution for the activities Making a coordination/sync with marketing, sales team and client for any marketing activities, collateral planned and its prompt execution in the market. More information on event and future plans of marketing passed on to the sales team. Event follow ups and sync between sales & marketing team. Eg: Scholastic month. Any specific needs for sales team with respect to marketing needs are passed on to the marketing team plus its follow ups. Finance /Accounts To ensure the sales team get SOA (statement of account) from account team on fixed date and monitoring the same. Any pending issues of client with respect to disagreement on SOA or CN needs to be collaborated between client,sales rep and account team. Account on hold to be looked on daily basis and talk to finance for its opening, unless needs to be handled by higher management. KEY SKILL AND REQUIREMENTS FOR SALES CO ORDINATOR Must be educated to degree level and may also be required to hold any qualifications relating to Sales or Marketing. Fluent in English to a very high standard and possess strong communication skills, as liaison with clients and colleagues is a large focus within the job. A Sales Coordinator must be organised and possess a high level of administration ability to effectively manage paperwork. Due to the volume of communication that will be required with the client, the Sales Coordinator must possess excellent customer service skills. You must be proficient in Microsoft Office and any other software related to the Sales. A Strong analytical ability is an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Sales Coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Seventh Sigma SEVENTH SIGMA Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details