TITLE: B2B Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for B2B sales experience for our organisation. Would be involved in corporate sales. People with only B2B experience may apply as B2C/Channel sales is not a fit for this requirement. Communication skills must be exceptional! Requirements: Delhi, Mumbai & Kolkata - DGM Sales Pune, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bhubneshwar, Guwahati, Jaipur - Manager/Sr Manager Sales Bangalore - Sr Executives Industry - Facility Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Facility Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Pvt Ltd About Quess Corp- Company ProfileQuess, India's leading business services provider was established in 2007. Headquartered in Bengaluru, the company serves over 1300+ customers across 8 countries. Its presence pans across 4 segments namely, Global Technology Solutions, People & Services, Integrated Facilities Management and Industrial Asset Management.Quess is committed to providing a world-class customer experience while continuously working towards creating better lives.Superior services and technology solutions have enabled Quess to achieve market leadership in many of the businesses that it has a presence in:*IT StaffingMagna is India's largest IT Staff Augmentation provider with over 7,900 Associates.*Industrial Asset ManagementHofincons, a 38 year old brand with 2,500 personnel on rolls, is a recognized service provider in power, energy, oil & gas refining, chemicals, ferrous & non-ferrous industry segments.*Facility ManagementAvon is a leading Facility Management provider with more than 17,000 associates. Its services include soft services, electro mechanical maintenance, specialised services and pest control.*Skill DevelopmentAmong the largest Public Private Partnership (PPP), training more than 15,000 Indian citizens every year.*General StaffingThe third largest general players in India with about 84,000 associates across more than 5,000 locations.With revenues of about Rs. 25,728 million [For 15 months period ending March 31st, 2015], Quess Corp is a step-down subsidiary of USD 42+ billion (as of 30th Sept 2015), multinational, Fairfax Financial Holdings Group; held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook India Limited. About AVON - AVON Facility Management Services - Division of Quess Corp Ltd. is today India's premier integrated facilities management company and offers a bouquet of Soft Services, Electromechanical Services, Pest Control Solutions and Genie Services (On Call Cleaning for Retail Customers). Avon, founded in 1989, is today India's premier integrated facilities management provider across several sectors and industries. We are spread over 33 offices across 22 cities in India. A member of the Worldwide Cleaning Industry Association, ISSA, we have a dedicated team of 17,000+ employees utilizing ISO 9001:2008 and OHSAS certified procedures to manage more than 550 sites with the following approach: We understand the business criticality of facilities and ensure to provide our customers with the very best of services. We constantly monitor our services and wherever possible, improve them through implementation of management processes, training and skill development of our workforce. We follow through our clients' requirements with precision to achieve the desired results. Avon is a division of Quess Corp Limited, India's leading business services provider was established in 2007. Headquartered in Bengaluru, the company serves over 1300+ customers across 8 countries. Its presence pans across 4 segments namely, Global Technology Solutions, People & Services, Integrated Facilities Management and Industrial Asset Management. With revenues of about Rs. 25,728 million [For 15 months period ending March 31st, 2015], Quess Corp is a step-down subsidiary of USD 42+ billion (as of 30th Sept 2015), multinational, Fairfax Financial Holdings Group; held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook India Limited.Company ProfileDiverse Benefits Seamlessly DeliveredWith an experience of over 2 decades, Avon is today India's premier integrated facilities management provider across several sectors and industries. We are spread over 33 offices across 22 cities in India. A member of the Worldwide Cleaning Industry Association, ISSA, we have a dedicated team of 17,000+ employees utilizing ISO 9001:2008 and OHSAS certified procedures to manage more than 550 sites with the following approach:We understand the business criticality of facilities and ensure to provide our customers with the very best of services. We constantly monitor our services and wherever possible, improve them through implementation of management processes, training and skill development of our workforce. We follow through our clients' requirements with precision to achieve the desired results.Avon is a division of Quess Corp Limited, India's Leading Business Services Provider. For more details login to www.quesscorp.com *Websitehttp://www.avonfms.com*IndustryFacilities Services*TypePublic Company*Company Size10,001+ employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details