TITLE: Manager, Medical Writing

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Summary: Responsible for the task- specific supervision of the medical writing staff members. Coordinates medical writing activities to ensure satisfactory completion of all writing projects. Essential Functions: Project- specific management responsibilities for staff members. Recommends courses of action on salary administration, interviewing and selection, terminations, professional development, performance appraisals, job description preparation, and employee counseling. Works with and advises staff on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities, and methods. Reviews departmental work products for completeness, accuracy, and overall quality; assumes responsibility for quality of departmental work products. Assists with the preparation of budgets and timelines for medical writing activities for full- service clinical development projects and for stand- alone medical writing projects as needed. Serves as a member of the department management team for all projects requiring report writing. Reviews performance of medical writing personnel (direct reports) . Plans, writes, and assembles clinical study reports, manuscripts, and regulatory submissions, as needed. Participates in the development of protocols, investigator brochures, and other study documents, as needed. Reviews statistical analysis plans and table/ figure/ listing specifications for grammar, format, and consistency. Other Responsibilities: Performs other work- related duties as assigned. Minimal travel may be required (up to 25%) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Drug Regulatory Affairs/Documentation Role:Documentation/Medical Writing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: INC Research INC Research Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details