TITLE: Tech Lead Mobile Development iOS/ Android Gurgaon Delhi NCR

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role:Tech Lead Mobile Development iOS/Android Reports to:Associate Director Technology Solutions Work Experience:5 Years (Minimum 3 Years on Android & iOS Development) Place of Posting :Sector 18, Near HIPA, Gurgaon Salary: Up to 12.00 Lac PA No. of Positions:2 Key Deliverables: Design implement and maintain iOS/ Android Applications on B2B Platform + Mobile Apps of Enterprise Customers. The company is using leading-edge technology to create best loyalty solutions for future generation. By joining the company, you will be part of technology evangelist/ geeks focused on innovation and change with harder targets filled with challenges. The assignments will require you to be self-inspired to build varied nature of loyalty solutions that works better for more people in more ways than ever. Hence the ideal candidate should be self-challenging, decisive and technology geek to manage the design, development and maintenance of multiple mobile apps (iOS & Android). Lead the entire app lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. Apps will be an extension of our product platforms & require integration with product side APIs. In addition to delivering the product the successful candidate will be heavily involved in driving the mobile strategy globally. Role and Responsibilities: Lead and work closely with a team of Mobile App Developers. Deliver across the entire app life cycle concept, architect, code development, deploy, test, release to app stores and support. Tuning developed app for performance for big data APIs. Work on POCs & build prototypes at tech scoping stage of projects. Act as a bridge between mobile developers and other product API developers to create and maintain performance oriented robust framework to support the apps. Working with the UI/UX designers to build the interface with focus on usability features. Desired Education/ Experience and Skills: BE/ B.Tech/ MCA with 5+ Years experience (Minimum 3 years in iOS & Android Development), preferably having published around 7 examples of mobile applications on the APP and Google Play store. Excellent knowledge in information architecture, human computer interaction and usability design Principles. Strong OO design and programming skills in Objective-C. Strong technical knowledge of Java for Android and the Eclipse IDE. Strong experience/knowledge of the Android SDK. Familiar with iOS SDK e.g. UIKit, Cocoa Touch, Core Data, Core Location, etc. and xcode. Knowledge of Swift recommended. Experience Integrating with RESTful APIs. Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL or similar database. Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. Experience building web and native apps. Experience using social media APIs. Good track record of having delivered successful consumer and or business products. Ability to use analytic data and user testing to inform design decision. Ability to keep the team motivated with excellent scoping and estimation skills. Excellent tech team management and Testing/ QA skills. Excellent communication skills verbal and written to liaise with various departments locally and internationally. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5+ Yrs exp in iOS/ Android Dev, published mobile apps on APP/ Google. Hands-on with info architecture, usability design Principles, OO Design, Objective-C prog., Java for Android/ Eclipse IDE, Android/ iOS SDK and Restful APIs. Tuning dev app, use analytic data, Sqlite/ Mysql, Html5, Css3, Javascript, build web and native apps using social media APIs. Deliver across entire app life cycle concept, architect, code development, deploy, test, release to app stores and support.Key Skills:App life cycle-concept, architect, code development, deploy, test, release to app stores, Tuning, POCs & build prototypes, iOS & Android Development, Google Play store, information architecture, human computer interaction, Usability Design Principles, OO Design, Programming skills in Objective-C, Java for Android and the Eclipse IDE, Android SDK, iOS SDK , UIKit, Cocoa Touch, Core Data, Core Location, xcode, Swift, Integration with RESTful APIs, SQLite, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, Web and Native Apps, Social Media APIs, Project Scoping & Estimation, Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting It creates technology solutions in consumer services across mobile, social, payments and retail verticals. Being Indias first collaborative rewards market-place, it has several enterprises on its LPaaS platform, SaaS Technology, Loyalty Programs, Decision Analytic etc.It provides rewards platform that allows consumers to unlock the value of their reward currencies, thus restoring faith in merchant loyalty program and credit card points. It supports an outreach platform for all types of loyalty programs where customers track, enroll, pool, and redeem points across programs. Currently it lives in 2000+ stores, serves over 250,000 transactions monthly across 2 million customers. It also has the largest reward platform across travel, shopping (over 5, 00,000+ products across 1000+ brands), movie and recharge etc. and already influencing commerce of over 200 Cr. through its Enterprise implementations. It is India's first collaborative rewards market-place. Reward Systems, Loyalty Programs, Frequent Flyer Miles, Credit Cards Points, Consulting, SaaS Technology, Corporate Incentives, Flights, Movies, Deals, Airtime, Shopping, Gifting etc. are all on its card.The company believes in creating technology solutions in consumer services across mobile, social, payments and retail verticals. The company supports the eco-system where everyone is rewarded, be it the pooling partners (Airlines, Banks, Brands), Corporate, Merchants or members. Industry: Software Product Development ServicesDomain: Loyalty Programs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details