TITLE: Associate Director, Landscape Architecture

SKILLS: Architecture

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Area -Â Architecture and Design Business Line - Design + PlanningÂ Job Summary India is at the cusp of an accelerated urban transition and there are great opportunities for Landscape Architects to play a part in our emerging cityscape across India. As a result of significant and high-profile project wins, our Delhi, India office is currently recruiting talented and dedicated professionals with outstanding design strength and creative flair as part of our thriving, multi-disciplinary practice. These unique opportunities offer room to grow the current practice, build on our impressive client base while being involved in both regional and international projects. Company is seeking to hire an Associate Director to lead the Landscape Architecture business. The responsibilities of this role are as follows -Lead a team of landscape design to provide landscape advice on planning, design and implementation of mid-to-large scale projects. Develop innovative solutions to problems that effectively address the social, legal, and economic implications of the physical form. Lead full cycle of project management including legal and financial aspects Lead, supervise the implementation of works contracts and performance of consultants, and carry out landscape related studies and research. Business development and building landscape studio branding in the region Minimum Requirements 1.Master's Landscape Architecture degree 2.Minimum 15 years relevant experience in Landscape Design 3.Strong portfolio of design and built work which demonstrates excellent technical capabilities; 4.Proven experience in successfully working in teams and appreciated by peers and reporting managers; 5.Extensive experience in the leadership of projects from proposal development to completion; 6.Excellent design, visualization, and graphic skills; 7.Strong proficiency in the Adobe Creative Suite, AutoCAD and MS Office Suite; 8.Excellent organizational skills and strong attention to detail; and 9.Exceptional communication and influencing ability. Preferred Qualifications Overseas experience MUST and experience in India is highly preferred. Recruiter Priyam Chen Why Choose Company ? Company Â is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazines annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a Worlds Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. Company provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients projects. A Fortune 500 firm, Company companies, , have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion.Â About the Business Line Design + Planning Our professionals specialize in design, master planning, environmental and ecological planning, strategic planning and economic development. We create implementable solutions that promote sustainable land use and enhance quality of life. What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category:Architectural Services Role:Landscape Architect Keyskills Landscaping Architecture Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Arch - Architecture PG:M.Arch - Architecture Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Company is seeking to hire an Associate Director to lead the Landscape Architecture business. The responsibilities of this role are as follows -Lead a team of landscape design to provide landscape advice on planning, design and implementation of mid-to-large scale projects.Develop innovative solutions to problems that effectively address the social, legal, and economic implications of the physical form.Lead full cycle of project management including legal and financial aspectsLead, supervise the implementation of works contracts and performance of consultants, and carry out landscape related studies and research.Business development and building landscape studio branding in the region Company Profile: TRS Staffing Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. World largest company World largest company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details