TITLE: ZSM - DSL

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of the Job Strategizing and achieving maximum revenue from residential customers by managing both Direct Selling Agents (DSAs) and Distributors and ensuring highest level of customer satisfaction Deliverables (Maximum 5- 6 key responsibilities) Driving revenue increase, market share and penetration of all product lines by managing Channel Partners (Direct Selling Agents and Field Sales Executives) . Responsible for marking territories and increasing the Tag utilization in Low UtilizedPillars (LUPs) . Controlling Channel Partner FSEs attrition by ensuring constant training programs, improving quality of recruitment, driving Rewards and Recognition (internal market scheme management) and ensuring proper on boarding process. Working closely with Channel Partners to support, close enquires generated and convert the leads. Responsible for revenue acquisition. Responsible for infrastructure development, FSE code management and RWA management. Keeping an account of active outlets and ensuring retail outlet health in terms of timely commissions, merchandise, services and relationship) . Responsible for branding and merchandising of outlets. Major Challenges : 1. Operational challenges that occur between the time when sales is picked from a consumer to the installation of product 2. Stop revenue outflow as churn Demonstrate (Key competencies) 1. Teamwork and collaboration 2. Enterprising and entrepreneurial 3. Analytical and problems Solving 4. Global mindset 5. Results orientation 6. Consulting, Facilitation andSelling skills 7. Leadership qualities 8. Networking and inter- personal skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details