TITLE: Front End Developer - Html/css/javascript

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developers interested in applying for the post must have- 1. 2 years experience in the front-end development, can independently accomplish the front-end development work. 2. Know about design, can use photoshop to edit pictures and design small advertisements. 3. Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript front-end technology. Can easily write code with W3C standards and compatible with mainstream browser 4. Proficient in JS framework (Such as jQuery, AngularJS, etc.) 5. Proficient in Bootstrap. 6. Master at least a non front-end development language such as C# / PHP, Python, etc. Master of Ajax technology, and has certain actual experience. 7. Proficient in development and debugging tools, such as Firebug. 8. It is better to have user experience research, more focused on humanized page development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills W3C Standards HTML JQuery Javascript CSS Ajax Firebug PHP Python C# Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Eligibility Criteria- Candidate must have at least 2 years experience as a front-end developer writing HTML, CSS, and Javascript code.- Candidate with knowledge of Angular.js, Node.js or any other jQuery framework will be preferred.- Experience in HTML5 and mobile web development.- JavaScript (without libraries), and including familiarity with at least 1 library like jQuery, Prototype, Mootools, YUI- Understanding of W3C web standards- Understanding of browser compatibility issues- Understanding of accessibility and speed optimisation issues- Understanding of mobile and responsive design- Knowledge of browser testing methods- Ability to use Adobe Photoshop- Knowledge of server side development is preferred- Strong analytical and problem solving skill.- Team working spirit and communication skill.- Basic English reading & writing Company Profile: AdeptCoders Pvt. Ltd Adept Coders was established to provide its services for diverse industry verticals globally.We provide all kind of web and mobile services to our client and having large no of sets happy clients. Adept is your one place Digital Agency. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details