TITLE: Sr. Front Office Executive

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent communication skills & pleasing personality. Greeting & assisting visitors, guests and bankers. Maintaining the records of all couriers. Handling all calls external & internal. Blocking conference & meeting rooms for meeting. Keeping record of mobile & data card bill . Making payments for the same. Keeping record of driver parking duty & cab facility. Co-ordinate with HR for Campus recruitment. Only female candidates required. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Export / Import Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Worlds Window Impex India Pvt. Ltd Worlds Window Impex India Pvt. Ltdhttp://www.wwg.co.in/The Worlds Window Group is a multi-division organization, established in 1993. The group was founded by Mr. Piyoosh Goyal as a trading venture for ferrous and non-ferrous metal scrap. Over the years, the group has steadily grown and expanded into several business undertakings. The 'Worlds Window Impex India Private Limited' is the group's flagship venture dealing in ferrous and non ferrous metal and scrap trading. Presently, it is one of the largest importers in Northern India. The venture has achieved immense recognition, and has been awarded the 2nd largest importer title for two consecutive years. It has reached a grand turnover of over INR 11 billion. The group ventured into the manufacturing of Aluminium Composite Panels (ACP) at its plants in Jammu and Samba in 2004. Today, 'Alstrong Enterprises India Private Limited' is leading the way in ACP manufacturing in India with cutting edge quality and notable clientele. In 2004, the increased volumes and frequency of imports by the group led to the initiation of 'Maple Logistics Private Limited'. Maple Logistics specialises in the movement of containerised cargo. It has grown into a 'Multi Modal Total Logistics Solution Provider' to local and multinational companies present across India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details