TITLE: Credit Research/ Credit Analysis - Big4

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Credit Research/ Credit Analysis-big-4(Shared Services) About Process : - It deals with Financial due diligence which is done by analyzing the financial and historical data. It also includes the analysis of financial transactions to project the future financial performance of the company. - This team does the Financial statement analysis, Ratio analysis due diligence by analyzing the historical & projected performance of the company. - The main objective is to achieve business growth by developing and maintaining strong working relationships with key business decision-makers, informing them of our scope of services and communicating how these services benefit their organizations. - It's a multidimensional role with People management, project management,client management . Stakeholder management, business development being a part of it. - You will be a part of business development and involved in Road shows. - This job includes onsite travelling (for 3-6 Months) - Will be working on engagement from multiple sectors. - Working on a region and a particular office. - Understands the due diligence process and has experience in financial analysis, report writing. - Counsel team members on the project on KPIs, key financial drivers, Desired Profile : - MBA / CA with min 6+Years of Financial exp in BPO / KPO / Shared Services. - Should have exp in Credit research/ Analysis - Advanced understanding of accounting concepts and good analytical skills - Proven experience in interacting with senior management of clients - High energy with good people management and project management skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Credit Analyst-Corporate Banking Keyskills Financial Statement Analysis Finance Credit Analysis Credit Research Client Management Ratio Analysis Due Diligence Financial analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Spectral Consultants Leading client of Spectral Consultants Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details