TITLE: Zonal Sales Manager Imported Tiles Delhi Mumbai Bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: Zonal Sales Manager Imported Tiles Delhi Mumbai Bangalore Designation: Zonal Sales Manager Imported Tiles Delhi Mumbai Bangalore Experience:8+ Years Salary:Up to Rs. 15.0 Lac PA No. of Position: 3 (Female Candidates will be Preferred) Place of Posting:Okhla, New Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore Role Objectives: Build and grow sales across Retail, Distribution Network and Channel Sales in the assigned territory for imported tiles for wall/ floor, interiors/ exterior. Support the company vision to grow existing business of imported tile from 30.0 Cr to 50.0 Cr in this financial year. The Zonal Sales Head is expected to thrive in a fast paced environment with superb skills in managing Project Sales, Retail Sales, Show Rooms, Distribution Network, Develop Alternate Channels and grow Channel Sales for imported tiles. Effective team management skills and ability to attract and retain clients, build relationship, negotiate price and grow business. Role & Responsibilities: Support all channels of sales in the assigned zone/ region comprising of Project Sales, Retail Sales, Distribution Network, Alternate Channels, Channel Sales, Sales Campaigns and deliver business results for imported tiles. Support in designing and executing sales schemes to ensure desired sell out of imported tiles and minimize shelf life. Meet retail channel partners, alternate channels, distributors, show rooms etc to under their challenges and ensure compliance of agreed terms with respect to product display, in-store brand visibility and payment terms are adhered. Communicate, implement and supervise strategies for display and disposal of fast moving, slow moving and dead stocks as per corporate policy with all the sales channels in the region. Track and record activity on accounts and help to close deals to meet sales target. Identify opportunities for campaigns, value added services that will enhance retail sales. Using knowledge of market and competitors, identify and develop the companys unique selling propositions and differentiators to gain financial lead in sales. Effective implementation of sales strategies to achieve sales targets in the Region. Regular visits to key opinion leaders to bring greater footfall to the show rooms. Target new markets and develop channels for sales of imported tiles. Market research, analysis and planning. Conduct periodic reviews with sales teams to assess progress with respect to business plan and recommend corrective actions-preventive. Track sales revenue to identify gaps, assess overall pacing to goals and formulate strategies to address areas of opportunities/ challenges. Provide timely feedback to senior management regarding revenue and profitability performance while leveraging sales force reporting tools and dashboards, risk to business plan, successes and sales activities. Collect intelligence on competitor initiatives and create strategies to counter the same. Desired Qualifications, Skills & Experience: MBA with 8+ years experience in sales comprising of identification/ development of sales strategies for products like Paints, Cement, Tiles, Furnishings, Furniture, Interiors, Kitchen ware, Sanitary ware, Electrical Switches, Adhesives etc. Highly enthusiastic, confident and passionate to go to any extent to develop/ train the channels in cracking business with tough customers. Should have good market presence and well networked in above segments with excellent market intelligence. Extremely impressive English and local language communication with excellent listening skills. Ability to communicate at all strata of business and society with excellent presentation skills. Ability to identify business potential in any environment and translate that into a business results. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: Ceramics / Sanitary ware Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required MBA 8+ yrs exp manage sales channels, sales strategies, support selling partners, campaigns to sell imported tiles. Prior exp of selling Paint, Tiles, Furnishing, Furniture, Interior, sanitary ware, Kitchenware, Switches etc.Grow sales of imported tiles, support all sales channels/ partners. Ability to communicate at all strata of business/ society, excellent presentation skills with market presence and well networked in above segments with excellent market intelligence.KEY SKILLS:Sales Strategies, Project Sales, Distribution Network, Alternate Sales, Retail Sales, Sell Imported Tiles, Interior, Exterior, Market Research & Analysis, Retail Sales Plan, Paints, Tiles, Furnishings, Furniture, Adhesives, Kitchenware, Sanitary ware, Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting Being in existence since 1933 and now pioneers in imported Tiles in India. The company aims to procure the best tiles, the world has to offer in terms of new designs of superlative quality and to maintain a good level of inventory for all its products, thereby drastically reducing the time lag between order &amp;amp; delivery. The company is highly respected for its exclusive repertoire of refreshing designs that offer a wide choice for the discerning customer. The company is also regarded highly by all its stakeholders for its reach &amp;amp; prompt delivery. The company enjoys strong business relationship with majority of international manufacturing leaders/ brands in tile industry. Hence enjoys access to the best quality and Designer Wall/ Floor Tiles of reputed brands from Spain, Italy, China, Sri Lanka &amp;amp; Malaysia for exterior &amp;amp; interior use. To cope-up with business, the company has also built up a strong network of more than 250+ dealers and distribution network PAN India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details