TITLE: Manager- Field Application OS

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Your new responsibilities Provide support in the field for application engineering to customers in all electrical, thermal & optical related queries ,& in simulations of LED solutions in Opto-semiconductor product range. Support customers in South India region by understanding customers need, discuss the application & propose most suitable & viable LED to generate maximum sales. Follow up with the customers on the enquiry generation. Give technical support to all relevant exhibitions, road shows, seminars etc. Understand consumer insights, competitors action plan, gather market intelligence, & provide timely feed back to internal teams for customer response on new launches, input for new product development &product roadmaps, marketing plans in order to support generation of new sales enquiries. Provide training to Distributor's team and customers for knowledge sharing & understanding Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Manager - Market Research / Consumer Insights / Industry Analysis Keyskills Sales Marketing Distribution Market Intelligence Region New Product Development Consumer Insights Technical support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required What we look for We are looking for candidates with technical education background, 8-10 years of experience in relevant field, sound knowledge of light sources & driver electronics, and hands on experience of LED components. Should possess excellent communication and presentation skills with a rapport building ability. Should be a quick learner. Should be willing to travel as per job requirement; incumbent will be expected to spend 50% of time out of the office in face to face meetings. Travel is a key part of the job and overnight stays may be required. Company Profile: Osram India Pvt. Ltd. OSRAM is one of the two largest lighting manufacturers in the world. Our headquarter is in Munich, and with a global workforce of around 34,000 employees we develop efficient lighting solutions. Lighting solutions that fire the enthusiasm of people worldwide. What started with incandescent lamps 100 years ago is now high tech in the pure sense of the word: Light-emitting diodes (LEDs), electronic control elements, opto semiconductors and even complex light management systems enrich development in almost all areas of life. Our goal: Providing more quality and safety and shaping the fascination of light in all of its facets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details