TITLE: Exclusive Relationship Manager

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Workila, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career. Job Description Work for a Big Private Bank in Delhi NCR 10 positions 5- 7 years (In Wealth Advisory) Job Summary The profile involves acquiring, growing and deepening HNI Banking customer relationships through effective relationship management. Focusing on the analysis and satisfaction of HNI Customers financial as well as investment needs and objectives. Provide the face of the Bank to the highest net worth customers of the Bank. Detailed Responsibilities Generate new business to achieve defined sales targets Build and deepen relationships with existing Wealth Customers to achieve increase in share of wallet and revenues. Provide professional customer service to achieve a high percentage of customer satisfaction and retention. Ensure ongoing self- development, updating oneself about the markets ; current affairs which drives the financial Industry. Manage the portfolio to de- risk against attrition and achieve stability of book. Manage the key performance indicators at the highest level. Have complete knowledge of the customer base in terms of the profile, demographics ; psychographics and assets in the Bank and in other places. Sales Achieve the Targets set in terms of product mix. Achieve best in class productivity in order to maximize the efficacy of the sales process. Achieve the budgeted cross sell targets. Aggressive Sales call plans to acquire large prospective customers through referrals. Ensure coverage of customer base in accordance with the Group approved Relationship Matrix. Integration Management Manage the customer transition with utmost sensitivity. Awareness of all the policies and procedures issued in relation to money laundering prevention. Ensure compliance with these policies and procedures on an ongoing basis. Any suspicious transaction must immediately be reported to the supervising officer. Salary: 10L- 15L and above Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Domestic Private Banking-Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Workila Workila Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details