TITLE: Back End Developer / Data Sc. Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We need a bright, talented engineer who is excited about the potential Swaniti has to genuinely change India. This role is perfect for an experienced back-end developer who is interested in helping us build our New Delhi based engineering team. You will work on projects that will make impact on a a national level by informing and educating the citizens and policy makers of the country with the development and policy tools to create change. Your projects will also create change at regional levels with field technology solution across different Indian states. We have aggressive growth goals so the ability to lead a team and think through problems is really important. You will be challenged to push the limits of Web-based platforms. You should be passionate about mobile and the opportunities it offers; imaginative about where you see big-data, analytics, mobile and wearables are heading and excited about delivering the highest quality interactive experiences anywhere in the world. We like our developers to be comfortable with a wide range of technologies, able to pick up new ones easily and eager to do it. REQUIREMENTS A deep understanding of how the Web works, from client requests to server-side handling to front-end rendering. Experience with both relational and non-relational databases (MySQL, MongoDB) Design, build, and maintain all parts of the data warehouse infrastructure (ETL, data modeling, metric design, reporting/dash boarding, etc.) Work with data product manager, data scientists and other data analysts to refine product concepts and implement the data modelling needed to turn them into reality, or help automate processes Defining, establishing and monitoring data quality standards and automated testing frameworks Monitoring regular data processing tasks to ensure high levels of data quality BENEFITS In this challenging position we offer competitive salary and benefits generous paid vacation days collaboration at all levels of the business the chance to work with - and drive the use of - the newest technology our common lunches with the whole team & free snack and beverages team outings and events great colleagues and atmosphere. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MongoDB MySQL Web Technologies Front End Quality Standards Data Quality Data Modeling Data Warehousing Product Management Data Processing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Swaniti : We deliver development solutions to elected officials for creating change that otherwise gets ignored or left behind. We work by providing implementation and/or knowledge support on key developmental issues. We have worked with over 100 Parliamentarians across the country and impacted the lives of over 2 lakh people. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details