TITLE: Javascript Developer - Html/css

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for Javascript developers to assist in building their next generation web applications and development framework. They are a small group of developers focused on leveraging the latest technologies and processes to help their business reach more customers and provide a superior user experience. Their focus is in building reusable UI components that other teams within the client can use, leveraging new technologies like ES6, Babel, and Web Components. The ideal candidate should have a deep understanding of Javascript and software design patterns, as well as some knowledge of Javascript frameworks like Backbone and Angular. Responsibilities : - Develop Javascript components and applications, based on wireframes, design prototypes and various project scope requirements. - Write clean, semantic and modular code. - Collaborate in an Agile environment to quickly prototype designs and functional requirements. - Technical support for development standards and other development related issues of existing company web sites. - Work as part of a team in a positive and engaging manner to deliver high-end solutions for the business and our partners. - Applicants should try to provide the following when applying: - Links to example sites/applications they have developed. - GitHub profile for analysis of code quality or open source contribution. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML5 CSS3 Grunt Gulp SASS Yeoman NPM Javascript OpenSource Design & Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications :- Minimum of 5 years- experience building Javascript applications with BackboneJS, as well as MarionetteJS and HandlebarsJS. Candidates with other framework experience (Angular, Ember, React) will also be considered.- Minimum of 5 years- experience with basic HTML5/CSS3 and responsive design techniques.- Experience with NodeJS based build frameworks/tools like Grunt/Gulp, SASS, Yeoman, NPM/JSPM.- Familiarity with writing application tests using Karma/Mocha/Chai.- Basic understanding accessibility standards (Section 508 / WCAG 2.0).- Contributions to OpenSource projects on GitHub a plus.- Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, deadline/budget driven work environment.- Ability to manage multiple projects and to prioritize effectively.- Passionate, dependable and committed to the greater good of the team and company. Company Profile: Career Infosystems leading client of Career Infosystems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details