TITLE: Executive Assistant to President MNC Mfg Company, Phase 3 Gurgaon

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation: Executive Assistant to President Reporting: President Salary: Up to Rs. 3.5 Lac PA Place of posting: Gurgaon Phase 3, Role Objective: The company is growing at lightning speed and the Executive Assistant should thrive in a fast paced environment with superb multi-tasking skills, and possess expertise in working with people across the company with global coordination. Role & Responsibilities: EA is expected to handle complex situations, multiple responsibilities, simultaneously mix long-term projects with urgency of immediate demands on the operations across multiple functional organizations. Must exhibit skills to collaborate and achieve actionable results with ability to build strong and sustainable relationships and capability to interact within all levels of the organization globally. Manage schedule, preparation of presentations, MIS report, management review presentations, travel itineraries, logistics and expense reporting associated with travel; work closely with production and manufacturing/ functional heads on securing status reports of action items in various meetings, manage the budgets; and help internal communication/ coordination. Complete responsibility of documenting/ circulating Minute of Meetings and follow-up on Action and timely status update. Desired Qualifications, Skills & Experience: Graduate in any discipline preferably with PG Diploma in secretarial practice with strength in office administration, meeting follow-up on action items, capturing information and making presentations, filing, independent correspondence, travel arrangements etc. Impressive multi-tasking skills and passion for managing a wide variety of projects. Stellar organizational and communication skills with proven experience in preparing and presenting information to executives and Board of Directors. High sense of urgency and drive for excellence. Skilled in Word, PowerPoint and Excel is essential, domestic & international travel desk and hotel bookings. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Secretary/PA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills/Qualifications:Graduate with excellent communication skills, articulate, meticulous, analytical and systematic in approach, in preparing MIS and Management Review Presentation. Highly process oriented, expert in Excel, Spread sheet, PowerPoint Presentations.Excellent follow up and communication skills.Excellent knowledge of excel with ability to working on various formulas, charts, linking etc.Well equipped with Google Search and knowledge of Shorthand is desirable.Good sense of humor and ability to thrive in a fast paced and dynamic environment.KEY WORDS:Executive Assistant, EA, PA, English, Coordination, Sense of Urgency, MIS Report, Management Review Presentations, Enthusiastic, Â Schedule, Follow-up, Presentations, Travel Itineraries, logistics, Excel, MS Suite, PowerPoint, Social Medial, Filing, Record Keeping, communication,Â Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting An established MNC and public Ltd company with turnover in excess of 3000 Cr. And net profit in excess of100 Cr. It was established in 1956, as a leading automotive component manufacturing company. Today, after 58 successful years, the company stands proud and tall as a mother brand of Gaskets & Heat Shields, Forgings, Suspension Systems & Modules, Anti Vibration components and Hoses. It has strong partnerships with global giants. Notable among the joint venture partners are Nippon Leakless Corporation, Japan, Magneti Marelli- Italy, Marugo Rubber, Japan and technology partners are Sanwa Packaging, Japan and Interface Solutions, USA.It is TS 16949, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certified. Its Research and Development Centers showcase its designing capabilities including endurance, static and simulated environment testing. Today, its manufacturing prowess spans over 5 business and 8 facilities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details