TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job title: Business Development Manager for (Delhi) Department: Sales & Marketing Location: Delhi Reporting to (Functional) : HOD Sales & Marketing Job purpose: Building and maintaining customer relationship and working towards order booking in line with ABP. Responsibilities: - Mapping of Customers Identify the business opportunities - Keeping a track of policy framework and representation of organization to Government Agencies. - Representation in trade organizations - Engage with Financial agencies - Benchmarking of market level prices - Understand client requirements - Analyse market trends - Mapping the market and keeping track of the competitors - Engage in techno-commercial discussions with clients, consultants, EPC contractors for business development - Build and manage relationships with customers and consultants. Critical Competencies for the job: Functional: - Knowledge of basic engineering equipment and processes - Working with cross functional teams like Performance Engineering, Proposal management, Project Management, Manufacturing, etc. - Commercial Knowledge Behavioural - Smart, enthusiastic, proactive and self driven - High customer orientation - Ability to network with various contact points, internal and external, build and nurture relationships - Interpersonal Skills Personal Profile: Education : Graduate in Chemical/ Mechanical Engineering/ Power Engineering Experience : 10 to 15 yrs with Sales/ Marketing in the Utility Boiler industry. *Candidates should be willing to travel extensively to achieve targets. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development Management Marketing Proposal Management Techno - commercial EPC Contractors Customer Relationship Target Achievement Project Management Performance Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, Energy, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Mechanical, Energy Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES) Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES) was formed to fulfill India's need for quality power at optimum cost, by manufacturing sub-critical and supercritical boilers, the preferred technologies for thermal power generation. A joint venture between Thermax Limited, Pune, India and Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group, Inc., USA, TBWES was registered under the Companies Act 1956 on 26th June, 2010 and a license agreement was signed between the two companies on 18th August 2010. This license covers transfer of technical know-how pertaining to design and engineering, manufacturing and installation of Subcritical Boilers of capacity 1000 TPH (300 MW) and above and the full range of Supercritical Boilers. The manufacturing plant is located about 50 kms from Pune in Maharashtra on the Mumbai-Bangalore national highway (NH4), about 160 kms from the J.N.P.T Sea Port and 210 kms from the Bombay Port Trust. This state-of-the-art facility is equipped to manufacture Supercritical and Sub-critical boilers with an annual capacity of 3000 MW and provisions for an expansion up to 5000 MW. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details