TITLE: FC AVP

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Group Role Profile Template Job Title: SBU Financial Control Analyst Generic Corporate Grade: AVP (Finance Job Family = Technical Specialism) Reports to (Line Managers Job Title) : Vice President Direct Reports (if applicable) : N.A Business Area: Personal Banking & Mortgages Department/ Function Level 1: Financial Control Primary Location: Noida About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over 140, 000 people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. Were one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. It is the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/ civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com. About Financial Control We are an equal opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. Financial Control provides financial competencies to their area of focus. They are seen as subject matter experts in finance topics or systems with a detailed understanding of specific complex financial subjects such as balance sheet, income, costs and provisions. They will utilise their expertise and understanding of financial disciplines to maintain and prepare the general ledger and financial accounts or to analyse business performance for both finance business partners and line management within financial control. Overall purpose of role Ownership of accounting and month end process for own speciality technical area (which will consist of multiple SBUs) of focus from an FC perspective (i.e. ensure initial review of month end reports is of sufficient quality to ensure minimal subsequent review points) Stakeholder relationship management (e.g. onshore financial control, RBB Financial Operations, Finance Business Partner teams etc.) SOX compliance and Management Self- Assessment Testing Maintain Issues logs Standard Journal and Allocation Review Understand underlying control frameworks which support the multiple SBUs within range of responsibilities Act as Subject Matter Expert for on- shore Financial Control Team Driver of continuous improvement of the control environment within Personal and corporate bank Financial Control in general and specifically the multiple SBUs within own area Key Accountabilities 1. Financial Reporting & Accounting Operations 35% Provide expert reference for customers for areas of focus; providing expert help and guidance on a wide range of complex and difficult subjects. By application of their professional knowledge and experience, understand the potential impact of decisions on other areas and interpret requirements. Act as a centre of excellence by providing in- depth, specialist knowledge and handling difficult issues that have been escalated. Investigates and resolves the more complex problems, issues and queries, liaising with customers, suppliers and other experts, as appropriate. 2. Business Performance Management 10% Assist line manager in providing an informed view of allocated multiple SBUs, i.e. explaining how individual business area trends are consolidated. Provide accurate and timely financial analysis on a wide range of complex technical/ business issues in connection with jobholders area of responsibility, e.g. variances, trends, impact of change initiatives, impact of new accounting regulations and how to account for new areas/ types of business. 3. Financial Control 35% Provide subject matter expertise to key stakeholders (onshore financial control teams, financial business partners, Finance Operations) . Keeps up to date with subject matter knowledge and best practice in this area Reviews/ analyses implications of Finance projects for own area of expertise. Recommends change and raises change requests, as necessary. Investigates internal accounting and external reporting implications of new and amended accounts for own area of expertise. Has an on- going program to develop and implement new processes to enable the business to adopt best practice. Ensures the integrity of the numbers to enable the attestation process. 4. Business Education 10% Provides highly specialist knowledge and support and guidance on all financial processes and procedures to business areas. Investigates and resolves problems, issues and queries liaising, with customers, suppliers and other experts, as appropriate. Liaises with peer group to ensure consistency of approach. 5. Team Building 10% Take responsibility for personal performance development, training and career development plans and ensure they are relevant and progressed Stakeholder Management and Leadership Key stakeholders will include Finance Business Partners, Risk & Governance Team, Finance Operations Team, Senior colleagues within Financial Control. Decision- making and Problem Solving Actively develops a culture of continuous improvement within own sphere of influence (regularly reviewing processes, procedures and requirements, identifying areas for improvement and implementing resultant changes) . Ensures that the integrity of the financial data remains within the highest standards, by ensuring that adequate financial and process controls are in place. Reviews and authorises change requests taking account of implications for own area of expertise. Assesses Change Requests for impact on existing processes and architecture Identifies options and design solutions, working with the unit/ business Project teams as subject matter experts to optimise services and outputs. Risk and Control Objective Ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, ensuring SOX Compliance, Management Self- assessment testing, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards. Person Specification Knowledge and Expertise - Essential Demonstrable thorough and up to date understanding of financial accountancy (including IFRS gained within a financial services environment) Knowledge and Expertise - Preferred Understanding of the financial services market and the latest thinking and developments in finance gained within a financial services environment. Experience and Qualifications Accounting qualification CPA, ACA or ACCA The jobholder must have substantial directly relevant experience in a technical financial environment. Financial Accounting experience of financial management Role Profile Attestation The content of this role profile is relevant for the role in question. Name of reviewer: Gautam Mahipal Role of reviewer : Vice President Purpose and Values Barclays has a single cross- business Purpose for Barclays and five core Values which underpin it. Our Purpose is helping people achieve their ambitions in the right way. Put simply this is the answer to the question What is Barclays for and it should guide our every action as employees. Respect We respect and value those we work with, and the contribution that they make. Integrity We act fairly, ethically and openly in all we do. Service We put our clients and customers at the centre of what we do. Excellence We use our energy, skills and resources to deliver the best, sustainable results. Stewardship We are passionate about leaving things better than we found them. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Barclays Shared Services Pvt. Ltd Barclays Shared Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details