TITLE: Cloud Sales Head

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience Required : 9+ years Education : MBA Job Description: Location Delhi Experience in selling Cloud -AWS, IBM Softlayer, Azure Solutions. Ability to handle Transactions with CTOs/CIOs etc. Proven competencies in handling large customers and closing Large size deals. Direct sales and Key account Management experience is a must. Strong communication skills (both written &verbal), relationship & selling skills. Market Exposure: Exposure to Local Market is Mandatory Desired Profile Should have good relationship skills. B2B experience is essential IT industry and technical knowledge is not mandatory. Should be from Sales background. Expectations from the role : - Internally (Within the organization) Building relationship with the members in his own team. Should be process oriented and working on enhancing the existing processes. High Energy + Patience is required Coaching team members for better performance He should be more of a WE person rather than I Externally For Customers, Vendors, OEMs and others. He should be spending 50% of his time with the customers along with his sales team Well Planned & structured person Someone who can handle and take the ownership of the transactions from end to end The person who can handle the P&L and balance sheet issues. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills Direct Sales Key Account Management Selling Skills B2B Relationship Building Planning Strong Communication Skills Balance Sheet Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Team Computers Pvt. Ltd. Incorporated in 1987, Team has completed 28 successful years of building trust and has emerged as a leading IT solutions provider, supporting more than 1800 customers across the country. At Team, we look at ourselves as a bridge between the world of business challenges and the world of IT solutions. With a total turnover of 600 crore last year and nationwide presence we are emerging as one of the most potential growing companies. *Team Computers among DQ Top 100 IT Companies *Team computer bagged 'Fastest Growing Consulting Partner Award from AWS'. *TEAM Computers in the TOP System Integrators (DQC July 2009). We provide complete IT solutions from Creating IT Infrastructure to Managing IT Infrastructure to Enabling Businesses with Applications to helping companies with better business decisions using Business Intelligence. Team offers end-to-end solutions to customers covering wider solutions such as Business Intelligence, ERP enterprise solutions, Google Cloud Solutions,Facility Management Services, Software Projects/development, PC Hardware and Software, Breakfix etc. We understands customer needs and identifies, integrates and supports high quality, low cost IT Solutions with speed, flexibility and an attitude of 'sewa'. Also, check out www.teamcomputers.com for more information about us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details