TITLE: IOS Developer Gurgaon Delhi NCR Region

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role:IOS Developer No. of Positions:2 Work Experience:3 to 5 Years Salary: Up to 7.0 to 9.0 Lac PA Role Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Understands all standard Apple iOS frameworks, including QuartzCore, CoreAnimation, CoreData, CoreMedia, NSOperationQueue and CoreFoundation. Expert in Enterprise Mobile solutions, clarity/ focus on concepts. Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting It is a global MNC catering to the financial markets for over two decades. The company provides market leading research, information, search engine, social media, and digital content, and software solutions to global corporations and financial institutions in Asia Pacific, Europe, North America and the Middle East. The company has presence across 22 countries with over 630 clients across 86 countries.The company carries strong competencies to develop customized solutions for financial and investment institutions globally. The company has breadth of knowledge in the financial services industry and the company has delivered comprehensive range of targeted and focused solutions to clients that operate throughout the financial markets with unique insight into the complexities involved in providing Trading, Clearing and Settlement, Governance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Analytics and Messaging and Workflow solutions for international financial markets. The company has strategic stakes in Chase Cooper, London, and Marco Polo Networks, New York. It is a part of one of Indias fastest growing business group. Other companies in the group include Religare, Fortis Healthcare, and SRL Diagnostics and the company is listed on The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details