TITLE: Assistant Manager - Business Excellence - Insurance Process

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary : The incumbent will be responsible for structuring and facilitating the transition to a value stream oriented organization. The incumbent will work with business unit resources to affect value stream changes and improve our management system. In addition, the incumbent will be responsible for managing cross functional project teams on using Lean Six Sigma methodology. Main Accountabilities : - Drive the transformation to a value stream centric organization (e.g., customer focus, measure and manage, drive out waste, improve quality and consistency of work processes, cross-functional line of sight, etc.) - Manage a portfolio of value stream improvement initiatives that are measurable and drive value for Business (identify opportunities, champion proposals, solution deployment, benefit realization) - Prioritize efforts of self and others to maximize impact and effectiveness (clarify goals, create focus, manage scope, etc.) - Assess the performance and capability of processes and operational groups (throughput, cycle time, productivity, waste, etc.) - Design effective process and management system solutions (value streams, workflow, dashboards, staffing, etc.) - Manage the controlled deployment of process and operational changes (pilots, change control, minimize go-live risks, etc.) Competencies : - Initiate projects, mobilize resources, and manage execution through to completion (managing issues, risk and governance) - Advanced business case development and operates with a strong understanding of the economics linking inputs to outputs and the value proposition of any work undertaken - Builds context by pushing beyond "how things are done" to understand "why" and uncover the underlying principles shaping the business - Ability to decompose and restructure complex issues, draws out meaningful business insights by synthesizing information from multiple sources (interviews, reports, raw data, etc.) - Optimizes operational productivity (eliminate waste, refine staffing models, off-shoring, etc.) and management system effectiveness (value stream alignment, continuous improvement, etc.) - Interpersonal and leadership experience, drives for change through a strong ability to influence business partners and execute ideas through to completion Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Keyskills Lean Six Sigma Operations Quality Improvement Business Excellence Continuous Improvement Process Management Business Case Change Control Customer Focus Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education and Experience :- Minimum Bachelors degree and 6 to 10 years of relevant experience from ITES Industry.Certified Lean Six Sigma Black Belt. Hands-on knowledge of Six Sigma, Lean and other process improvement methodologies preferred - Should have complete at least 5 (GB OR BB) projects on Six Sigma - Should have experience of mentor and have imparted training on same.- Knowledge of Insurance products and back office Insurance processes is a strong assetAdditional Requirement :- Open to travel for Training and Short Assignment - Open for any Shift Company Profile: Aptitude Consultancy Leading Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details