TITLE: Business Analyst (software) | Fin-tech Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client pioneered the use of mobile phones for payment in India. Their unique product helps in financial inclusion of all customer segments. Globally, the company is the only organization which has the capability to process a secure payment transaction without installing an application on the phone or SIM card. This ubiquitous design has helped the company reach different customer segments. In order to bring in payment services to millions of Indians, the company has partnered with State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank. Currently, it serves over 5 million customers, in 80 towns and cities over 13 states of India. It is among the fastest growing fin-tech companies in India and boasts of an extremely employee friendly work culture and great growth opportunities. The prime focus of this role will be to take the responsibilities around: 1. Work with internal teams to obtain an in-depth understanding of the product and the documentation requirements 2. Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience 3. Task analysis and evaluating surveys and workshop results 4. Document any identified required changes, and communicate them to the relevant third parties/colleagues. Work with stakeholders and interview them to capture requirements and produce Business Requirement documents 5. Create and maintain the information architecture 6. Work collaboratively with developers, quality engineers, product managers and usability experts to make our products easier to use 7. Study drawings, specifications, mock-ups, and product samples to integrate and delineate technology, operating procedure, and production sequence and detail 8. Observe production, developmental, and experimental activities to determine operating procedure in detail 9. Analyze developments in specific field to determine need for revisions in previously published materials and development of new material 10. Confer with customer representatives, engineers, operations team to establish technical specifications and to determine subject material to be developed for publication 11. Organize material and complete writing assignment according to set standards regarding order,clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1.At least 5 years of prior experience in technical writing of software documentation or process map2. Technical expertise in servicing and analyzing existing systems for any technical issues3. Knowledge of operations from a payments/distribution background4. Knack of engaging with internal and external stakeholders akin to relationship management5. Data and technology driven approach to every problem6. Deliver high quality documentation paying attention to detail7. Modeling techniques and methods using UML diagrams Company Profile: Unnati The company pioneered the use of mobile phones for payment in India. Their unique product helps in financial inclusion of all customer segments. Globally, the company is the only organization which has the capability to process a secure payment transaction without installing an application on the phone or SIM card. This ubiquitous design has helped the company reach different customer segments. In order to bring in payment services to millions of Indians, the company has partnered with State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank. Currently, it serves over 5 million customers, in 80 towns and cities over 13 states of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details