TITLE: TSM- Franchise Retail

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this airtel Job Description ( D eliverables , D ecision level , D emonstrate & D imensions ) Job Title : Franchise Retail Manager (FRM) Job Level: Band 1 Function: S&D Location : Delhi / NCR Reporting to : FRBM Date : August 2015 Purpose of the Job This role will oversee the successful operation of 10- 15 Airtel express stores to ensure they deliver a best in class experience. Apart from it hunting a new partner is this roles responsibility. This role will liaison with Circle Sales & CS to ensure that stores receive the requisite support, while complying totally with defined guidelines. This channel is expected to deliver a superlative service & sales experience. D eliverables (Maximum 5- 6 key responsibilities) New Store Roll out : Expansion of Airtel express as per the requirement. Stores to be 100% compliant before opening. Ensure all new franchisees partners are aligned to retail objectives. Business : Drive business growth & profitability through quality parameters. Drive all LOBs through franchise Stores Drive the relevant focus products at all times. Monitor performance at store level and put into action plans of improvement Local area catchment programs in conjunction with Circle marketing team Store Operations : All stores as per the defined guidelines of franchise retail Store to have all skills and tools to provide 100% customer resolution Management of franchisee relationship Ensuring total compliance with all defined processes & systems Identification of issues & areas of improvement based on on- going analysis of KPIs People Development / Team Management : To ensure 100% Franchise staff is of high quality & adequately trained Own the personal development of Store Managers & outsourced Store Staff Support the hiring process by identifying talent Identify gaps & recommend solutions to improve the induction & training strategy for store staff Customer Experience : Drive Service to Sell Ensure total compliance of CE guidelines Ensure Circle support to manage exceptional escalations, as required Train Store Managers and Associates to handle different type of customer needs. Challenges Management of vendor/ franchisee relations Ensuring timely support from various Circle operations teams (CS, finance etc) Number of stores as planned Staff Training/ attrition management D ecision level Prime: Final Decision Making authority, accountable to the Management Sales target of each store Management of Daily Store Operations for area of responsibility Service initiatives at stores. Ensuring timely support from the system Shared: Decisions reached jointly with peers on a collective basis Customer Satisfaction Appointment of new franchisees. Contributory: Makes a major contribution to a decision or policy judgment reached by others Acquisition & Up selling Channel plan D emonstrate (Key competencies) High energy and positive Strong process & Service orientation Good People skills Appreciation of need for Customer Experience delivery Building & nurturing partnerships Entrepreneurial skills Educational Level Must have: MBA or equivalent Business Management Diploma Working Experience Must have: 3 4 years. Preferably 2 years in a retail Business Operations role D imensions Impact of position on : All LOB sales with Primary focus on postpaid Customer Service Retail footprint Impact on customers : i) Type of customers Mainly Internal Mainly External Fair mix of Internal & External No. of Subordinates : Direct - Store Managers 10- 15 Store Managers Indirect 10- 15 franchisee partners/ 30 - 50 franchisee staff Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details