TITLE: Asterisk / VoIP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Asergis Telecom Services Pvt. Ltd Company Name, Profile, Work Culture: Asergis India is part of the Asergis Group which is a group of privately held companies located in the UK, India, China and Malta. With over 10 years experience, the Asergis Group has a proven track record in the telecoms industry providing high quality products and services to businesses around the globe. We take great pride in what we do and we combine a wealth of global expertise and first-rate customer care to offer competitively priced products and services. Whilst we have the capability and reach of a large organisation, we remain a privately run company. This means more innovation, increased energy, faster decision making, and an instant reaction to problems and challenges. In short, we are closer to the business and we are closer to you. Website: http://www.asergis.in/ Industry: Telecom Functional Area: Development Point of Contact for CVs / Email ID: starter6@multirecruit.com - 08041212005. Number of Vacancies: 02 Keywords: ASTERISK, VoIP DEVELOPER, Perl, PHP, MySQL, Linux Centos, Developer, VoIP, SIP signaling, Shell scripting. Job Title / Designation: ASTERISK / VoIP DEVELOPER Job Description : Over 5-7 years plus of experience in Installing, configuring and deployment and Asterisk and Asterisk based applications. Applicants must have excellent communication skills (both written and verbal), be proactive, confident and organized. You should have a flexible working attitude and a can do approach. You will be used to working to tight deadlines, able to work within a team and able to communicate at all levels, with a friendly manner. This role will suit someone with prior experience of working within Asterisk environment, particularly with experience of configuring Asterisk for new product deployment. Key Functions & Roles of the Candidate: All aspects of Asterisk systems administration including performance monitoring and tuning Building and configuration of Asterisk systems using Linux Centos MySQL AGI scripting programming Systems administration Shell scripting and Perl / PHP VoIP load balancing SIP signaling experience. Sip express router or Kamailio Must have good trouble shooting skills - Experience in using network testing tools such as Wireshark and tcpdump. Analyzing PCAP traces. Experience trouble shooting Soft Clients Vici Dialers and Hosted PBX would be essential.Â The applicant must be prepared to work outside of core hours to address emergency activity if required. Candidate Profile : Maintain and Develop Asterisk applications and servers. Linux server administration. Should also know MySQL databases and VoIP. Specific Skill Set: Ambitious, hardworking, self-starter, resourceful to maintain servers and build Asterisk VoIP applications. Able to work alone, be a part of the team. Minimum/Maximum/ Work Experience Required: 5-7 years Annual CTC: 9-12 lakhs Location(s) of Job: Noida (India) Minimum Education Requirements: Asterisk, VoIP, SIP No of rounds of Interviews: 3 Work Timings: Normally, you'll work 9:30am to 18:00 pm. Travel & Allowance: Travel allowance if incurred for business purpose after joining the organization Languages: Hindi, English Relocation & Reimbursement: No relocation charges Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASTERISK VoIP DEVELOPER Perl PHP MySQL Linux Centos Developer VoIP SIP signaling Shell scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Multi Recruit Asergis Telecom Services Pvt. Ltd Asergis India is part of the Asergis Group which is a group of privately held companies located in the UK, India, China and Malta. With over 10 years' experience, the Asergis Group has a proven track record in the telecoms' industry providing high quality products and services to businesses around the globe. We take great pride in what we do and we combine a wealth of global expertise and first-rate customer care to offer competitively priced products and services. Whilst we have the capability and reach of a large organisation, we remain a privately run company. This means more innovation, increased energy, faster decision making, and an instant reaction to problems and challenges. In short, we are closer to the business and we are closer to you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details