TITLE: Senior Product Manager - .Net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1-Company Profile : 2-Onicra is an active player in credit rating and performance assessment space 3-It provides analytical risk assessment and rating solutions to Individuals, SMEs and Corporates that enable the lender or service provider to take a valued judgment on financial and other transactions. 4-Over the past several years, the Company has invested to build a broad pan-India infrastructure and network to collect and process information about a variety of organizations and individuals 5-The Company has very strong capabilities in assessing medium size enterprises, and is one of only 7 agencies licensed by NSIC (National Small Industries Corporation) to rate SMEs 6-The company has MOU/working relationship with 20 banks and financial institutions 7-Onicra Credit Rating Company of India Ltd. 8-an active player in credit rating and performance assessment space provide a comprehensive overview of a companys stability and strengths 9- SERVICES; 10-NSIC Onicra - MSME RATING 11-NSIC empanelled 12-Provides performance and credit rating services to MSME units VENDOR ASSOCIATE RATING 13-EDUCATION RATING 14-Rating of schools and colleges 15-aids the system in bringing maximum transparency and efficiency Key Responsibilities: To interact with customers/team and discuss business requirements and define the problem space/statements accordingly. To create scalable, extendable solution architecture based on proven methods for WCM projects, present them to client and team, engage in reasoning and get all the stakeholders on same footprints. To provide guidelines and planning in implementing the solution architecture to team. To guide team in utilizing the current tools available in sitecore to help solving day to day tasks. To enable checkpoints for QA to ensure correct implementation of solution. Project/Product Management: Expertise in managing .NET development team (15+ Team members) for project as well product development in Health Care Industry, Human Resource, Leasing Product and Point Of Sales product with touch screen capabilities, e-commerce solutions and web content management. Experience in managing project (including writing specifications, providing solution architectures) in Microsoft Technologies from 50 to 1500 Man-days projects Accountable for project execution as well as providing project statuses to client through various communication medium (Phone, Skype, Email, Web-Conference tools like GoToMeeting) during the entire development cycle. Engage in people management to keep team member motivated and encouraged professionally as well as personally. Technologies: Development Technologies: Microsoft Technologies (.NET 2.0, 3.5, 4.0), WPF, ASP.NET, C#, MSSQL, Microsoft Expression Blend 4.0, Design Patterns Source Safe: Visual Source Safe, SeaPine, SVN, GitHub Database: MSSQL Server, MySql Communication Tools: Skype, Google Talk, Yuugguu, GoToMeeting Web Servers: IIS, WAMP Server CMS: Sitecore 6.4, 6.5, 7.0 CMS Tools: Luke 3.5.0, Sitecore Rocks, Razl QA Tools: Basic expertise in Selenium Automation Testing Scripts Issue Tracker: Bugzilla, JIRA Skills required: Microsoft Technologies and .NET based projects (.NET, ASP.NET, C#, WPF, MSSQL, MS Projects, Sitecore Experience required: 10+ Years Interested Candidates can share your CV on tina.sharma@onicra.com / priyanka.khatri@onicra.com Salary:INR Negotiable Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. Onicra Credit Rating Agency is a path breaking innovative organization that analyzes data andprovides rating solutions for Individuals and Small and Medium Enterprises(SMEs). This ratingenables the lender or service provider to take a valued judgment on the Individual or SME basedon its Financial, Background and Productivity analysis. Onicra facilitates over 200,000transactions per day through a single window clearance on a national basis in the Telecom,Banking, Insurance, Health, Education and Automobile sectors.Over the years, Onicra has developed a long list of esteemed clients. This includes some ofIndia Inc's top 100 companies: Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra, Reliance, Volkswagen, HDFC andGenpact.Onicra has been acknowledged as pioneers in the field of credit rating by the Ministry of Financein the Economic Survey (1993-1994). It is also recognized and empanelled by the likes of NSIC(National Small Industries Corporation) for SSI (Small Scale Industry) assessment. Our ratinghas also been accepted by the IBA(Indian Banks Association).We deliver services from a national network of 150 operation centers. Our integrated networkalso comprises of 4000 FOS (Fleet on Street) personnel located at various strategic locationsnationwide. Our presence in 400 locations coupled with multilingual capabilities lends us acompetitive advantage to manage complex processes in multiple geographic regions.The operations architecture allows for business and services to be conducted in the lowestturnaround time using our revolutionary PRTS (Performance Rating &amp;amp; Tracking System)technology. Operations not only run round the clock but also meet customer needs for proximity,language and cultural compatibility without hampering productivity. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details