TITLE: Java Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Architect Java Technical Architect, who can coordinate and interface with different regionally separated implementation teams. Building expertise on different utility verticals and domains and emerge as an SME in the respective area. Ability to take up Architectural definitions and reviews, design/deliverable reviews, POCs and Demos. Analysis and Research in evolving product and takes individual technical ownership of the projects/products. Will be involved in Solutioning complex architecture. Helps determine how technology can be applied to meet the business needs. Experience in designing product modules and systems. Experience with MVC frameworks (Spring & Struts) Strong OO design patterns and concepts Expertise in Data structures and algorithms Working knowledge with JPA frame works (Hibernate) Expertise in performance and security issues analysis and resolutions Experience in leading the technical teams for application development, for a minimum of 3 years Good knowledge about responsive and adaptive design Experience with Rules based work flow engines development and functional programming Writing design documents and performing formal code reviews Must be savvy with design and deployment of business applications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Java Hibernate Spring Struts JPA Design Patterns Algorithms Data Structures MVC Java Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Technical Skills Reqd.:9 Â to 13 years software Development experience in a professional environment. Candidate should have hands-on experience in Java / J2EE. Should be strong in OOPS and Core Java - Fundamentals. Expeience in JavaScript Frameworks like AngularJs, NodeJs. Should have experience of working in Spring, hibernate JSPs, Servlets and web containers. Should have developed web applications, enterprise applications and integration projects of medium complexity in the past using UI techniques. Should have good experience with jQuery and HTML5. Should be an avid learner of new technologies, innovate and demonstrate this attribute. Awareness of database SQL/PLSQL is an advantage. Should be conversant with agile and should have lead small teams end-to-end. Good communication skills.Key Skills Required - Architecture, Design Patterns, J2EE, AngularJs, Core Java, EJB, Multithreading Company Profile: R Systems International Ltd. R Systems, a CMMI Level5 and PCMM Level5 company, is a global Information Technology and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) company with an unwavering focus on customer needs. It helps companies bring products and services to market quicker by using its proprietary pSuite execution framework. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details