TITLE: Metallurgist/ Metallurgy Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently seeking Metallurgy Engineer for one of the leading Oil& Gas MNC. Job Location : Gurgaon Area Of Specialization in Oil and Gas Projects :- Selection of materials for mechanical equipment and piping. Developing MSD Reviewing PMS Exposure to corrosion monitoring and preparing write ups on Projects on the techniques. Reviewing and suggesting changes on painting system and internal coatings/lining for equipment and piping. Exposure to insulation materials on equipment and piping. Review and suggesting changes to Vendor provided WPS / PQR. Exposure to Cathodic Protection Plan preparation. Failure Investigation of mechanical static equipment & piping. Providing expertise technical input in selection of material & deciding the substitute material at various stage of project. Review the Licensor, Client, PMC documents for the Technical Query (TQ) during the proposal stage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills PQR Corrosion Cathodic Protection Static Equipment Project Review metallurgy mechanical engineer Technical review WPS EPC FEED welding fabrication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Other Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.tech Mechanical/ Metallurgy.Must be from EPC Industry.having worked on Oil & Gas, Refinery, Petrochemical Projects. Company Profile: Lutech Resources India Pvt Ltd Lutech Resources India is Internal Staffing Company of CB&I (Chicago Bridge & Iron). Lutech Resources have multiple offices in all over globe, North America, Europe, India, the Middle East, Australia and the Asia Pacific region. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company known commonly as CB&I, CB&I (NYSE:CBI) is the most complete energy infrastructure focused company in the world and a major provider of government services. With 125 years of experience and the expertise of approximately 55,000 employees, CB&I provides reliable solutions while maintaining a relentless focus on safety and an uncompromising standard of quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details