TITLE: Senior Financial Analysis Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Strategy & Process Improvement (S&PI) team is responsible for identifying, scoping, planning and executing transformational projects for Controllership and Finance. The team supports the Finance organization (with a primary focus on Controllership) to deliver projects that improve processes, provide efficiency, enhance the control environment, support business growth activities and implement new technologies. Responsibilities: This role is a critical part of the S&PI organization and has responsibility for supporting transformational initiatives within Controllership and Finance. This role is responsible for participating in projects across Controllership and Finance, including system deployments that involve working closely with the Technologies organization. This role is responsible for: Supporting the delivery of initiatives that enable Global Controllership and other Finance organizations to deliver processing efficiencies, improve control and compliance, and expand the utilization of technology in support of their strategic roadmap. Contribute to the development of project plans, helping to define deliverables, tasks, and timelines Owning specific deliverables within the project plan and executing against those deliverables with a high degree of quality. Build and maintain strong cross- functional relationships and maintain effective communications with team members, stakeholders, technology and business partners to effectively influence the achievement of project objectives. Supporting project implementation through the use of standard end- to- end processes, controls, and dashboards/ metrics. Adhering to project standards and governance models and applying consistent project delivery methodologies and standards. This position will report to the Manager, Strategy and Process Improvement within the Global Controllership Strategy and Process Improvement This role may be subject to additional background verification checks. Responsible for providing analytical support to project- based work. Qualifications At minimum, three years experience with American Express accounting and reporting processes, including financial and regulatory reporting. A good understanding of Finance systems and the business processes supported by those systems, Strong business analysis skills. Must have strong analytical skills and have the ability to focus on task execution, while maintaining a holistic view. Flexibility, ability to prioritize multiple demands and manage in a matrix organization. Transformational approach to process efficiency and effectiveness. Good communication, both written and verbal, facilitation and presentation writing skills. Ability to handle a high pressure environment, decision making in challenging situations. Must be a self starter with an ability to work independently High Proficiency in Ms Office (Excel, Word, Power Point) is a requirementn Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: American Express Company American Express Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details