TITLE: Business development Database

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Database Platform & Big Data Business Development Manager, India - Job Description Overview Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the pioneer and recognized leader in Cloud Computing. Our web services provide a platform for IT infrastructure in- the- cloud that is used by hundreds of thousands of developers and businesses around the world. These customers range from start- ups to leading web companies to Global 500 companies in financial services, pharmaceuticals, and technology. Want to make Database history Come and join the AWS Database Business Development team and help our India customers realize the value of our DynamoDB, Redshift and Amazon Relational Database (RDS) services. Thousands of customers run managed databases on Amazons industry leading cloud computing platform.As a Business Development Manager within the AWS India, you would be able to shape the future of the Database Platform industry and further establish Amazon as the leader in the cloud computing space.You would use your business savvy to drive revenue, develop sales programs and identify new markets and opportunities. You would work directly with the most interesting and demanding customers to understand their requirements and turn them into reality.Working hand in hand with our sales teams and solution architects, you would help deliver the finest solutions based on our platform of Database services. Your in- depth knowledge of the database market, (especially Oracle or SQL Server) will help customers understand how to improve their businesses using the right Database services. Your excellent verbal and written communication skills will allow you build sales enablement tools, drive demand generation campaigns, evangelize our Database platform with our enterprise customers, start- ups and valued partners.The ideal candidate will possess business background that enables them to drive an engagement and interact at the CxO/ VP level, as well as having a technical background that enables them to easily interact with software developers and architects. He/ she should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions, and work cross- organizationally to build consensus. A keen sense of ownership, drive, and scrappiness is a must.We are looking for someone who is passionate about this field and excited about our company credo: Work hard. Have fun. Make history.? Its critical to love what you do and take pride in your value proposition to our customers. You will change the world and make history in this role.Roles & Responsibilities: Serve as a key member of the Business Development team in helping to drive AWS marketing, sales, and technical strategies for the Database & Big Data/ Analytics industry in India Drive the India GTM plans for Amazon RDS Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server engines. Define and size target market segments, customer base, and key partners including ISVs and system integrators. Create strategic business development plans for target markets and ensure these plans are in line with the AWS strategic direction. Develop industry- specific messaging and collateral materials that effectively communicate the AWS value proposition for enterprise cloud computing, including datacenter- to- cloud extension and migration. Execute the strategic business development plans while working closely with internal stakeholders (e.g. sales, marketing, & partner teams, solution architects, professional services and support teams, legal and contract teams, and the AWS service teams) Identify specific prospects/ partners to approach while communicating the specific value proposition for their business and use case. Fill the business development pipeline by engaging with prospects, partners, and key customers. Understand the unique business & technical requirements of our customers and work closely with the internal development teams to guide the direction of our product offerings for our largest and most complex customers. Understand and exploit the use of Salesforce.com and other internal Amazon systems for campaign tracking and pipeline management. Prepare and present business reviews to the senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks to closing new enterprise customers. Manage complex enterprise contract negotiations, in cooperation with AWS legal and professional services teams. Handle a high volume of engagements and the fast pace of the cloud computing market. Creative prospecting through campaigns, business partners, and other activities to identify new customers Clearly articulate the AWs Database Platform & Big Data & Analytics propositions to customers, partners and internal staff. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications . The right person have spent at least 12 years selling Database solutions. Ideally have in depth knowledge in Oracle and/ or SQL Server RDBMS products . Experience in Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence/ Analytics tools is also an advantage . Have demonstrated experience in developing GTM strategies performing roles such as business development, enterprise sales, or program/ product management. . Should have demonstrated an ability to work in matrix organization with multiple stakeholders. Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills. Demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations is key. Technical and/ or business degree required. Preferred Qualifications Experience working within the technology industry is highly desired Experience with cloud computing and or related fields (IT, software, etc) . MBA or equivalent background helpful. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details