TITLE: Manager - Die Cast Design

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent will be required to interact with marketing & external customer for order clarification. - Preparing 3- D Models of products & Die elements in Pro- E. - Preparing assembly Drawings and bill of Material on CAD (viz.PRO- E & AutoCAD) . - Leading and guiding a team of qualified Tool designers in Die development process. - Attending trials and trouble shooting. - Visiting customers for study of new processes, guiding them in product design and for commissioning of dies. - Study of inspection reports and decide on the action plan for corrections and communicating the same to the shop floor. - Maintain records & fulfilling ISO 9001, 14000 systems requirements. - Knowledge of various Die casting processes. - Knowledge of material properties of Die- casting materials & tool steels. Interphase of peripheral equipments & dies in the moulding shop. - Preparing 3D Models in Pro- E or Unigraphics for Products using concept of Die construction, Parting line definition, Core / Cavity extraction. - Preparing Design layout in 3- D software by deciding on Feeding mechanism, Cooling mechanism, Slider mechanism and Ejector mechanism. - Leading a group of designers, guiding them in die design. Arranging 3D modeling training in required areas. - Achieving individual and group productivity. Target on- time & first time right parameters. - Compliance with the quality management system, Quality improvement, Productivity improvement processes and TOC method of working. - Make the analysis from simulation reports & modify the design accordingly. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Godrej Industries Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details