TITLE: Android Developer for a fin tech Start-up

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The company pioneered the use of mobile phones for payment in India. Their unique product helps in financial inclusion of all customer segments. Globally, the company is the only organization which has the capability to process a secure payment transaction without installing an application on the phone or SIM card. This ubiquitous design has helped the company reach different customer segments. In order to bring in payment services to millions of Indians, the company has partnered with State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank. Currently, it serves over 5 million customers, in 80 towns and cities over 13 states of India. The basic responsibilities will include the following: Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Work with outside data sources and APIs Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should have 3 Years of experience in making Android appsExpertise in Linux, Java, Python, MySQLShould be well versed with HTML5, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, DjangoAndroid, iOS, Windows, Jason, Restful preferred Company Profile: Unnati The company pioneered the use of mobile phones for payment in India. Their unique product helps in financial inclusion of all customer segments. Globally, the company is the only organization which has the capability to process a secure payment transaction without installing an application on the phone or SIM card. This ubiquitous design has helped the company reach different customer segments. In order to bring in payment services to millions of Indians, the company has partnered with State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank. Currently, it serves over 5 million customers, in 80 towns and cities over 13 states of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details