TITLE: BO / Business Object Consultant - Delhi / NCR

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good Communications skills. Position - Business Objects. JD Design Universes. Development experience in Business Objects including Xcelcius, Explorer, and Webi Utilize the Business Object's SDK with Web Services. Develop universes, Web Intelligence reports and Dashboards. Ability to utilize and configure Query as a Web Service (QAAS).. Maintain existing structure and make decisions for the design to make the appropriate technical decisions for the overall warehouse project. Ability to understand and construct complex select statements. Experience with warehouse concepts and design. Experience in Business Objects migration using Import Wizard, Report Conversion tool, Publishing Wizard, building Universe using Universe Designer, building reports and Business Objects (Web Intelligence), Central Management Server (CMS), Central Management Console (CMC), Central Configuration Manager (CCM), Auditing, Performance Management. Experience in designing Simple, Complex Ad hoc Reports and fine-tuning the reports using Calculations, User Variables, multilevel Breaks, Sorting, Drill, Slice and Dice and Alerts for creating Business Objects reports. Utilize the Business Object's SDK with Web Services. Develop universes, Web Intelligence reports and Dashboards. Ability to utilize and configure Query as a Web Service (QAAS). Maintain existing structure and make decisions for the design to make the appropriate technical decisions for the overall warehouse project. Ability to understand and construct complex select statements. Experience with warehouse concepts and design Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills WebI Universe Designer Web Intelligence Import Wizard CMC XCelsius Bo Business Objects Web Services Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Damco Solutions P. Ltd. Damco is a fast growing IT Solutions and Services provider. Started in 1996, Damco has clients all round the globe and has offices in UK, USA, Luxembourg and Australia apart from its world-class facilities in New Delhi NCR, Chandigarh and Hyderabad, India. Damco provides Onsite Consulting services, Offshore development and testing services. Our array of services includes software development, maintenance, re-engineering, software testing, technical documentation, professional services and data management services. Our core competency lies in the development and maintenance of distributed and enterprise-wide robust applications using the latest technologies. Our vast portfolio of projects covers extensive work in the Internet and Intranet technologies, mission-critical web and enterprise n-tier applications, systems programming and BPO. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details