TITLE: Operations Executive

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Supervision of the entire bottling operations Complying with the golden rule of the group and also local laws and regulations. Replenish inventory of LPG bottling consumables. Co-ordinate with Â logistics to ensure that the indents are serviced in packed segment. Responsible for the implementation and maintenance in bottling operations. Implementation and compliance. Complete responsibility of productivity of the bottling operations. Vehicle turnaround time of the packed segment to be as per the agreed Key Performance Indicators(KPIs). Planning of workmen activity of ship unloading and other activities as per demand. Co-ordination with Logistics for the vehicle availability. 100% reporting of the incident /accident in the prescribed format Overall responsibility of the segregation and storage of the cylinders. Control of consumables in Bottling and ensuring of the KPIs to be met with regards to consumable usage Overall responsibility of up keep of machinery and reduction in down times during production runs and to ensure that preventive maintenance schedule is adhered to. Co-ordinations with maintenance Executive to ensure that the down time of the bottling machinery is minimized and the problems with regards to the equipment are addressed Understanding of Totals golden Safety Rules, Implementation of the same and encouraging/motivating staff/workers reporting to them for implementing the same. Display of Total Attitude in day to day working and encouraging /motivating staff/workers reporting to them for implementing the same. Effective manpower utilization and preventive maintenance of the bottling line equipment to ensure the KPIs are consistently met. To ensure that all QMS documentation updating and implementation of IMS related to the area is complete. Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Supervisor Keyskills Preventive Maintenance Manpower Utilization plant maintenance electrical maintenance Desired Candidate Profile Candidate should be willing to relocate anywhere across India depending on the vacancies or transfers Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, Civil, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Mechanical Company Profile: Total Oil India Pvt Ltd-LPG Division TOTAL is a leading international oil company with activities in more than 150 countries.More than 100,000 employees working world wide.Operations in India include Marketing & Services, Gas & Power, New Energies and Refining & Chemicals. Total India's Technical Center signals our commitment to better energy in the Asia-Pacific region. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details