TITLE: Urgent Hiring for WFM (forecasting & Scheduling) @ Nancy 9811222193

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Objective/Purpose: Responsible for accurately projecting weekly contact demand by channel(s), entitlement, and queue and/or managing the supply accuracy of the headcount for the business and ensuring appropriate staffing levels to handle the anticipated demand. Defines both long-term strategies and ever-changing, short-term, and immediate workforce needs Planning and Organizing: evaluates priorities and priorities appropriately; resolves conflict and communicates intentions clearly; delivers to time and need Strong MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word, combine and analyze multiple data sources (strong comfort level with formatting, formulas, graphs, pivot tables, etc.) in a business environment with large-scale, complex data sets with experience in automation. Experience in WFM - Forecasting Generating and publishing Reports: - Hourly/Daily/Monthly. Preferable experience in Forecasting. Creating reports and template as per process requirement. Forecasting & Scheduling. Manage day-to-day MI reporting. Communicate and coordinate with operations and delivery team. Publishing process performance on KPIs, SLAs and FCR, TAT. Knowledge, Skills, Other Abilities: Knowledge of MS Office and spreadsheet Experience in Automation in MS-Excel Reports Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience with MS Access, SQL Server, would be an added advantage Adaptable to rotating shifts Relevant Experience & Desired Education: Minimum 1 years of experience in WFM/ Forecasting Flexible working in rotational Shift & Weekly Offs JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Education Graduation from an accredited college or university; or a level of education that, together with experience and training, enables the applicant to demonstrate the required knowledge and experience Must have good Communication Skills Must have good analytical and judgmental skills Hiring Profile: WFM and Excel and MIS reporting experience Good Communication skills Verbal & Non Verbal Expert on Microsoft Excel Presentation Skills Computer/ MS Office skills Trend analysis and reporting Critical problem solving and issue resolution Ability to multi-task Ability to Plan and Prioritize Analytical thinking Interested candidates can contact Nancy at 9811222193 or can send your cv at nancy@verticalrecruiters.com Best Regards, Nancy 9811222193 Vertical Recruiters Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Process Flow Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The Vertical Recruiters Recruitment firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details