TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Overview Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle- market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. Were committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America. FAKC (Finance and Accounting Knowledge Center) was set up in 2007 as a part of the CFO Global Delivery strategy to provide offshore delivery to Line of Business and Enterprise Finance functions. The capabilities hosted include Accounts Payable, General Accounting & Reconciliations, Management Reporting & Analysis, Research & Analysis, Financial Transaction Processing, Finance Systems Support and Supply Chain Management. Over the years, the scope of FAKC has been expanded to include operations for other enterprise control functions like Human Resources and Risk and Compliance. Job Description (Overview of Role) Part of Troubled Debt Restructuring Team which broadly strategies and formulate policies under Credit Risk Management. The successful candidate will be required to: Prepare business reports. Understand the impact of the reports and analyze the same. Reports include TDR Determination by identifying Pre Modification and Post Modification attributes of loans, Reconciliation of report from different databases, preparation of TaxModification report which helps in identifying Tax MTM loans for Tax Reserve calculation. Other adhoc activities involve preparation/ creation of various SQL data sets, queries, and automated processes to support business management activities. Significant collaboration with business and key support partners on a daily basis to develop and maintain the existing processes and to support analytics and accounting/ auditing/ regulatory process if required. Responsibilities Analysis through data research i.e. prepare relevant data from various sources, analyze and make recommendations Forecasting, Profitability and/ or Financial analysis Analysis of Revenue, Costs, Portfolio Attention to detail, logical and analytical thought process Above average English speaking/ writing skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Graduate Commerce, Economics Post Graduate M. Com, MBA Finance Prior experience on SQL necessary Desired skill sets Financial Modeling (spreadsheet based) will be a plus Excel (Advanced formulae and macros) will be a plus Prior working knowledge on SAS will be a plus Prior experience of working with business partners or onshore clients/ managers desirable Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details