TITLE: Technical Specialist - (oracle +fusion Middleware ) - Perm - 3179

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of your role The position is for experienced Tech. leads that can Support Oracle Web Centre based Accounts Payable solution amd ensuring services are delivered in line with the defined customer service levels and expectations. The role demands an expert technical lead that has a great in-depth knowledge of the key tools and technologies used in the platform, an attitude of innovation, automation, and doing the right thing The successful candidate will work closely with the Support/Project Manager / business users / Architect and vendor partner for day to day BAU activities and other development project issues and demand. Key Responsibilities Support Accounts Payable application running on Fusion Middleware platform with component like SOA / BPM /BPEL / ADF / OHS / ODC - ODDC /OFR Rapid response to address high severity (severity 1, 2 and 3H) incidents. Pro-active issue detection and resolution as well as service monitoring. Service restoration subsequent to unanticipated outages or disruptions. Driving root cause analysis and resolution to closure. Liaison with other Technical as well as business stakeholders Interact with the customers to understand their problems, provide solutions or workarounds, and at times guide/train them on how to use the application system. Identification of and driving application related service quality improvement. Additional Responsibilities Ensure adherence to change management processes and assist in facilitating the ongoing review and enhancements. Pick up and apply Business knowledge from the Business and other areas of Technology Maintains a high level of functional knowledge and growth within the team Maintain a knowledge bank to improve service and manage risks Look at innovative ways to improve service levels, make systems scalable Suggest improvements in system development process / application areas Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Bpel Accounting Bpm SOA Oracle Fusion Service Quality Change Management Project Management System Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Primarly Skills: Oracle - SOA / BPM / ADF / OSB / ESBFusion Middlewatre - WebCenter Preferable Skills - Oracle - ODDC / OFR / ODCNecessary Skills are 7 - 10 years of total software industry experience with at least 4 years in supporting / implementing Fusion Middleware projects. B.E. / B.Tech / MBA / M.C.A / Any other bachelors Degree. Oracle SOA Technologies (SOA 11g / AIA 3.0 FP / OSB). Extensive experience in Enterprise Application Integrations using Oracle Fusion Middleware products (like Oracle SOA, B2B, BPEL, ESB, OSB and EBS). Extensive experience in solution Implementations, data migrations, Interfaces, conversions, Enhancements of Oracle Applications 11i modules. Expertise with JDeveloper, PL / SQL Developer, Toad, SQL*plus. Good experience with implementing Human Workflow into BPEL orchestration, creating Business Rules, Rule sets, Dictionary of rules and rules Repository. Expertise in developing and deploying BPEL Processes using technology adapters (Oracle Applications, DB Adapter, File Adapter, FTP Adapter), Fault handling (catch and catchall), Messaging and Transformations. Excellent understanding of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with the middleware technologies and BPEL PM for application integration. Good experience with Web Services, XML, XSL, XSLT, XPATH, WSDL, Java. Good working knowledge in Oracle Service Bus, Business Activity Monitor (BAM). Experience of managing 3rd party suppliers and multi team complex projects. Self-motivated, self-starter, team-player. Proven ability to work well under pressure and in a team environment Ability and experience to apply new skills / additional information acquired in relation to role Ability to prioritise own activities, work under pressure. Team player with commitment to achieve team goals Motivated, flexible and with a can do approach Delivery and results focusedPreferable Skills are Experience in integrating UCM / IPM with Oracle Document Capture / ODDC and OFR. Understanding of AP / AR / GL processes. Knowledge on Identity & Access Management integrations (Novell or others) Knowledge on WebLogic / OHS administration. Company Profile: FIL India Business Services Pvt. Ltd FIL India Business Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details