TITLE: Product Champion

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : The Product Champion is the face of the Imaging Subsystems to the modalities such as CT & DGS, and Service. Owns the product performance with respect to field & factory failures, reliability, cost & regulatory sustenance. Essential Responsibilities : 1. Overall responsibility for the cross-functional (engineering, QA, RA, supply chain, service, etc) product and program success 2. Works very closely with customers to solicit product feedback to meet product quality and customer expectations 3. Creates and ensures effective and efficient communication across business functions; motivates and energizes the team through leadership 4. Works with the NPI, AME & operations Team to ensure smooth introduction of products into Installed base at the right quality & cost 5. Solves complex and ambiguous problems leading the strategic and forward-thinking cross-functional program execution including (but not limited to) concept discussion, program execution, supply chain integration into production and product field delivery 6. Understands and openly supports excellence for all functions within the product program 7. Provides mentoring and coaching to develop cross-functional project leadership talent. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills project leadership program management business planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Biomedical, Computers, Mechanical, Electrical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements: 1. Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Mechanical, Electrical or Biomedical Engineering or equivalent (defined as a High School Diploma/GED and 4 years relevant work experience)2. 5 years relevant project leadership experience or project leadership within manufacturing, development, technical industry, service or research environment3. Demonstrated leadership of cross-functional project teams and an ability to drive project design plans to completion satisfying quality, performance, schedule and budget4. Familiarity with ISO, FDA and other regulatory standards5. Demonstrated understanding of cross-functional needs and interdependencies to successfully deliver a product programDesired Characteristics :1. Demonstrated experience driving variable cost productivity (VCP) and Inventory Carrying Value (ICV) reduction2. Masters degree in Engineering or equivalent (defined as 12 years progressive experience within engineering, science, or related field, including 6 years project leadership experience within manufacturing, development, or research development)3. Strategic planner and thinker with ability to drive change across the segment products4. Sound technical and domain experience in at least one functional technology area5. Strong written and oral communication skills6. Excellent knowledge in engineering, program management and business planning processes having experience with the full product lifecycle8. Self-starter, energizing, results oriented, and able to multi-task9. Demonstrated problem solving ability and results orientation Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details