TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities -Write at least one server side language at a high level. - Be able to write modern, standards compliant PHP. - Understand at least one MVC framework. - Understand the fundamentals of REST. - Review and interpret business requirements. - Collaborate with other engineers, designers, and business analysts. - Understand virtualization and have experience with some flavor of VirtualBox, Vagrant, Docker etc. - Design, build and maintain databases. - Know your way around a server; basic web server configuration, cron management, package management (apt or similar) and other housekeeping. - Understand GIT and adhere to a workflow -Create, test and deploy new web projects - Maintenance and repair work on existing projects - Code review of external partners - Writing unit and acceptance tests as well as technical documentation - Minimal CSS fixes and design work - Communicate and liaise with key business stakeholders -Build beautiful and scalable products and be an expert in the frontend domain - Build high-performance, maintainable user interfaces using the latest web technologies - Advocate for modern development practices and tools - Writing unit and acceptance tests as well as technical documentation -Design and implement new user-facing features in large, complex mobile applications. - Optimize mobile applications on the iOS platform. - Develop prototypes quickly. - Create and deliver data-driven reports - Maintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects - Conduct systems specifications and system test plans - Construct quality applications using mobile programming (iOS) - Scope works from written specifications and pre-established - Enhance existing systems by analysing business objectives, preparing an action plan and identifying areas for modification and improvement Salary: Negotiable Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills PHP MVC Framework CSS GIT Web Technologies Mobile Applications Front End Web Server Software Engineering Code Review Desired Candidate Profile -Were great at Linux and basic shell scripting.- Knew a thing or two about Laravel 4 and 5.- Really knew your way around MySQL and PostgreSQL.- Knew a little about cloud computing, Amazon a bonus.- Had a working knowledge of JQuery and at least one additional JS framework/library- Knew a little bit about task runners and contribute to Front End workflows (Gulp, NPM, Grunt, Docker, VMs, etc.)-3+ years of professional experience in successful web development- Relevant degree in software engineering / IT- Strong knowledge of PHP, PHPUnit and at least one MVC frameworks like Laravel- Good understanding of REST API Design / Swagger- Good understanding of task runners/build tools (grunt/gulp, bower/npm)- Experience with DevOps version control/continuous integration (git/github/jenkins) and Unix/Linux- Knowledge of NodeJS/Go, frontend technologies (HTML, JS, CSS) or web frameworks like AngularJS 2 or ReactJS- Familiarity with standard technologies such as JSON/REST, SQL, GIT, NGINX/Apache, Linux and command line (Debian/Ubuntu)- Good communication skills and fluency in English - Ability to work independently on tasks but act as a team member within an agile environment- 3+ years of professional experience in successful web development- Relevant degree in software engineering / IT- Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS (SASS/LESS), JS and one of the JS frameworks like AngularJS 2, ReactJS, Ember- Deep understanding of Single Page Application concepts, responsive design- Familiarity with JavaScript unit testing frameworks, JSON, RESTful API invocations and ES6 standards is required- Working knowledge of application security, code quality best practice and JS performance- Good understanding of task runners/build tools (grunt/gulp, bower/npm)- Experience with version control/continuous integration (git/github/jenkins) and Unix/Linux- Good communication skills and fluency in English - Ability to work independently on tasks but act as a team member within an agile-BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.- Minimum 2 years of experience in Objective-C or Swift using iOS or OS X frameworks.- Software development experience Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.- Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, or Swift.- Comfortable with Objective-C or Swift and have extensive knowledge of iOS development techniques and practices.- Knowledge of the iOS SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.- Interest and ability to learn other programming languages as needed. Education- UG: B.Sc - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: IYUNO Media Group IYUNO is one of world's leading media localization and access service company. While the key of IYUNO's business is to support the language subtitling, dubbing and captioning of key global media companies, IYUNO is growing at more than 100% every year with strong competence in combining innovative technology development to its services to outcompete its competitors. The TV industry is facing a major change such as the one we've seen in the phone industry a few years ago when smartphones first came out. People are no longer watching linear TV but rapidly moving over to a mobile, on-demand based platform where the variety of contents are much wider than ever before - hence the media localization market has been demanding unbearable volume of work in the past few years. In such a fast changing environment, the traditional subtitling companies that use offline subtitling S/Ws to do work and merely relying on human efforts to control quality have been losing their positions and innovative companies like IYUNO have been rising within the industry. IYUNO's cloud based subtitle editor embeds hundreds of different automatic quality control parameters that often happen during human subtitling and ensures quality outputs for massive volumes of subtitling work demanded by many new Internet based media platforms arising these days. It's collaborative fast turnaround platform combines hundreds of resources to a single project simultaneously over the Internet to enable world's fastest full quality subtitle turnaround at 4 hours or less. IYUNO's new deep learning approach for quality control is enabling an preemptive quality control approach rather than adding an automatic QC parameter after an incident has occurred. IYUNO's world's first professional subtitle marketplace complements our core premium services and enables other vendors around the world to meet with clients that are demanding services that IYUNO is not capable of undertaking but at the same time utilizing IYUNO's strong technology and experience to ensure quality and efficient output. IYUNO believes that media localization is now transforming from a labor-intensive 1.0 industry into a technology-intensive 2.0. We are converting ourselves into a core engineering company where technology efficiency and control can enhance the massive volume this market is demanding. IYUNO seeks to offer an end-to-end media service solution where clients can rely on IYUNO's technologies to be able to ensure a quality and safe delivery into all kinds of media platforms based on various countries in the world, with the right transcode profiles and technically compliant subtitles to service global audience. IYUNO seeks to start this approach by building a core R&D center in Bangalore, India where our CTO will base himself to involve in the hire of highly competitive software engineers and carrying out various engineering projects that will help the company move towards our goal. Also the resources hired will clearly be positioned to move on to more senior roles to travel to IYUNO's global offices currently located in 11 countries (and expanding) to involve in on-site projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details