TITLE: Manager Social Audits , Inspections & Certifications (location -gurgao

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We have an urgent opening for the post ofÂ Manager Social audits , Inspections & Certifications (Location Gurgaon). Please find below job details. Location : Gurgaon. The Job Role and Responsibilities The primary responsibilities would be : To have in-depth knowledge of all three areas i.e. Social audits , Inspections and certifications business in Textile and consumer Industry. To get necessary approvals /accreditations from standard overseas bodies for Texanlab for SA8000 , BRC , WRAP , ISO 9000 , ISO 14000 , ISO 17020 etc. To do audits and inspections himself in the initial phase before teams are set up or enough business to hire more resources To set up quality manuals , procedures , systems for audits , Inspections and certifications Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken. Process orders, forms and applications. Follow up to ensure that appropriate actions were taken on customers' requests. Refer unresolved customer grievances or special requests to designated departments for further investigation. Competencies and Skills Required Manager CIS plays a critical role in providing an interface between clients and standard bodies . We look for candidates who have In depth knowledge and hands on experience in all three areas like Social audits , Inspections and certifications, good communications skills, interpersonal skills and can handle stress well. Educational Requirements. SA 8000 certificated auditor Minimum +10 years of experience Preferred worked with a third party in the past Local language knowledge If Interested kindly share your resume on aditi@jobsearchindia.in Thanks & Regards, Aditi Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search The company has been at the forefront in offering Testing Services to the Textile Industry (Garments, Fabrics, Yarn and Textile Auxiliaries) for major International Standards in Europe , America , Asia & Middle East. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details