TITLE: Center of Excellence- Pharmaceuticals Industry

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Working with COE- Pharma Practice Extending and managing COEs portfolio of industry solutions through working with Sales and delivery teams. Positioning of solutions, offerings to customers. Demo, POCs, Workshop to prospects, customers and partners Contribute in building brand, innovative application of our technology, establishing competitive advantage, active contribution in social media through blogs, webinars, And White papers etc. Functional scoping of complex RFPs, RFIs & opportunities Preparing scope-of-work, and proof-of-concept. Estimations and Proposal creation Making functional and technical presentations to the clients, partners, SIs and Analysts Enable the sales and presales in expanding the Market / Geo / Vertical Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Sales RFIS Demo Solutions RFPS COE Pharmaceuticals Pharma Business Analytics Presales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Experience in Pharma Domain.Â Engineering / MBA Graduate having 4-6 years of experience inÂ the areas like Presales, Delivery, consultancy etc. around enterprise software in Pharma/ manufacturing/ regulatory submissions/ CSV (Computer system validation)/ QMS (quality management system) Experience in customer interactions in any roles like implementation/consulting/ pre-sales. Experience in working as part of IT team of leading Pharmaceutical company / Pharma practice team of leading System Integrators or Presales/ delivery around Pharma projects in leading ECM product vendors.Strong communication and inter-personal skills. Motivated self-starter with the ability to learn and adapt, expertise and passion for consumer technologies. Preferred skills Â a. Experience on Enterprise Content Management (ECM) & Business Process Management (BPM) technology. Â b. Experience in Pre sales/delivery around Pharma projects in leading ECM product vendors Company Profile: Newgen Software Technologies Ltd. Newgen Software is a leading global provider of Business Process Management (BPM), Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Customer Communication Management (CCM), Document Management System (DMS), Workflow and Process Automation software. The company has a global footprint of 1300+ installations in over 61 countries with large, mission-critical solutions that have been deployed at the world's leading Banks, Insurance firms, BPO's, Healthcare Organizations, Government, Telecom Companies & Shared Service Centers. The company has been recognized by distinguished analyst firms including Gartner, Forrester, Frost and Sullivan, and IDC. It has been positioned in the Magic Quadrants for Intelligent Business Process Management (iBPM), Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Customer Communication Management (CCM) and BPM-Platform-Based Case Management frameworks. Assessed at CMMi Level3, Newgen is certified as ISO 9001:2008 for Quality Management System and ISO 27001:2005 for Information Security Management System. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details