TITLE: Retail Outlet Manager (1-4 Years Experience)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Providing the customer support at the outlets. Handling customer queries and providing proper services Allotment of the tasks to the ground staff and ensuring the minimum TAT. Achieving the assigned sales/service targets.Â Allotment of the tasks to the ground staff technicians as and when Required Salary: As per Industry Norms. Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Retail Store Manager Keyskills Retail Outlet Sales Customer Support Handling Customer Queries Ground Staff Activities Operations Target oriented excellent communication skills fresher graduates Desired Candidate Profile Knowledge of working in customer support operations preferably inÂ automobile industry.Multitasking,relationship management with customers.Well groomed,presentable and disciplinedExcellent communication skills.Should be passionate about cars Female would be Preferred for Ghaziabad Location.Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Marketing, M.Tech - Automobile, Mechanical, M.A, M.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: CAR LAUNDRY AUTO SERVICES OPC PRIVATE LIMITED The Car Laundry started in 2012 as an innovative concept in professional car cleaning and detailing services and products, with a motto to 'Revolutionizing Your Car Washing Experience. In a short span of three years, we are proud to have twelve franchisees of 'The Car Laundry' nationally along with 20 distributors in various states, with a brand presence across 100 cities of India. This was possible due to our constant focus on growing ourselves into a dynamic organization and giving that attention to detail we want to see in our own cars during cleaning and detailing. We manufacture our products with highest emphasis on quality to meet international standards and we want to make sure our customers fall in love with their cars, every time they see it coming back from 'The Car Laundry'. Be it our corporate tie-ups with some of the prestigious brands to cater to their needs, or our car care services to our regular customers, we make sure that no stones are left unturned in providing them with the best in class services and products. After all, 'Revolutionizing car washing experience' is what 'The Car Laundry', is all about. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details