TITLE: Channel Support

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this airtel Job Description ( D eliverables , D ecision level , D emonstrate & D imensions ) Job Title: Assistant Manager Job Level: A. M. Function: Finance Location : Delhi Circle Reporting to : Head - Channel Accounting Purpose of the Job 1) To Ensure timely payouts to Prepaid and Postpaid Channel partners , answer channel partner and Sales team queries related to payouts, leading to Channel Satisfaction. 2) To Control and Audit Own retail Stores Cash and Inventory. 3) Proper Accounting , Audits , Validation of Channel Commissions. D eliverables (Maximum 5- 6 key responsibilities) 1) Validate and Ensure timely Postpaid and prepaid Payouts 2) Monthly Closing of Books including provisioning and Payouts of Channel Commissions , AR Ledger. 3) Coordination with ACE Bangalore for Data requirements for prepaid channel payouts. 4) Coordination with ACE and Sales Team for Prepaid Billing. 5) Ensure Cash is deposited on daily basis without any gaps by OR Stores. Liaison with ACE and OR Stores on DCRs and ensure their accuracy. 6) Site Sharing accounting. 7) Getting Statutory and Internal Audits done. 8) Guiding team and providing solution to problems. 9) Possess good subject knowledge. Major Challenges : Needs to ensure payouts made as per GAC. To ensure timely address of channel partner concerns and queries . Large volume of data handling and quick decisions which will have impact on expenses & financials Coordination with Marketing, Distribution , ACE for effective and efficient reporting D ecision level Prime: 1) 2) Shared: 1) 2) Contributory: Makes a major contribution to a decision or policy judgment reached by others 1) 2) D emostrate (Key competencies) - Leadership qualities - Enterprising and entrepreneurial - Teamwork and collaboration - Results orientation - Analytical and problems Solving - Networking and inter- personal skills - Consulting, Facilitation and Selling skills Educational Level Must have: Bachelor Degree of Commerce Working Experience Must have: At least 5 years of accounting and finance work experience . D imensions Impact of position on : i) Revenue ii) Budget Impact on customers : i) Type of customers Mainly Internal Mainly External Fair mix of Internal & External No. of Subordinates : i) Direct ii) Indirect Approvals Reporting Manager Functional Head Business HR C&B Attach Organisation structur Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details