TITLE: Sr.officer - Customer Support

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Order processing and verification 2. Service levels 3. Follow up and Coordination 4. Payment and Collection 5. MIS 6. Safety Job Description 1. Processing Sales and Service Orders in the system as per the time lines and ensuring maintenance of service level agreements. 2. Processing of orders as per the SOPs and as per various discount schemes prevalent. 3. Checking sanctions for discounts above normal and keeping track of orders booked against the sanctions received. 4. Knowledge of statutory compliances like VAT, WCT, Excise Duty and Service tax. 5. Review of exception report on price/ realization of all BaaN companies to be taken up every month & study for discrepancies. 6. Follow up with the businesses, logistics team and HO for availability of stock, indent mismatch, credit limits, tracking of pending 'C' forms, etc. 7. Coordinating with customers / Dealers for order fulfillment and PODs (Proof of delivery) 8. Coordinating for product replacement as per PRA (Product replacement approval) Process. 9. Closing of Audit queries related to order processing. 10. Verifying transporter bills. 11. Handling of WDs queries regarding billing/ settlement of claims / cheques utilization etc. and interface for the Wholesale Dealers (WDs) with Sales/ Service/ Logistics & Accounts teams. 12. Training WD- s Sales Service on various subsystems like WBDS (Web based dealer system) 13. Generating customized MIS to serve all businesses. 14. Monitoring and improving work method and back office productivity 15. Hazard identification and taking corrective action as per the safety norms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Godrej Industries Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details