TITLE: Urgent Opening-sales Professionals-real Estate-gurgaon

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Company Name:- Investors Clinic Infratech Pvt. Ltd. Location:- Â Gurgaon Department:-Sales and Marketing. Position: Business Development Executive, Senior Business Development Executive, Assistant Manager, Manager - Sales & Marketing. ( Depending Upon Experience ) Experience : 1-10 yrs Salary : 2-6 lacs p.a + Huge Incentives + bonus+ promotion+perks rewards JOB DESCRIPTIONÂ Responsible for generating sales with existing customers and developing opportunities with new customers within assigned territory. Schedule and conduct weekly sales meetings and achieving targets Liaising between customers and the company for up-to-date status of service, pricing and new product release launches. Report on sales activities to top management. Reaching the targets and goals set for your area. Establishing, maintaining and expanding your customer base. Increasing business opportunities through various routes to market. Setting sales targets for individual reps and your team as a whole. Developing sales strategies and setting targets. Monitoring your team's performance and motivating them to reach targets. Compiling and analyzing sales figures. Possibly dealing with some major customer accounts yourself. Collecting customer feedback and market research. Keeping up to date with products and competitors. Conveyance is a must. Hands on experience in B2C sales. Industry: ANY Freshers can also apply. Interested candidates can share their resume at bansal.anchalhr@gmail.com or call at 9711497900 Regards, Anchal Bansal Human Resource Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Investors Clinic Infratech Pvt ltd INVESTORS CLINIC is an ISO 9001:2000 certified company serving all over the globe.It's our efficient and effective solution that has given us domestic and global giants as satisfied clients. Investors Clinic has earned a strong reputation in the real estate industry as we strongly work for the satisfaction of our customers.We have catered to numerous national and international clients belonging to various business domains. As a real estate company we have been redefining the standards of real estate and with our years of experience, we offer a wide range of services to fulfil our client's need. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details