TITLE: CB - Business Analyst - Team Leader

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position provides integral support to the Middle Market Banking & Specialized Industries (MMBSI) Finance team. The role interfaces with MMBSI Finance Planning & Analysis (P&A) to generate monthly and quarterly financial reports utilized by P&A and MMBSI Segment Finance staff. Responsibilities include: Download data from the general ledger and T&E systems to generate detailed expense reports. Utilize macros to create standard income statements in Essbase for all the MMBSI top organizational levels (segments, regions, etc.). Run Access queries with client data to generate monthly Specialized Industries income statements. Filter Excel client data to customize product by client reports for MMBSI segments and industries. Generate various Excel based reports that provide management with information on lending trends and details, Treasury Service profitability, monthly and quarterly segment profitability and several other key measures. Take responsibility for the quality of work submitted and ensure that the highest standards are upheld. Maintain written procedures as necessary. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills service english treasury lending interfaces macros standards procedures general ledger reports Desired Candidate Profile Bachelors degree in finance or accounting preferred. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills. In-depth knowledge of Excel, Essbase and Access is required. PowerPoint experience is a plus Ability to act on his / her own to solve problems and make decisions. Ability to interact effectively with various levels of bank personnel. Strong interpersonal and customer focus. Strong control and quality management skills; accuracy and attention to detail is vital. Ability to work with limited supervision, receiving minimum instructions on new assignments. Ability to work in a team environment and flexible to work some later hours. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details