TITLE: Lab Engineer - R&D

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Desired Profile - Execution of product/ prototype testing in mechanical testing lab as per the laid down SOP/ WI, Protocols. - Planning of tests in case of multiple projects running simultaneously. - Preparing specimens and samples. - Preparing the test equipment setup. - Understanding of the SOP/ WI, test Protocols. / Reports. - Record, interpret, analyze & compile data and sometimes interpreting results to present to senior colleagues. - Operate and maintain test equipment as per the requirements. - Keeps equipment operating by following operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns; maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs. - Maintain equipment's calibration (both internal / external) - Preparing the equipment's work instructions / SOP's. - Participate in root cause investigation exercise. - Following and ensuring strict safety procedures and safety checks. - Plan experiments and coordinate trials in internal and external labs. - Assist project teams in establishing specifications and quality standards. - Enhances laboratory and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. - Maintain the GLP, GDP and 5S in the lab. - Carrying out other routine tasks as assigned by the supervisor. Preferred Profile - Support R&D engineers in assembling prototypes/ products for testing. - Read and understand the mechanical drawings. - Explore and develop the mechanical fixtures required to conduct the test. Basic Qualifications: - Diploma in Mechanical Engineering with experience of 3- 4 years in Medical device/ Automobile/ Pharma sector Or BSc (Pharmacy) with experience of 4- 5 years in medical device sector Laboratory. - Working knowledge of Microsoft software (Excel, Word, PPT) . Preferred Qualifications: - Knowledge of testing equipment like Instron, Smart Scope Vision System, Burst Testing, Metrology Equipment's. - Assemble, kitting prototypes/ products under the direction of engineering - Manufacturing Lab / Product Development Lab experience. - Good communication Skills. - Understanding of ISO 13485, ASTM Standards and other test standards. Boston Scientific Corporation Confidential and Proprietary. May not be copied or reproduced outside of Boston Scientific without permission from Human Resources. Users of this printed copy must verify that this document is current. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Lab Technician/Medical Technician/Lab Staff Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Scientific Boston Scientific Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details