TITLE: AVP - SAS Analytics - Banking & Credit Card Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Define and drive Marketing Analytics strategic roadmap for Banking, Retail, Technology and other industries. - Assisting in delivering well organized reports, advanced dashboards making use of new age tools and technologies. - Slicing and dicing data to help extract and identify actionable marketing insights, revenue opportunities and cost-savings. - Communicate effectively with client and document understanding and action items from meetings. - Helping and supporting Pre-sales and business development - Ensure error-free and high-quality outputs to the client/manager. - Documents work effectively to ensure that the manager/client are comfortable with both work-in process and end deliverables. - Actively gathers and shares domain related knowledge across all vertical functions Requirements: - Masters in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, MBA (Finance/Marketing), B-Tech, B.E with 9-10years of experience in any of the following analytics horizontal functions : marketing, sales, supply chain, operations, - Strong statistical background with hands on experience in: Logistic and Linear Regression, Clustering and Segmentation, Time Series forecasting, Exploratory Data Analysis. - Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem solving skills - Proficiency in one or more of the following tools, SAS, SQL, R, and SPSS. - Experience with dashboard development, standard reporting, automation, performance management using reporting tools such as Tableau, Qlikview, or MS Excel VBA. - Strong communication skills with the ability and desire collaborate with key business and marketing stakeholders and constituents, including other Marketing Analytics Managers - Advanced proficiency with MS Excel and MS PowerPoint - Excellent verbal and written communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM - Analytics & BI Keyskills SAS SQL Marketing Analytics Business Development Strategy Segmentation SAS Analytics Head Analytics SAS SQL R SPSS Data Analysis Linear Regression Clustering Credit Card Analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Statistics, Maths, M.A - Economics, Maths, Statistics, MBA/PGDM - Finance, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Ewyn Services Pvt. Ltd Leading client of Ewyn Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details