TITLE: Opportunity for Analytics Experts.. Big 4 (gurgaon)

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear All, we have an critical opening with one of the Big 4 based in Gurgaon into Analytical role. Please find attached the Job description hereby; Designation : Consultant/ Sr. Consultant Experience : 1-6 years Location : Gurgaon Qualification : B.Tech./ MSc (Eco/Stats) or other equivalent degree from Tier 1 colleges Skills; - SAS (Mandatory) - Hands-on experience in Statistical Modelling: CHAID, CART, Logistic Regression, Time Series Forecasting (Preferred) - SQL/R/SPSS - Sectors: Any, FS & Telecom (Preferred) Roles n responsibilities: 1 Align with Client business objectives to develop value added analytical solutions. 2 Understand and analyse Client Business Objective/Problem, develop solution approaches and advise the client on incremental value and potential limitations of each solution approach. 3 Use statistical methodologies (Linear regression/logistic regression, decision trees, clustering etc.) and data handling tools (SAS/R/SPSS) to build solutions. 4 Groom junior team members on Technical, Client Handling and Project management skills. 5 Help in firm wide intitiatives on Recruitment, Business Development and Capability Development. Interested Candidates can send across their cv's on : apurva@mounttalent.com Thanks & Best, Apurva Koul 9818588837 Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for right candidate Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mount Talent consulting MTC Mount Talent Consulting, an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Training's & Assessments & Consulting. MTC started operations in 2007 with a vision to set new benchmarks while delivering on niche turnkey assignments in the industry. With time we have evolved to cater to a diverse set of clients spread across different geographies. We constantly strive to maximize our client's ROI (Return on Investment) and work on increasing the top line (Revenue) of the client's business by delivering the best. MTC has reached out to an array of clients with functions such as Recruitment's, Consulting & Knowledge Services through its team of young & dynamic professionals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details