TITLE: Ios Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this OxigenWallet is looking for Mobile Architect to drive research initiatives in the mobile payments category. In this position you'll be defining everything from the architecture, APIs, enabling user experiences throughout the life cycle of the product. Working on cutting edge technologies, conducting research and taking ideas to proof-of-concept apps and presenting it to CXOs is the key. Working knowledge of application frameworks, wireless-networking specifications such as Bluetooth and BLE, mobile payments, mobile application and operating system security is required. Deep experience with Objective C, C++/C and Java are required. Experience with AWS, Azure and cloud services would be preferred. You'll perform roles of an architect and developer and be well versed and hands on with the latest iOS SDK, providing implementation guidance to the team, participating in code reviews, as well as working with the team in implementation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills ios xcode Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. Bachelor's or Master's in Computer Science or related fields2. Demonstrated interest in learning new technologies in wearable computing.3. Strong experience in building and publishing commercial iPhone, iPad applications and/or Android applications.4. Total Experience required 8- 15 yrs 5. Relevant Experience at least 5+yrs in IOS6. Extensive experience developing in Objective-C.7. Operating Systems: Mac OS X and iOS.8. Programmer Tools: Xcode, Instruments, and Git.9. Other nice to know tools include Photoshop and other image editors.10. Experience with JSON, XML, JavaScript, and interfacing iPhone/iPad applications to server side APIs.11. Solid grasp of algorithms, memory management, object oriented programming, MVC programming, and concurrent programming. Company Profile: Oxigen Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. Oxigen Wallet (OW) is a mobile payments company that allows users to send and receive money through different channels like Facebook, WhatsApp, pay for utility services and shop at online & offline merchants. OW is India's first mobile wallet to be live on IMPS (Immediate Payment Service) platform of the NPCI, which enables 24X7 instant money transfer to any bank account in India. But we are not stopping here - we plan to revolutionize mobile payments in India and we need rockstars to join us in realizing that vision! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details