TITLE: Executive Assistant

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Executive Assistant Noida, India Position: Executive Assistant to MD Reporting: Managing Director India operations RMS lead an industry that we helped to pioneercatastrophe risk modelingand are the innovators of the RMS (one) platform, which is transforming the world's understanding and quantification of risk through open, real- time exposure and risk management. More than 400 insurers, reinsurers, trading companies, and other financial institutions trust RMS models and SaaS solutions to better understand and manage the risks of natural and human- made catastrophes, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, terrorism, and pandemics. We think about the unthinkable, enabling the management of even the most extreme events. Our scientific and objective measurement of risk facilitates the efficient flow of capital needed to insure, manage, and ultimately mitigate these risks to reduce the consequences of disasters, promoting resilient societies and a sustainable global economy. The Opportunity: We are looking for an experienced Executive Assistant who is highly skilled at partnering with India Managing Director at RMS. You can manage yourself with very limited supervision and take initiative to move forward with self- directed planning. You are able to optimize an executives work style, preferences and pace to maximize efficiency and effectiveness. You are able to navigate conflicting and changing priorities with grace. You possess a keen intuition and the ability to anticipate issues and needs before they arise, analyzing ambiguous situations and solving problems promptly. You make an impression as a mature individual with exceptional communication and organizational skills. You have earned the trust, respect and confidence of those you support, and are viewed as a valued partner who will proactively and independently collaborate with the executive on a wide variety of complex issues. You enjoy the challenges and rewards of working for a global, high growth, entrepreneurial company and have a genuine interest in doing whatever it takes to make the company successful. &; Deliver confidential administrative support to the managing director, at all times exercising diplomacy and discretion and communicating effectively and professionally. &; Perform duties that may be administrative and project- based in nature which include, but are not limited to, scheduling travel, arranging meetings, handling information requests, conference calls, invitations and interviews, preparing reports and correspondence, conducting special projects, and liaising with Managing Director. &; Effectively manage, prioritize and optimize the managing directors time, calendar and deliverables, ensuring that urgent and priority matters are communicated in a timely and effective manner. &; Plan travel efficiently and cost effectively and respond to rapidly changing needs. &; Provide staff support, including scheduling, event planning, agenda planning, and tracking deliverables and decisions. &; Organize and project- manage the administrative support for managing director, ensure meeting schedules, agendas, communications, material preparation, dinner arrangements, travel and post- meeting actions are completed smoothly. &; Assist in presentations and co- ordinate with the team, manage cross - functional teams to ensure timeliness are met, prepare necessary formats to capture relevant data, compile and present it to the managing director. &; Handle special requests, and field general queries from managing director. &; Promote the corporate image by professionally representing the managing director both internally and externally. Administrative Leadership: &; Develop and maintain positive working relationships with staff, internal departments and outside parties, including high- level contacts of a sensitive nature. &; Serve as a role model and advocate for continuous improvement in administrative processes and capabilities. Qualifications Inter- Personal skills required: &; You should have 5 or more years of comparable experience providing administrative and logistical support to a senior executive (strictly VP level above) . &; Experience in project management, event planning, and leadership to deliver high quality results. &; Proven ability to perform in a high- energy, demanding, sometimes ambiguous, environment. &; Highly effective in a global workplace, sensitive to cultural nuances, able to work across time zones. &; Can operate independently with limited or no supervision; flexible and adaptable at all times. &; Exceptional professionalism, communication and interpersonal skills; well- honed influencing and negotiating skills. &; Customer centric with strong client service orientation. &; Demonstrated ability to organize own work; coordinate projects; set priorities, meet deadlines and follow up on assignments with minimal direction. &; Solid business acumen; creative and analytical mindset; able to comprehend near term and long term objectives. &; Tech savvy, with expert knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) and the ability to handle complex and extensive scheduling. &; Team player, with the highest personal integrity and ethics. &; Available and easily accessible to the managing director during established office hours, and via phone and email beyond normal business hours. &; Bachelors degree is strongly preferred, however, experience is most important and looking for candidates that are very bright and results focused. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Secretary/PA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Risk Management Solutions, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details