TITLE: Product Sourcing Leader

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose: The Product Sourcing Leader is responsible for managing and directing all sourcing activities as related to assigned product segment(s). Key interface between segment and global sourcing to ensure strategies and needs are represented. Scope is segment based, and includes all suppliers and production with the segment portfolio. Essential Responsibilities : Key responsibilities: Key team member in a cross-functional segment team responsible for the interfacing and global owner between Development teams and the Global Operations organization, including leading the key deliverables for sourcing segment for the total product life cycle (NPI & Installed Base). Key focal point for all Supply Chain issues pertaining to NPI installed base component obsolesce and quality, including manage NPI deliverables required to establish an optimal supply chain focused on strategic suppliers with a strategy to achieve target product ICVs for assigned segment. Champion sourcing initiatives early in NPI process to ensure excellence in supplier selection, components, and platform specification including the selection of strategic suppliers and simplification and meeting target costs/management of ICV and variance targets. Integrate the Engineering, Production, and Sourcing objectives in the execution of assigned segment including promoting standardization across programs for supplied product and champion sourcing initiatives early in the NPI process (including supplier P&E), and to ensure excellence in supplier selection and component and platform specification driving supplier capability measurements for assigned programs. Collaborate with engineering to ensure technology match occurs between supply partners and engineering & manufacturings to ensure capable product and factory fulfillment requirements are met. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Global Sourcing Production Engineering Supplier Selection Supply Chain Product Sourcing Install Base Target Achievement sourcing Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements : Bachelors Degree in Engineering or technical related field. 5 plus years experience in manufacturing engineering, sourcing or engineering. 3 years work experience technical depth/knowledge in assigned segment. Proficiency with Microsoft Excel spreadsheets development and analysis. Willing to travel domestically and internationally up to 25% of time.Quality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required4. Knowledge and understanding of GEHC Purchasing Controls Procedure and associated Work Instructions and operates within them to ensure that all purchased product and services conform to specified requirements.5. Develop and maintaining of fully qualified and compliant supply base.Qualifications:1. Bachelors Degree in Engineering or technical discipline, or a Bachelors degree with 5 years work experience in sourcing or procurement or 9 years work experience in sourcing or procurement.2. 3 years work experience with technical depth/knowledge in assigned commodities, or 3 years of Commercial Sourcing, Supply Chain or Engineering experience3. Willing to travel domestically and internationally up to 25% of timePreferred Qualifications:1. Bachelors Degree in Engineering2. Minimum of 7 years of commercial sourcing experience in all facets of the assigned commodities3. Excellent negotiations skills and analytical skills with the ability to manage and develop supplier relationships4. Ability to energize, develop and build rapport at all levels within an organization5. Proven ability to execute and deliver on commitments6. Experience implementing a compliant supply chain7. Greenbelt certification preferredDesired Characteristics: Working experience with development and production with Medical Devices. Practical experience in balancing and optimizing engineering process rigor with product delivery priorities. Excellent program/project management experience with the ability to develop and execute on integrated program plans. Effective problem solving ability to lead and influence others (cross-functionally and globally). Demonstrate strong execution skills and ability to drive change globally. Experience with eNPI, ePDM and Oracle systems. MBA or Master Degree in Technical field. Certified Green Belt. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details