TITLE: CPA Leader - Government Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : This role manages CPA Accounts for GE Healthcare India with a focus on selling to the Government entities. The role will drive engagement with the government entities for CPA Accounts and engaging with the different modalities and product line internally, as also engage with Regional Mangers for seamless execution and AR collection. This role proactively defines & implements sales strategy for CPA Accounts. Essential Responsibilities : Defines the strategy for CPA Accounts in India Manage overall Sales revenue, margin, and orders goals for CPA in a manner that fulfills business goals, and maintain focus on high impact. Demonstrate the ability to generate business opportunities that leverage GEHC in the market place Drives and implement business initiatives to trigger Growth Effectively utilize key industry information and market knowledge to gain competitive advantage in market place. Build long term relationship with government customers; provide leadership and direction in crucial customers interface. Strengthen GEHC external image with luminaries In conjunction with local teams, builds a working environment which values teamwork to the overall benefit of customer satisfaction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills marketing sales Sales Strategy Sales Planning sales management Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements :6+ years of successful sales/marketing related leadership experience 2. Minimum of 3years in healthcare industry 3. Willingness and ability to travel 4. Strong management skills and capability to develop talents 5. Strongly compliance drivenQuality Specific Goals: 1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position. 2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines. 3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as requiredDesired Characteristics :Preferred QualificationsStrong business acumen, financial and organizational knowledgeTechnical competency in using financial reporting toolsTechnical knowledge of the GEHC industryAbility to influence and collaborate with senior level management teamAbility to engage with and deliver GE value proposition to senior level contacts within account and/or prospect organizationsAbility to negotiate complex and strategic contractsAdaptable and flexible to work environment including, but not limited to, handling multiple tasks concurrently, and easily adapting to new assignments, system, tools -- produce clear, concise, accurate written communication, clearly conveying thoughts and ideas to peers, management, and customers -- establish and maintain positive work relationships with peers, management, and customers displaying willingness to understand diverse points of view -- learn and apply new initiatives to account plans and strategy.Knowledge and experience of large complex sales and marketing processesProven track record of sales success and sales team rigor. Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details