TITLE: Manager - CSR Partnerships and Resource Mobilization

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying list of potential CSR partners and donors for development projects managed by IPE Global. Undertaking research and building contacts with potential Government/ Corporate/ PSUs and Institutional Donor organizations to raise funds for the various projects of the organization. Regularly monitoring donor websites and identifying donor opportunities for the organization. Identifying key persons from the donor organizations and reaching out to them through various communication channels. Take the lead in developing new funding sources, entities and deliver presentations. Presenting and inspiring CSR departments, foundations, HNIs and investors to co-finance development projects. Develop and deepen existing donor relationships, ensuring that the organization maintains effective communications and good relations with our donor partners, ensuring they are updated on our work and achievements. Keep the organization up-to-date on changing CSR priorities and ensure that new funding opportunities are identified and shared in a timely manner. Work closely with the communications resource to develop publicity material for fundraising purposes. Represent the organization at meetings with potential funders and external events Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Resource Mobilisation CSR Partner Management Fund Raising institutional partnership Donor relations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Advertising/Mass Communication, Marketing, M.A - Communication, Economics, PR/ Advertising, Sociology, Other Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Person should have 7-10 years of experience, preferably in Resource Mobilization, Business Development / Marketing / Communications/ Relationship Management. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to gather, analyze and summarize information including numerical and financial data. Well versed with CSR rules, grant-making systems and procedures of corporate donors. Excellent influencing and relationship building skills - demonstrated success in building strong and sustainable relationships. Highly motivated, persevering, achievement-oriented attitude. Outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail. Commitment to maintaining confidentiality. Company Profile: IPE Global Limited IPE Global Limited is a leading development sector consulting firm offering services in *Health, *Urban Infrastructure Development, *Policy, *PPP,*Government and Public Sector (GAPS), *Education, *Rural Development and *Environment and Climate Change areas. IPE Global Private Limited is an ISO 9001:2008 certified development sector consultancy organisation, promoted by established practitioners and sector experts. Over the last fourteen years, IPE has successfully implemented over 500 projects in 31 countries working with several government agencies, international donor agencies and private firms making it a leading development sector consultancy organisation in South Asia. With offices across India, Kenya, Ethiopia, Bangladesh and United Kingdom, IPE brings with it a rare mix of international and regional expertise. It has a multi-disciplinary team of experts who have substantial relevant experience and knowledge of ground level realities, problems and issues in the different parts of the world. IPE has over 800 full time professional staff and a resource pool of more than 1000 consultants covering a wide range of multi-disciplinary practices. IPE not only brings in the specific expertise in the related fields, but also offers a culmination of best practices and extensive experience in diverse areas of development sector management consulting services. For more details, please visit www.ipeglobal.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details