TITLE: Asst. Manager - GAA Corporate Accounting Europe

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ProcessFunction Toensure the accuracy & timely delivery of activities to achieve Green SLA, including Monthly closure of books, trend reviews and GL closure activities. Ensuretimely completion of Balance Sheet reconciliations on a monthly basis. Ensureclearance of open items from Balance Sheet. Ensureadherence to SOX requirements in process activities. Beinnovative and suggest Continuous Improvements in existing and new processesand to streamline the current process follow up in respect of pending issues tosort out as early as possible Recommendprocess improvements along with implementation after consulting regional teams. Toprovide Information to internal & external auditors Communicationwith Business Support and regional offices in AMER, EMEA and APAC on regularbasis. Activelyengage with customers to understand and address customer pain points Facilitate, support and develop team member including hire, train, fire, assess, performance, and recommend salary and classification changes. Others Shouldhave a basic knowledge of all other departments. MaintainTraining documents as ready reconor for the team. Ensureproper backup plan in place to handle routine and adhoc resource management. Alwaysuse controllership team feedback for proactive action in relation to all areas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Required Skills/ Qualifications CA/ CWA/ MBA (F) with minimum 2 years ofexperience or M. Com/ CA (I) / CWA (I) with more than 5 yrs experience or B. Com withmore than 7 years of relevant experience. Experience will be required infinalization of Accounts, in- depth Accounting experience preferably in CorporateAccounting, General Ledger Accounting, month end closing, P&L Analysis, BalanceSheet review and reconciliations, MIS reporting, possesses good analyticalskills. AccountingKnowledge: Expertise of Knowledge of AccountingPrinciples, concepts and standards (local and International as applicable) andthe ability to apply them to the company's Accounting practices. SystemKnowledge: Good knowledge of the ERP/ Accountingsystems like People soft, Essbase etc. . . Depthand Breadth of Business/ process knowledge: Knowledge of process that one isworking on, its upstream/ downstream dependencies and impacts on the books ofaccounts, brand image, cost allocation, etc. . . RelevantAccounting / Management Policy knowledge: Ability to effectively leverage theUnderstanding of key/ critical Financial and Management policies of theorganization and detailed understanding of policies which impact the SFAprocesses. Controland Compliance Skills: Application and Understanding of keyControl and compliance requirements of the organization and implication of noncompliance, like metrification, control self assessment, SOX, etc?? AnalyticalSkills: Application of quality principles andsystems of checks and balances for process improvement, exceeding customerexpectation, compliance adherence etc. . like P&L Analysis, Balance SheetReview, etc. . DomainKnowledge: Effectively leveraging theUnderstanding of business drivers and their impact; general knowledge ofspecific domains like USGAAP, IFRS, etc?? Audit Skills: Ability to understand, interpret and provide information and support to meet the audit requirementsfor their respective regions for various PLC, statutory and internal audits OtherSkills Possess good communication/ presentationskills and overall a pleasing personality. Must be willing to travel and musthave valid Passport, open for Night shifts during close (4- 5 days in a month) , openfor shift timings during the month. PeopleManagement Skills Demonstratedability to lead, motivate and develop the team (4- 6) Experienceof 2 years in Team Lead position 2 year Team Management Experience ACCOUNTABILITY Numberof employees supervised: Direct 0- 6 Indirect - NIL Key Metrics Toachieve Green rating for SLA deliverables. Allmembers are cross trained & Back- up plan is in place. Decision Rights Responsiblefor coordinating & providing the entire infrastructure related requirementsfor the team including IT accesses. Performand keep a track of teams performance via regular feedback, One- o- ones, Mid- term and Year- end reviews. Togive value to the organization in terms of better utilization ofmanpower/ better quality of output. Takeslogical decision quickly, change priority to meet expectation & alwaysaccommodative to new responsibility. Ready to take proactive action whenrequired Assessingtraining needs for team & organizing the same. KEY RELATIONSHIPS Key Internal Relationships DeliveryManagers across regions, Treasury, Financial Reporting, Taxation, Business Support Key External Relationships Auditors Company Profile: InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details