TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Overview (Bank of America overview, BA Continuum India overview, Business Overview) Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle- market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. Were committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America GIS - The Global Information Security team is responsible for protecting the Bank and Customer Information assets by managing external and internal information risks. The objectives are met through multiple programs and engagements related to security policies & procedures, security assessments, security incident management, training& awareness, consulting, threat management and risk remediation. As a control function, the Information Security team partners with cross functional stakeholders for meeting the overall objective of providing reasonable assurance on keeping Bank and Customer information secure. Job Description (Overview of Role) Global Information Security helps to assess threats and set priorities, and to create flexible programs to actively manage their specific risks. Incident Management is an integral part of GIS and responsible for coordinating the response to and recovery from Information Security Incidents. The GIS team provides these services in the International space as part of a Global team that spans multiple time zones. Responsibilities Coordinate the response to an escalation from information security incidents. Collaborate with appropriate escalation groups and GIS teams to analyze and contain information security incidents. Establish oversight of information security incidents and communicate analysis, containment, and escalation for remediation efforts to all involved partners. Determine the root cause of incidents and work with stakeholders and responsible parties to remediate any identified control gaps or failures. Escalate issues to management in a timely manner with appropriate information regarding risk, action times, and root cause analysis. Exercise independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Process Timings: 24 x 7 (IST) - The associate will have to support 24x7 operations. Weekends Off (Y/ N) : N (Weekend OFFs would be any 2 days of the week and not always Sat/ Sun Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Required Skills: 4 6 Years of Information Security related activities Experience in an operations focused information security role Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast- paced environment Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of a global financial institution Familiarity security vulnerabilities, exploits, malware and digital forensics Continuously learn and adapt. Demonstrated ability to learn new tools, process and technologies Organized and able to multi- task in a fast- paced environment Highly motivated, able to work independently & a self starter Shift Type (Rotational Shifts/ Fixed) : 24 x 7 - Rotational Desired Skills Knowledge of SIEM tools Knowledge of GRC tools Network / Systems / Information Security Administration, Excellent Communication Skills Familiarity with network security vulnerabilities, exploits, attacks and malware Ability to work effectively with technical and non- technical business owner Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details