TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role (If this matters to you,dont scroll below) Architecture and Design of backend components for Web as well as Mobile applications Developing high performing REST APIs for application functionality Rapid prototyping of applications based on high level requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience of minimum 1-3 years in designing and developing backend components. Freshers who have utilised their college time well (to build things) are also considered. Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Concepts and reusable design Strong programming skills in Java and exposure to NoSQL technology stack Should be willing to learn about new technologies and stack GOOD TO HAVE: Familiar with Linux/Unix operating systems and UNIX shell scripting Flair to handle DevOps for the team (You have to manage your machines yourself) Knowledge of a scripting language is a plus (Python,ruby) You should have one crazy habit (Play Dota?) which scares the shit out of us! We all are weird folks and you might only get weirder with time. So be open to that! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Ruby NoSQL Unix Shell Scripting Rest Linux Python Web Technologies Software Engineering Operating Systems Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Reach Reach App lets you discover music, apps and free games from your friends' network. Send your friend a request and get the permission to access his mobile collection! You can listen to their music for free, install the apps they use and play the games they like! Reach App has an in-build music player on which you can play all your free music. Forget about switching between music players. Now you can play the songs you discovered on the app as well the songs which are stored in your in the app on the same music player. Reach is a one stop solution to discover and to stay updated with what you should keep on your mobile. Through Reach App, you can also discover free games which your friends are playing on their mobile. Eventually, we are going to add links. Save any web link to your Reach account and let your friends discover your mobile lifestyle. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details