TITLE: Arm Digital - AGM - Search

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Strategy, Direction & Positioning - Owner of the media strategy to be created by ARM for its clients. - Oversee the management of paid search accounts through delegation to team members as well as hands-on management. - Manage large-scale programs across multiple platforms - Work with the Business heads to set the strategic vision for all SEM programs - Analyse the results and provide optimization recommendations for live media - Work on advanced analytics & direct overall media objectives and strategies that fulfil client business goals - Be a trusted source for ongoing digital counsel and search education for the team - Work closely with the Business heads to improve department process. - Conduct keyword research - Set up campaigns - Maintain client budgets - Monitor daily performance / Identify and troubleshoot issues - Perform account analysis and optimizations to meet clients- ROI goals - Create comprehensive client reports - Identify new strategies and tactics for testing and make recommendations to clients - Develop and test ad copy - Follow quality assurance standards to ensure quality and accuracy - Present performance results at client meetings - Knowledge of the strategic direction of all accounts handled by his/her team. Account Mining & Partnerships - Get the team to work collaboratively with the media team to identify potential problems, and formulate recommendations. - Contributing to pitch presentations from Media stand point. Account Management - Detailed knowledge of the media strategy formulated for different brands. - Ensure effective and timely implementation of strategies - Briefing and managing media and development teams - Take regular feedback from the client regarding the quality of work and areas of Improvement. - Attend important and strategic Client meetings. Team Management - Foster growth and skill development of team members and delegating responsibilities. - Helping to drive innovation and efficiency within the team - Internal communication to streamline and standardize service quality. - Provide leadership of the account team and client, and ensuring best in class work is delivered consistently. - Improving the tracking and monitoring of team members as they progress through their work and skill set, and providing supports such as counselling and extra training, where needed. - Active participation in the hiring process as part of interviewing and assessing candidates for their team as per the requirements of the accounts. - Keep a tab/lower the attrition factors within the team and advice and inform the management accordingly. - Track and report the trainings required on various training modules and suggest improvement to the company - Perform Quarterly Evaluation and Annual Appraisal for the team member periodically and update the HR and Management of the progresses Driving Organization Culture - Play an active and supportive role in driving the vision for the company in coordination with the other heads and communicating the same to the employees within the Team. - Focus on Leadership actions impacting team member's performance to create better customer experiences and business results. - Key focus on trying to plug any existing issues within the Organization as a whole. - Setting the democratic leadership tone for the organization. - Stay on top of all trends and maintain best practices. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/ Mgr-Online/Digital Marketing Keyskills Campaign Management Media Planning SEO SEM Online Marketing Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Arm Digital Our services range from digital training to executable high-level strategy, from Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details