TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Hands on execution and management of the projects, with IT as well as Telecom. Project planning, estimating, coordinating and controlling project solution delivery/implementation. Scheduling and management of progress and resources, and delegation of tasks. Establishing appropriate project quality standards in consultation with customers/partners and implementing appropriate quality management practices/processes/systems to ensure customer satisfaction Establishing effective, open communication channels among project participants and all key stakeholders. Having a good technical experience & good understanding of a number of critical telecom platforms & Intelligent Network applications, Service Layer offerings (i.e. IN/SCP, Pre-Paid, VAS, SMS, VPN, Roaming, Hosted Solutions). Directly/indirectly work on deployment and/or integration with core network nodes in GSM/3G/LTE networks Facilitating the production of project documentation and reporting for executive management. Establishing clear project baselines, clearly defined Scope Of Work & Deliverables. Establishing strict Change Control mechanisms and management of all project changes. Perform Risk assessments, manage and mitigate project risks. Manage Escalations externally as well as internally. Reporting Project Metrics, variances, estimations and impact analysis. Ability to leverage technical experience to advise the team and troubleshoot on need basis tocritical and major issues that hamper the progress of a project Work with adjunct teams to ensure the delivery is made as per scope within the agreed timelines and complete handover is done to operations with a well-defined exit criteria. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Project Mgmt Role:Project Manager-Telecom Keyskills GSM LTE 3G Intelligent Network VAS SCOPE Project Management Solution Delivery Telecom Roaming BSS Desired Candidate Profile Skill Sets:Domain Expertise: Integration and project management experience with GSM core (GMSC, HLR/VLR, STP, GGSN/SGSN) , VAS Services (IN, SMSC, USSD, MMSC & GPRS) and Billing (OSS/BSS). Experienced in IP networking, routing, connectivity, etc. Minimum 3 years work experience, system integration at GSM mobile operators. Technical know-how on SCCP, TCAP, MAP, ISUP, INAP, CAMEL, SIGTRAN, GPRS, Diameter, Radius, SIP protocols.Technical Skills: Advance knowledge of UNIX (Sun Solaris/linux), Shell/Perl Scripting and SQL Advance Oracle Database (9i /10g / 11g) query & maintenance Knowledge of SOAP/XML, Webservices integrationFunctional Skills: Telecom System Integration experience. Self-motivated and Persuasive. Effective written and verbal communications skills Excellent customer interaction and interpersonal & skills TeamworkWork Experience 9-13yrs total experience. Experience (minimum 3 years) as Project Management within the Telecom Industry. Experience in managing Telecom Infrastructure and Systems Integration projects in a commercial environment. Solid end-to-end telecom SI/Hosting project management experience, from pre-sales to delivery, including requirement analysis, scoping, resourcing, budgeting, scheduling, quality control and customer management. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Computers, Electronics Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: JobServer Consultancy Services leading client of JobServer Consultancy Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details