TITLE: Analyst Finance R&D

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Provides key financial support at all R&D Business and Plan reviews. - Provide financial reporting, value- added analysis, and continuous improvement of R&D business processes. - Works directly with R&D Managers in the reporting and analysis of OpEx and Capital information to identify issues and opportunities. - Key participant in FP&A process, including the preparation and data input, including collaboration with Corp Technology and Global Divisional finance partners. - Analyzes performance trends and provides commentary on operating expenses and other key financial parameters to improve profitability. - Investigates and reports on significant variances to ensure integrity of information and performance against quarterly plans. Helps team remain on target. - Provides on- going user assistance and support for application software. - Conduct basic software and hardware training when needed. - Ensures awareness and compliance with applicable standard operating procedures to meet, comply and champion all quality and regulatory commitments of Boston Scientific. - Drives compliance in all finance related matters (CA&C, SOX, Statutory, monthly Closing) . Participates in implementing Quality requirements in all aspects of the Finance Process. Quality System Requirements In all actions, demonstrates a primary commitment to patient safety and product quality by maintaining compliance to the Quality Policy and all other documented quality processes and procedures. For those individuals that supervise others, the following statements are applicable: - Assures that appropriate resources (personnel, tools, etc. ) are maintained in order to assure Quality System compliance and adherence to the BSC Quality Policy. - Establishes and promotes a work environment that supports the Quality Policy and Quality System. Management Requirements - Not applicable. Job Scope and Leveling Guidelines Knowledge A seasoned, experienced professional with wide- ranging experience and expertise in a specialized field. Applies comprehensive knowledge of a particular field to resolve complex issues in creative ways. Full knowledge of other related disciplines. Uses in- depth knowledge of business unit functions and cross group dependencies/ relationships. Is recognized as an expert in the work group. Problem Solving Develops solutions to diverse business problems of high complexity which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity. Analysis of situations or data requires an in- depth evaluation of various factors. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Has specialized knowledge of various alternatives and their impact on the business. Challenges are frequently unique and solutions may serve as precedent for future decisions. Planning and Organization Plans and organizes project assignments of substantial variety and complexity. Initiates or maintains schedule for projects and project milestones. Discretion/ Latitude; Supervision Received; Decision Making Works without appreciable direction. Works independently on highly specialized projects with long range objectives. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives of assignment. Selects methods and techniques to lead a project to completion. Develops departmental policies and procedures, new techniques and standards. Work is reviewed from a relatively long- term perspective, for desired results. Business Relationships and Project Management Interfaces with senior management on significant matters, often requiring the coordination of activity across organizational units. Impact Guides the successful completion of major programs and often functions in a project. Effects of decisions are long- lasting and influence the future course of the organization. Errors in judgement or failure to achieve results would result in the expenditure of large amounts of company resources. Soft skills A seasoned, experienced professional with Problem solving attitude. He/ She should have good communciation and interpersonal skills. He/ She should be team player and take lead in Specialized skill. Working knowledge of MS office with atleast 5 years of experience and handon experience on SAP for atleast 3 years is a pre- requisite. Professional Qualification & Experience CA/ CWA/ MBA finance with 5 years of experience. Relevant past experience in FP&A profile for a minimum period of 3- 5 years for a multinational medical devices company / manufacturing set up would be preferable. May not be copied or reproduced outside of Boston Scientific without permission from Human Resources. Users of this printed copy must verify that this document is current Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Scientific Boston Scientific Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details