TITLE: Quality Lead

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Team Leader Quality role has been designed to oversee Performance specialist role in the program. TL Quality is also responsible for collating and analysing the data generated by PS teams. Based on the analysis TL Quality is expected to highlight trends, identify opportunity areas and develop/ implement action plans on them, ensure adherence to guidelines and policies set for the program. TL Quality is expected to lead improvement initiatives on a program level, show results and sustain them. Basic Objective : Ensure evaluation targets are met for sampling contact transactions by PS team Report results of evaluations on process/ team level to Quality/ Operations Run analysis on contact evaluations and highlight trends Use trends to identify training needs and developing action plans Ensure coaching of agents based on evaluation trends to improve their sales capabilities by PS Team Track improvement post coaching and identify improvement. If desired results are not achieved, identify reasons and take/ facilitate appropriate actions. Conduct calibration sessions with Quality/ Operations/ Training Teams. Maintain current understanding of program strategies across board. Document, communicate and ensure compliance on new updates/ changes in the program Support management focus on review of key drivers, metrics and operational processes that drive KPI results Share regular reports (Highlighting Trends) with Operations and Quality on Key drivers, metrics and operational processes Demonstrate commitment to program internal customer satisfaction Key Responsibilities : Publish reports on evaluations done by PS team highlighting trends, highlights and lowlights. Publishing reports on Feedbacks/ Coaching sessions conducted by PS team. Conduct meetings with the team, discuss team level data and chalk out/ follow- up on the action plans. Conduct calibrations with Quality/ Operations/ Training teams and publish variance report. Quality TL is also required to work on reducing the variance. Present the teams data/ program data highlighting Highlights and Lowlights with action plans and improvements Follow- up on Development Action Plans Maintain desired quality in Sessions and Coaching Ensure appropriate allocation of resources (PS) to various departments. Recruiting PS as and when required Continual enhancement of program performance Basic Job Requirements : Experience Graduate with Minimum 2.5 years of Post Graduation BPO experience in a Voice Based Process for an International Call Centre. Exposure to running/ implementing program level improvement plans, showing improvements and sustaining results. Should have worked in a semi supervisory position (At least) with exposure to delivering Feedback, Conducting Coaching and Training Sessions. Proficient in Ms Office (Primarily Excel, Work and PowerPoint) Essential Personal Attributes Familiarity with feedback fundamentals and coaching skills. Ability to analyze performance for Agents on the basis of Language metrics and Quality Monitoring. Good analytical skills to identify the Variance in the Key Result Areas for the Process. Ability to provide feedback in the most constructive manner. Ability to coach team members on coaching skills and feedback fundamentals Verbal and Written Skills (Three major Criteria) Speech clarity, voice clarity, good pronunciation and should not have a strong MTI (Mother Tongue Influence) Good spoken as well as written Grammar (Conversation Flow and sentence construction) Reading, comprehension and responding skills based on the International Language Proficiency Rating System Typing Skills A minimum of 20 words per minute Behavioural skills Strong customer service skills: empathy, listening, enthusiastic, patience, reasoning and problem- solving skills Willing to learn and flexibility to changes Aptitude and ability to grasp Skills for planning, assigning and directing work on a program level Ability to coach, develop action plans which maximize performance and provide effective feedback Ability to analyze and improve work processes Ability to undertake program level initiatives and deliver desired results Ability to lead a team of PS, motivate them and drive them to deliver results Willingness to work for at- least two- years duration with the organization Environmental, Physical and Other Requirements Willing to work in shifts, rotating as schedule requires The weekly offs may not necessarily fall on the weekend The candidate should be willing to work on public holidays/ festivals if scheduled/ required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Team Leader-Quality Assurance/Quality Control Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: hyperquality hyperquality Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details