TITLE: Assistant Manager (IC)

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Position: Team Leader / Assistant Manager (Band 7) [Individual contributor] Reports to: Manager (Band 6) Location of Work: Mumbai / Gurgaon Bank of America and BA Continuum India overview Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle- market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. Were committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America GBAM Trade Surveillance Overview GBAM Trade Surveillance team monitors firms trading activity from a market abuse/ market manipulation perspective. Global trade surveillance activities are designed to adhere to financial services laws, rules and regulations to determine whether key controls are operating as intended and are effective in terms of mitigating compliance risk (e.g. compliance policy, standard or procedure) . Continuous surveillance of business activities is performed through automated systems (SMARTS, Actimize, Microstrategy, etc.) and filters. Surveillance is also performed through patterns and trends analysis, and manual reviews. This team in GBAM Trade surveillance will work very closely with the GBAM Compliance regional trade suverillance teams to conduct surevillance efforts on equity, fixed income and derivatives trading. Job Description Individuals will be part of the GBAM Compliance Trade Surveillance group supporting one of the global regions US, EMEA, APR, LATAM or Canada. Individual will be responsible for monitoring trading activities across multiple asset classes for market abuse and market manipulation. The individuals will also be responsible for investigating potential compliance issues with multiple levels of management for appropriate disposition and regulatory reporting. Responsibilities Conduct trade surveillance to monitor market abuse and market manipulation across asset classes (equity, fixed income and derivatives trading) Monitor trading activity using various exceptions based reports. Analyze T 1 trading data on trade surveillance platforms for potential compliance issues. Investigate potential compliance issues with management and document findings. Work with the global compliance teams to document findings and regulatory reports. Analyze and organize data, identifying any trends in a timely manner. Maintain accurate, organized and current compliance records and documentation in a manner consistent with the departments needs. Examples of Trade Surveillance models to be reviewed and monitored includes (but not limited to) : Possible Insider Trading, Possible Ramping, Layering, Spoofing, Trade to Trade, Marking the close, IPO Laddering, Wash Trading, Front Running, Trading Halt & Cancelled Trade Reviews, Mark up / Down, Parking, Post Trade Cancel & Correct, TRACE Alerts for Fixed Income products, etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Asset Operations/Documentation-Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Mandatory Skills 5 years of experience in capital markets operations with a thorough understanding of trade life cycle Strong product knowledge in capital markets Strong analytical, interpersonal, organizational, and time management skills Excel skills and attention to detail Strong English written and verbal communication skills Strong Team Player Desired Skills Familiarity with SMARTS / ACTIMIZE / MICRO STRATEGY will be an added advantage Experience in Pre- trade / Post- trade / Real Time Surveillance Education Graduate in any field Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details