TITLE: Head - Prepaid Acquisition B2C

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of the Job To strategize, plan and achieve customer base growth faster thanmarket & key competitors, To understand products, market construct, keycompetition, geographical parameters, channel & retailers scheme constructs& customized programs to create retailer stickiness & provide mostsuited customer offerings. The Prepaid Acquisition Head drives All Product management retail, & channel schemes, cost of acquisition & other marketing initiativestowards driving Prepaid Acquisitions & Acquisition Revenues for the Circle Deliverables (Key responsibilities) 1. Growing prepaid base for the circle faster than market &competition 2. Deavrage and look at granular level, applying micromarketingprinciples, for ensuring faster base growth at each of the geographies 3. Constant focus on ways of working & input matrices to ensurehigh quality delivery at optimum cost 4. Product development to achieve gross & acquisition revenuetargets. Overall responsibility of circle SOGA & GAP vs competition 5. Drive the acquisition of a large share of the new devices cominginto the market 6. Continuously Monitor Competition Track, Understand Market Dynamicsthrough Market working & Market Analysis. Also Will need to workclosely with Front End Sales Managers 7. Rolling out Retailer & Distributor Schemes along with FSEincentive program 8. MNP portfolio management (port- in / port- out) leading to overallMNP Net Gain 9. Interaction and managing synergies with other departments forproduct launch and for disseminating info of new product/ initiatives. Alsoensuring adequate Stationery & SUK Stocks. Major Challenges : External - SOGA dominance in a challenging & mature market like Delhi NCR - Also continuously improving the quality of acquisitions byreducing decay Internal GAC management & adherence. Ensuring SOGA dominance with lessor mark to market spend. Key Competencies Required: - Strong Analytical and quantitative skills - entrepreneurial and strong Interpersonal skills - Teamwork and collaboration - Analytical and problems Solving abilities - Execution of Strategies - Results orientation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details