TITLE: Associate Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Lotus Domino server administrations Lotus Domino SMTP configurations Domino internal and external email flow trouble shooting Lotus Notes trouble shooting Lotus domino database management Installation, Configuration and administration of Lotus Domino Server up to 9.x on Windows. Installation and configuration of Lotus Domino applications. Good background of working in NRPC, SMTP, IMAP , LDAP, SSL and Notes policies. Performance monitoring and tuning the Lotus Domino. Monitor and Troubleshoot Lotus Domino as email and Application server. Good in Capacity Management (1.) Incident Management Change Management (Planning & Execution) On - call Escalation Ticket Quality Process adherence & Security compliance Customer feedback ( Appreciations, CSAT survey results) KB preparation and review, Knowlegde sharing & documentation Root cause analysis / Problem Management Capicity / Architectural Management SLA compliance for tickets Value Add Training / Mentoring Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills quality lead SQL cobol jquery SLA web application Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details