TITLE: Android Application Developer - Android

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GoEventz is one of a kind, online portal created for targeting diversified events being organised within India and at International platform. Our key focus is to provide extensive marketing and publicity for events like seminars, webinars, exhibitions, conferences, trade shows, musical concerts, etc. We dreamt of something big. So, we created Goeventz. Working at Goeventz is an adventurous journey. Its a thrill, and take it from us - this ride gives us all a high! Our mission is to ease the life of people by making it entertaining. We bring all the events happening in your city, from various online and offline sources, at one place. You can now explore the gamut of events and navigate based on your interests and location. We help event organizers around the world to make their event successful by building powerful intuitive tools for them. Goeventz is looking for Android Developer to join us on our mission. Amazing work, super friendly environment and good coffee are the perks you get here. We help one another climb, we dont climb over one another. At Goeventz we believe in the freedom to think, and this means we expect everyone to engage in constructive debate to build the best company any one of us has worked in. You might not have heard of us but we would love to hear from you. If youd like to be part of not just creating success, but creating impactfor yourself and for Goeventzstart at the foundation. Nothing less than the best will do. We are looking for Android Developers with 2+ years of sound experience in developing consumer facing mobile apps for Android platform Job Responsibilities: Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Designing mobile application interface design, navigation, and presentation along with developing custom controls as required by the application. Work with outside data sources and APIs. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Should be able to utilize native APIs to enable maps, in-app SMS and email features and should be able to develop applications that controls handset resources. Requirements: 2+ years of experience in developing enterprise class mobile apps for Android platform. Solid grasp of algorithms, memory management, object oriented programming, MVC programming, and concurrent programming. Familiarity with UI/UX design within the mobile environment. Proven experience using the Android SDK to deliver mobile applications on Android smartphones and/or tablets. Knowledge of Languages (Java, C++) including 2+ years Java on Android. Knowledge of Android GUI, Camera, GPS API, Maps API, and Services. Experience of working on end to end solution spanning from the UI to backend. Implementing mobile analytics APIs like flurry. Passionate about working in a startup and creating a great product. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Android SDK C++ Mobile Applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Expert Global E- Commerce Solutions Private Limited GoEventz is one of a kind, online portal created for targeting diversified events being organised within India and at International platform. Our key focus is to provide extensive marketing and publicity for events like seminars, webinars, exhibitions, conferences, trade shows, musical concerts, etc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details