TITLE: Senior Quality Manager - ITeS - International & Domestic

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The quality manager will support or lead quality improvement initiatives. He or she is responsible for ensuring that all managers, process owners and supervisors develop and maintain their part of the quality management system. The quality manager monitors and advises on how the system is performing, which may often include the publication of statistics regarding company performance against set measures. Key responsibilities and account abilities : - Own organizations quality management system. - Promoting quality achievement and performance improvement across the organization. - Maintaining a constant awareness of the business context and company profitability. - Assessing product specifications and customer requirements. - Defining processes and procedures in conjunction with operating staff. - Bringing together staff of different disciplines and driving the group to formulate and agree comprehensive quality procedures. - Working methodically to establish a clearly defined management system that all staff can apply. - Setting up and maintaining controls and documentation. - Writing technical and management system reports. - Supervising the program of internal auditing. - Facilitate and manage call calibration for Quality Reps., TL's and Trainers. - Supervising the program of continual improvement. - Pinpointing relevant quality-related training needs. Desired Candidate : - Presentation skills a plus. - Great communication, collaboration, and flexibility to work with internal groups and external users. - Self-starting, motivated, hardworking, and needs to be very flexible with night shifts. - Establish and expand relationships with key individuals. Manage client relationships, client visits etc. - Managing escalations related to people, policies and process. Minimum Experience : 6 Years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Auditing QMS Quality Management Quality Improvement Quality Procedures Performance Improvement Training Needs Technical Management Presentation Skills Internal Audit Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Talent Blaze Leading client of Talent Blaze Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details