TITLE: Business Development Trainee (BSC IT & BCA)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Divine is an innovative, managed Outsourcing and Internet strategy company whose forte lies in being creative and an early technology adopter. Were obsessed with design and technology. Its holds very true for us. However, the team behind it has great skills with years of collective experience in web, apps, and software development. Working with some of the top clients of USA and Eastern countries acts as a perfect catalyst to give our best. A push the limit attitude drives each one of us to perform better. It is in this environment that our team of programmers, designers and content writers work in. Ours is a team which is cohesive, competent and competitive. Most importantly, it is a team committed to the client. Being into professional web design / codes development the company believes in growing with its clients. Job Description If you want to make your career in management field the opportunity is right here. Divine Pixel required Business Development Trainee with IT background and excellent communication skill. Do Apply if you want to go in Business Development Field. Key Responsibilities: Generating new business from bidding portals like Upwork, Guru. Must know how to bid on the above portals. Developing, managing and maintaining databases of potential clients. Knowledge about IT Skills. Able to seek out and find business opportunities.. Experience: 0 - 6 months Qualification: Graduate / Diploma Qualifications BCA,Bsc (IT) ,B.com,BE Additional Information Incentive I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Divine Pixel Codes Pvt Ltd Divine Pixel Codes Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details