TITLE: Senior Resident -critical Care Unit@shalimar Bagh Delhi

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Pre-anesthetic assessment and preparing the patients. Any unusual Characteristics of the same to be discussed with consultants Provision of clinical anesthesia services in operation theatre under supervision of Consultant both routine and emergency Provision of post-anesthetic care including supervision of the Area (Surgical ICU): monitoring (including clinical observation), pain relief, fluid therapy, respiratory therapy, adverse effects which may be related to anaesthesia, preoperative medical problems. If required consultation may be taken from Consultant Provide stand by anaesthesia / general anaesthesia for endoscopic procedures in minor OT and endoscopy room Acute resuscitation services for the hospital as members of a resuscitation team CODE BLUE team Continuous quality improvement processes. Participating in peer review and quality improvement processes Maintain environment for safe anaesthesia practice Perform independently /assist in procedures as per the clinical privileges authorized Treat & manage the / In patients Maintain a patient log book/ records Monitor daily outdating. To review all use as needed and discuss problems with consultant. To assist with review of patient's medical records as part of quality assurance studies. Gather data for quality assurance studies. Actively participate in presentations of CMEs and Journal clubs. Assist the consultant To complete patient history form, visit patient and review medical record. Obtain relevant clinical information for inclusion in report.. Assists the Consultant for: Special material management requirement Ensure quality of performance of the department In all emergency cases in scheduling of cases and coordinating the department activities To co-ordinate the Inter and Intra-departmental activities in research, camps, presentations, referral reply to doctors etc To be an in-house consultant for all emergency situations encountered in the hospital. Interaction with patient attendants to brief them about current status, anticipated recovery and any other specific issues or problems Supervise all nursing/ paramedical & non medical staff of the department to maintain discipline and high standard of medical care at the department as per standard operating procedure Any other tasks assigned by the HOD/ management from time to time Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Anaesthetist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: MBBS PG:M.S/M.D - Any Specialization, PG Diploma - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fortis Healthcare Ltd Fortis Healthcare Limited is committed to clinical excellence and patient-centric healthcare, which is manifest in hospital design, patient services, medical programmes and the compassionate approach of medical and non-medical hospital staff. Fortis commissioned its first hospital in 2001 at Mohali, near Chandigarh, and has expanded its operations to become a network with an over 10,000 bed capacity across 68 hospitals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details