TITLE: Training & Curriculum Manager- MESC

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent will be responsible for the design, delivery and continuous improvement of training programs, curriculum, conduct needs assessments, execute training programs, develop reinforcements and evaluate outcomes. Key Responsibility Areas Create and maintain a positive and professional learning environment Able to deliver content, project and motivate trainees through effective training methodologies both in small and large groups. Manage the design, delivery and continuous improvement of training programs as well as ongoing learning opportunities across the organization, in support of the organizations needs. Utilize a variety of the training methodologies, techniques, concepts, learning tools, and practices to ensure maximum effectiveness of training programs Monitor and measure effectiveness of all training programs Efficiently involved in development of training manuals, modules, and curriculum courses Prepare all materials, presentations for training programs and keep them updated as appropriate. Collect feedback from associates, partners, Supervisors, and Quality Monitoring team to identify new training needs Interact with training/curriculum vendors and represent organization in various training conferences and seminars. Accurately evaluate essential job training needs of service associates and delivering effective programs to meet those needs Demonstrate ability to quickly learn and adapt to new policies and procedures, and processes as per the defined norms. Requirements Training experience proficient in training methodologies, curriculum development and soft skills (communication skills, critical thinking, time management, team building, etc.) Minimum 5 years experience as a Master Trainer; and demonstrated ability to successfully develop and deliver training programs utilizing skills in program design/development, and training methodologies. High energy, enthusiastic, motivational training style. Excellent creative and conceptual thinking abilities. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Computer literate with in-depth knowledge of MS office and web based systems; visual aids technology Strong organizational, planning, project management, problem resolution, communication, presentation, facilitation, and influencing skills required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MESC Media &amp; Entertainment Skills Council (MESC) has been setup under the National Skills Development Mission, Government of India under the aegis of National Skills Development Corporation (NSDC) and promoted by FICCI. The Media &amp; Entertainment Industry is projected to grow to INR 1457 billion by 2016. Therefore it becomes imperative to have skilled workforce catering to the growing needs of the industry across various subsectors in terms of quality and quantity. MESC would ensure generation of adequately skilled workforce which is industry ready and employable. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details