TITLE: SAP UI5 Consultant/developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: SAP UI5 Consultant Exp.: 3+ years (minimum 2 years on SAPUI5) Location: Noida (Delhi/NCR) Job Description:- Must have at least 3+ years of experience in SAPUI5/NetWeaver Portal/ HTML5/Mobility solutions. Capable of self-learning new technologies in UI space, working with minimum direction and supervision. Adhere to Best Practices for SAP UI development. Highly aware of changing landscape in UI Development area. Hands-on experience in integrating with the backend SAP ERP/CRM systems & applications. Prior work experience in SAP NetWeaver Gateway is preferable. Prior experience working in SAP ABAP/Webdynpro would be an added advantage. Possess good communication skills to present ideas and interact with client. Salary:INR Best in Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sage Technologies Pvt Ltd Sage Technologies is a premier SAP solution and delivery company dedicated to introducing new dimension products and emerging technology solutions to the world. With its primary focus on my SAP ERP, Business Intelligence, Human resources and Net Weaver Solutions, the company provides integrated IT services to small, medium and large enterprises.We are dedicated to deliver innovative solutions. Sage Technologies collaborates with its clients to help them become high-performance businesses. With extensive industry and business process expertise, broad resources and a proven track record, Sage Technologies can mobilize the right people, skills and technologies to help clients improve their performance.Our primary services offerings include SAP implementations, Upgrades, On-going support, Change Management and custom solutions. Our unique business model ensures that we deliver a much higher quality deliverable in shorter time at a lower total cost of ownership. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details