TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description THE ROLE IN A NUTSHELL We are looking for someone be part of a PHP development team, who can Collaborate and effectively work with the rest of the product team, He/She should have skills such as Algorithms design, Information retrieval, User interface design etc. He/She should Come up with new innovative solutions to the hurdles that confront us on a day-to-day basis also He/She should be able to identify and rectify any performance bottleneck with various programs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android Developer iOS Android application development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required TECHNICAL EXPERTISE Basic Android skills Network communication in Android Parsing(Gson/Json), Marshalling/Unmarshlling of objects Should have knowledge about AIDL and Remote services Sound knowledge of Client-Server architecture Should have good designing skills. Able to create design document by own. Able to interpret already created design document. Have hands-on experience on Google Maps and LBS. Have hands-on experience on Android Studio, GIT. Good communication skill is must. Able to handle task independently.SOME SPECIFICS BE/BS/BTech in Computer Science or related field or equivalent practical experience Proficient Knowledge of Android application development Knowledge of iOS, Windows Phone application development is a plus Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Love for coding, with the ability to intuitively pick up and use any new language/framework Organized, attentive to details with strong verbal and presentation skills Company Profile: Glamy Glamy is the online home for health, beauty and wellness, with comprehensive listings of spas, salons and fitness centers across the globe at its very foundations. You'll also find that it's decorated with expert tips and advice, with everything you need to know about treatments, trends and therapies proudly on display for all to see. So, if you're wondering where your nearest spa is, whether to wax or shave, what to eat before yoga or maybe you're just curious about colonics, at Glamy you can gather together a scrapbook of everything you need to know and all the exciting spas and clinics around the world you want to try out. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details