TITLE: Senior Application Consultant - Custom Design for Synopsys Noida

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description - Sr. Application Consultant - Custom Design As a Custom Design Applications Consultant, you will enable customer flows and deploy Custom Design solutions for key customers. You will collaborate with CAE and R&D teams to define and drive the product direction by identifying designer needs and specifying tool capabilities for the next generation designs. This is a unique opportunity to be a part of a highly skilled applications consulting team working for a Global multi-national strong on Libraries (Std. Cell, IO, Memory etc.) and Analog IP designs; You will work closely with customers to solve complex technical challenges for custom digital, analog, and memory designs and methodologies through the following activities: Pre-sales: Team up with sales to lead technical evaluations/benchmarks, methodology presentations, products pitch and demos to win engagements with Synopsys solutions. Post-sales: Support customer design activity and tape-outs using Synopsys' custom products, as well as customer training and on-site support. Leverage: Driving product improvements by providing customer input to Synopsys R&D and product groups. The job will provide excellent opportunity to solidify technical expertise on Full Custom Designing and also for soft skillset growth in customer relationship management. Job Requirements: Masters in EE/CS with atleast 3 years (or a Bachelors in EE/CS with atleast 5+ years) of relevant experience as a Circuit Designer or CAD engineer working as part of a Custom IC Design team. o Knowledge of the complete custom/mixed-signal design flow, custom and analog layout design is required. o Familiarity with Custom IC core applications like Schematic-Drive Layout (SDL), Analog Routing, LVS/DRC, Extraction and Analog/Digital Co-design and Simulation Analysis is desired. o Strong scripting skills (TCL, Perl, Python) are required. Strong inter-personal, verbal and written communication skills Passion for resolving engineering problems Salary:INR Competitive and best in industry compensation with superior benefits program. Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Layout Design Analog Layout IC Design CAD mixed - signal custom design Schematic DRC LVS Extraction Simulation scripting TCL Perl Python Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq:SNPS) is a world leader in delivering semiconductor design software, intellectual property (IP), design for manufacturing (DFM) solutions and professional services that companies use to design systems-on-chips (SoCs) and electronic systems. The company?s products enable semiconductor, computer, communications, consumer electronics and other companies that develop electronic products to improve performance, increase productivity and achieve predictable success from systems to silicon. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details