TITLE: Event Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are offering Event Manager , Event coordinator & Event trainee / Interns positions. Experienced and freshers can apply! The candidate must be dedicated and work in sync with the organisations requirement and goals. We are looking for a skilled and hands-on working professional in the field of events. He/she must have excellent communication skills and be able to independently handle event planning and execution. Must be able to 1. conceptualize and produce events. 2. Event planning to execution with budgeting. 3. Vendor management and negotiations . 4. Prepare presentations to potential sponsors, clients.. 5. Manpower management (events). 6. Manage all marketing and promotions of events. 7. Must be able to meet targets of the company. 8. The candidate must be able to manage all the sports and non sports event requirements. Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Event Manager sports manager sports assistant manager HR operations manager sports executive human resource operations manager hr ops manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: JSports JSPORTS - A Sports Management & Consulting company based in Bangalore offers services in Sports management, sports marketing, sports infrastructure, sports events, sports development etc... JSPORTS Events, a division of JSports pioneers in organising Sports events, tournaments and competitions. JSports is focused on grass root development of sports and functions with a motto and ambition to provide sports to all. JSPORTS ACADEMY is a premier academy operating at multiple locations in Bangalore. Our training focuses on grass root football development with implementation of technical training to improve skill, fitness, agility, endurance Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details