TITLE: National Business Head

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- Greetings!!! An opportunity with a leading security and Facility Company for Gurgaon Location.The Company is looking for a National business Head for Pan India Who will see the over all profitability of company. As the Head of Business, you will have a team of managers reporting to you. Keep track of changing business environment, competitors activities and Govt. policies to analyze market potential in the area for Facility and Security Services .Assign/achieve sales targets for sales personnel Co-ordination with various Govt. authorities & fulfilling requirements. Ensure compliance of Service tax ,ESI ,PF and Labor Law and ensure after sales services to Client . Apart from operational tasks , the senior role gives you additional responsibilities of a strategic nature. Job description & responsibilities You will carry out market research to identify ideas for growth You will reach out directly or through partners to target prospective business deals You will filter out high potential deals by analyzing business strategies, opportunity requirements / per-requisites / financials, and internal priorities You will design the best negotiating strategies by considering the risks and rewards, and keeping in mind the counter-parties preferences & goals You will lead the negotiation to close the deal and draw in resources from within the company to make it happen You will manage all contractual requirements and align the end result with the companys internal operations and capabilities You will constantly keep upgrading your business development techniques, and help in enhancing the company knowledge base . As the face of the organization, you will also help in building the brand of the company in the industry, Competitors and Client Youll create the annual business development budget in compliance You will help in disseminating the executive managements vision and goals among the supporting teams Youll work with the Marketing department to ensure that the marketing and branding initiatives are efficient and effective Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: Security / Law Enforcement Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Marketing Sales Business Development Branding Market Research Strategy Profitability Negotiation National Labor Laws Corporate Business Development Brand Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Platoon Securitas Platoon Securitas is a brand with business interests in Integrated Facilities Management for any Property & People. We have two brands into Core FM named Servista and Platoon Securitas into Guarding, Homeland Protection & Loss Prevention Solution, Event & Personal Loss Prevention & Loss Prevention Consultancy. Both these brands are managed under one backend support umbrella but two specialized, dedicated & experienced team. Platoon being a multi-faceted organization driving industry based solutions for its clients providing robust Loss Prevention solutions, catering to physical Loss Prevention needs, event management and cash transit services. At Platoon Securitas, we assist customers develop, and implement Loss Prevention programs that protect their critical business assets and meet their acceptable level of risk. A. Platoon has made remarkable presence across Pan India Over 3500 Strong Manpower and Group. We have partnered with organizations in Retail & Mall, Real estate, Manufacturing, Educational & Residential segment. The team Platoon intends to expand in Healthcare, Industrial & Corporate Business segment with all their services to achieve aggressive growth of INR 100 cr in a year. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details