TITLE: Credit Rating Analyst / IT MNC / Bangalore

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is regarding a position for Credit Rating AnalystÂ with our direct client located in Bangalore . If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: Credit Rating Analyst Location: Bangalore Experience: 2 to 6 yrs Notice Period: Immediate or max 15 days. Job Description: Analyzing financial statements such as Balance Sheet and P& L statements to understand the business performance and financial health of a company/Firm. Ability to undertake rigorous credit risk analysis encompassing industry / business research and financial analysis. Analyst to have the basic knowledge on MSMEs and Banking like definition of MSME, Cluster approach , various banking facilities etc Evaluate and analyze the performance of MSMEs from varied industries to assess their credit worthiness and arrive at internal ratings for them. Benchmarking MSMEs financial and Business Performance against its peers. Assign Ratings and prepare reports that cogently capture the rationale behind the rating. Undertake Industry study and presentations evaluating sector performance and rating movement at a portfolio level and Make credit rating recommendation to the Rating Committee. Timely Documentation and close the case as per agreed SLA/TAT. The Analyst should have good Industry Expertise & Insights and Researching Abilities. Ensure adherence to timelines. Maintain a high quality of analytics and rating committee presentation Interested candidate kindly share there updated resume at nikki.kumari@varite.com For more information kindly contact Nikki @ 1244744000-Ext-224 Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills credit rating risk analysis forecasting MSME Desired Candidate Profile Candidate Profile: Should have experience in credit rating. Effective business communication skills both verbal and written. Understanding of accounting and financial analysis and concepts and should have Positive attitude with qualities of a team player The Analyst will be Responsible for maintaining daily production logs and Adaptable to learn new processes, concepts and skills. The Analyst should have ability to manage performance under stringent timelines and result orientation. Build relationships with key points of contact within the operation across the processes and other functions in order to maintain an understanding of the process context. Look for process improvement, new ideas and initiatives. Good Working knowledge of MS Office more specifically Power Point, Excel, Word Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Leading IT Company VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details