TITLE: Lead Analyst - HRSS

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Goal: The Lead Analyst role is with India based HR Shared Services and is responsible for the expert execution of a wide- range of HR support, including processing and auditing transactions, responding to Business and Stakeholder inquiries on HR systems, processes and procedures, and acting as a partner and liaison to internal HR functions on business led initiatives Manage, Track and Process Quality administrative support and assistance to the Regional HR Teams/ CoEs by maintaining all employee records in the in- scope regions (Australia, Americas and Rest of the World) Perform procedural actions to validate, process and audit HR transactions encompassing all facets of the employee life cycle (e.g., processing of hires, terminations, transfer, etc. in the core HRIS and Letter creation) Specialist in- depth knowledge and understanding of how the existing HR Systems operate and the associated data- flows between different systems such as PeopleSoft, Recruitment solutions, Reward and Recognition tools etc., including certain Payroll, Finance and IT systems as well. Manage various HR reports/ metrics and provide the operational team with out of the box ideas pro- actively raise red flags and turn around operational ideas, including but not limited to process redesign. Lead a team of 1- 2 Sr. Analysts to meet SLAs, Turn- around- time by providing high quality and timely resolutions to all HRSS related queries. Ensures there is a positive internal and external working relationship within the HR Shared Service team and with external customers by frequently communicating and soliciting feedback with both parties and by measuring customer satisfaction Stays up to date on trends and developments within functional area of expertise, constantly re- searches and uses best practices of similar and successful companies as benchmarks Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills ?? ?Outstanding accuracy, consistency and attention to detail ?? ?Process oriented; understand the components and identify areas of improvement ?? ?Organized and detail- oriented with strong time management and multitasking skills ?? ?Effective team player; able to work with people of all levels? ?? ?High level of self- motivation, demonstrated ability to take initiative and maintain high level of ?integrity and ethics ?? ?Ability to handle and maintain confidential and sensitive information ?? ?Ability to synthesize data and analyze for trends ?? ?Excellent communicator (written and spoken ?? ?Demonstrated proactive approaches to problem- solving with strong decision- making capability ?? ?Proven ability to handle confidential information with discretion, be adaptable to various competing demands, and demonstrate the highest level of customer/ client service and response ?? ?Forward looking thinker, who actively seeks opportunities and proposes solutions Technical Expertise/ Education Required: ?? ?UG Any Graduate (Required) , PG Any Stream (Nice to have) ?? ?8 - 10 ?years of experience in HR Administration, HR Operations or HR Shared Services? ?? ?Excellent computer skills in Windows applications including MS Excel, Word ?? ?A minimum of 12 months PeopleSoft/ Oracle practical experience? A ristocrat is an equal opportunity employer, we strongly encourage applications from interested female candidates/ applicants. Company Profile: Aristocrat Technologies India Pvt. ltd. Aristocrat Technologies India Pvt. ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details