TITLE: HR Executive

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Responsibilites Coordinate and manage the new hire On boarding and orientation process including new hire paperwork. Assist employees and managers with HR related questions. Manage enrollment and termination in employee benefit policies, and coordinate efforts with outside brokers. Evaluate, plan and implement positive employee relations programs and activities. Partner with international HR team to support business unit initiatives. Research training and development options and vendors as well as scheduling and setting up training sessions. Provide management coaching to build leadership capabilities to address and resolve employee issues. Partner with leaders on organizational design, workforce planning, succession planning, and skills assessment. Drives the administration of people processes such as performance review and compensation. Liaise with the finance and recruiting teams. Conduct exit interviews and process employee paperwork for exiting employees. Manage employee paperwork and files for the office. Partner with managers to retain, develop and motivate people to achieve their fullest potential. Special projects as assigned. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills Employee Relations HR Exit Interviews Compensation Recruitment Orientation Succession Planning Hiring Training Policies Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tachyon Technologies We are an SAP partner company focussed on providing best in class Enterprise Mobile apps using the latest next generation technologies. Tachyon Technologies is a global company that has offices based out in US and India. Tachyon supports various companies from different Industries like Utilities, Manufacturing, High-Tech, Consumer Goods, Chemical and Oil and Gas Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details