TITLE: People Soft AP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Division provides each major business in the Bank with a dedicated team that works closely with that business to understand its particular technology needs. The IT Account team for the Corporate Affairs Group (CAG) require an experienced systems accountant to join the team. You will be responsible for the day to day administration of the General Ledger module. A strong focus on client service and a structured and consistent approach to problem solving are required Duties and Responsibilities Work with business and technology teams to define technical requirements for new and/ or improved solutions. Estimating the amount of effort to develop new and/ or improved solutions Creating Technical Designs from requirements documents / discussion with business on new / customized components. Developing, Testing and implementing technical solutions based on Technical Design documents. Assist the operations team as required. Proactively looking for efficiencies and improvements within PeopleSoft and the associated technical application stack. Key Skills Degree Qualified Computer Science and/ or Information Technology and/ or Engineering 5+ years PeopleTools 8.4x or above Technical Experience. 4+ years PeopleSoft 8.8 or above Financials Experience preferably AP & AM 4+ years experience with SQL At least one PeopleTools Upgrade Experience is preferred. PeopleTools experience within the following areas: Application Engine PeopleCode Application Designer Page development Component development Portal Registry Structure Creation Record Development Application urity Object Migrations SQR, iScripts (preferable) Crystal Reports Preferred Skill set in the Following areas other than PeopleSoft: Ctrl M Scheduling Tool Unix Scripting VBA for Excel Driven to follow tasks through until completion. Strong level of verbal and written communication skills. Ability to raise and discuss issues in a clear and concise manner with management. The Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology. COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business- aligned services with a focus on quality, cost and risk. COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology. Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/ careers [FOR US ROLES ONLY: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.] Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details