TITLE: Apply for Angular JS- Se/sse (gurgaon)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ValueFirst Digital Media is a product & services based organisation. We are a digital engagement organisation focusing on SMS, Email, Voice (IVR), media, mobility and social media solutions to our customers. We are in B2B space and deal with small aggregator, SMEs and big corporate. Our engineering/software development team comprises of crazy developers having experience in various platforms viz. Angular JS, Java, Dotnet, PHP and Manual/Automation testing. We are currently on a look out for Software Engineer/Senior Software Engineer having experience of minimum in Angular JS & JavaScripts (3 open positions) Total experience desired- 3+ years Desired skills: Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in Native JavaScript development. Hands on experience on AngularJS is a must (min. 1 year) Strong knowledge and coding experience in JavaScript, HTML,CSS. Deep knowledge of AngularJS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience Creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Candidate with experience in developing highly interactive web applications If the above position is relevant to your current experience and you are keen to explore this opening, pls revert with your updated profile on Himanshi.mehta@vfirst.com We are arranging a walk-in drive for the same opening on 26th & 27th April16 from 12PM-5 PM. Venue: ValueFirst Digital Media Pvt. Ltd B-18, Infocity 1, Sector 34, Gurgaon Interview process: All rounds would be conducted on the same day, pls carry your salary slips along. Thanks Team-HR Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValueFirst Digital Media Pvt. Ltd Founded in 2003, ValueFirst - Digital Possibilities is the fastest growing digital media company in the country with more than 5 billion digital interactions in a month. ValueFirst is the only company which straddles both internet and mobile to offer digital solutions for in-reach and out-reach of business processes.Over the last decade, ValueFirst has invested heavily in the development of India's leading edge multi-modal digital communications platform which allows digital interaction over SMS, Voice, USSD, E-Mail, Internet, WAP, GPRS and 3G networks.We have over 25 million registered users growing to 50 million in the coming years on our online properties. With a focused aim of having the largest opt-in subscriber base in the country on internet and mobile, we are building and acquiring multiple digital properties.We support 4000+ marquee corporate and media clients to create engagement with their existing stakeholders and to reach out to their prospects for driving business growth. ValueFirst is amongst the forefronters in the business of digital interactions and conversations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details