TITLE: Head of Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities: Overall architectural, design and product delivery responsibility. Translate functional specifications into logical, component- based technical designs. Own end- to- end on an multiple products - from system (server, deployment, configuration management) to back end (application, database) to front end (CSS, HTML, JavaScript) . Recruit, mentor, and lead small in- house development team and help them to perform their tasks more effectively and efficiently. Manage external vendors to deliver the product and associated deliverables. Provide task estimations and deliver quality product on time. Identify opportunities for process and technology improvements and drive to implementation. Desired Skills and Experience: Over 5 years of experience on consumer facing web applications/ products. Expert level experience in LAMP Stack (Linux/ PHP/ MySQL) , Frontend (Javascript / HTML5 / CSS3) . Proficiency administering large databases (MySQL, MongoDB etc.) . Experience in developing/ extending Wordpress / Drupal. Experience with creating RESTful endpoints for consumption by client applications (web, mobile apps, third party apps etc) . Should be comfortable in using Git, Git branches and Github to manage codebases. Experience in handling / scaling infrastructure on LAMP stack. Experience building, directing, and motivating team of engineers. Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of engineers. A bachelors degree in engineering, computer science, or related field. Good to have: Exposure with AWS. Native Mobile app development (iOS/ Android) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VCCircle Network VCCircle Network Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details