TITLE: Assistant Manager -accounts

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile :- 1. TDS return, and Calculation of TDS 2. VAT, CST and WCT like Quarterly return, Monthly payment, reconciliation of VAT. 3. Service tax like monthly payment, Half Yearly return, Reconciliation of Service tax and return. 4. Monthly Reconciliation of Bank Accounts, Sales and purchase and Ledger scrutiny 5. Finalization of balance sheet, profit and loss Statement and Cash flow statement. 6. Handling Statutory Auditors Query and cooperating with Statutory Audit to get audit done. 7. MIS(Management information System) like Budget vs Actual , Monthly Cash and fund flow, Monthly Balance sheet. 9. Statutory compliances of direct & indirect taxes. 10. Excise duty and returns. Candidate Profile:- Minimum Gradudate with 6-10year of relevant experience. Good command in English Communication. Manufacturing Company Experience prefered. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A - Management, B.Com - Commerce PG:M.Com - Commerce, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CAS Weighing India Pvt. Ltd. Since its inception in 1983, CAS has been a pioneer in the weighing industry of Korea. By offering a variety of products and dedicated customers service, CAS has established a strong market position and gained customers&rsquo; steadfast trust. &ldquo;We Weigh the World&rdquo;CAS continuously strives to achieve a &ldquo;Global CAS&rdquo; status. We are now exporting our products to over 120 overseas countries worldwide. Based on a global network consisting of Russia, India, China, USA and Turkey, we actively established a local-focused marketing and sales strategy. Our business structure provides customers in all fields an access to experience our products and service. It is our main mission to maintain the beneficial partnership with our customers in all over the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details