TITLE: Asia

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 7 days ago RDI - Tire Analyst | Michelin - Careers North America South America En poursuivant votre navigation sur ce site, vous acceptez lutilisation de Cookies.En savoir plus. Prfrences enregistres RDI - Tire Analyst RDI - Tire Analyst Gurgaon Commercial office Research Development Engineer Job roles MISSION: Define and validate a cured model or an associated technology (tire or tire component, external and Internal geometry, materials, ) , to satisfy internal/ external customer needs while respecting the Design rules (safety, Standard and Reg., ) , applying the best practices, and compliant to the Michelin quality system and associated constraints (Norms and Regs, etc) KEY ACIVITIES: Understand and analyze the needs and product technical specifications of customers (external or internal, OE, ...) Performs the design gap analysis compared to a known witness, and organize the Risks Analysis, involving the right level of expertize Analyze the technical problem posed (employing state of the art, library/ documentation, etc...) . Choose the tools best suited to the problem. Participate in cooperative work sessions (design events, design to cost, ...) . Define the cured model (external and internal geometry, materials, etc ...) while respecting design rules (safety and security, norms and standards, etc...) and applying best practices. Build a synthesis of the performances and concludes on conformity from the Product Specifications with the help of all available tools and Methods Ensure that knowledge gained in the project is captured (summaries, reports, design guide updates, etc) , shared, and documented for future utilization. Experience needed : Send by mail Invalid or unrecognized e- mail address Invalid or unrecognized e- mail address Receive a copy * Mandatory fields Your message has been sent Ref: 16001060 Skills required ME/ MTech/ MS in Mechanical / Automobile/ Design with 1 to 2 yrs of R D experience is preferable Fair compensation A pleasant working environment Dedicated career managers An individualised training program High- quality management reference jobs 4, 000 people trained every day of employees find their work stimulating 1, 300 committed trainers career managers nationalities represented 7, 17 million training hours in 2013 internships per year of employees received training in 2013 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Michelin India Tamilnadu Tyres Pvt Ltd Michelin India Tamilnadu Tyres Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details