TITLE: Deputy Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Reinsurance Technical Accounting process includes accounting for reinsurance premiums, commissions, claims, reserves, deposits, reinstatements etc for various types of assumed and retro contracts. The team also handles the cash disbursements and cash receipts allocation of technical entries. The Assumed teams are responsible for handling and input of technical accounting information received from cedents/ brokers, while the ceded team takes the information input by the assumed team and then generates the ceded booking statements that are then entered into the system and sent out to the retrocessionaires. The person working on the team is responsible to resolve any issues that may arise while processing the accounts; they have the responsibility to ensure that the numbers entered into the sub- system are correct and are settled in a timely manner. They also need to ensure that the proper backups and calculations are available for auditors as and when required. The person required for the role should be Graduate/ Post Graduate B.Com / M.Com / MBA - Finance freshers What will your essential responsibilities include Development Management Information tools & dashboards by understanding Business specifications and translating them into automated modules. Development & Testing of Change Management of the reporting tools. Production and maintenance of appropriate supporting documentation (in respect of the process, systems and controls) . Detailed & in depth analysis of financial results and various heads profit & loss account Drive process automation and standardization of various reports / dashboards / presentations. Creation and implementation of proper controls and quality checks for deliverables. Preparation and development of comprehensive MIS packs Watermark Report Interactive Reports Budget variance & ratio analysis by business segment, region, country & legal entity Maintain strong communication with onshore team (both written and verbal) and manage expectations. Take complete ownership of assigned activities and manage the delivery in all circumstances. Be Innovative and take up process improvements and help other members in implementation of approved projects. Be a team player, help the team to meet critical deliverables and be involved in the development of team. Actively participate in leveraging technology and future rollouts as per business needs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:CA, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Were looking for the individual to have following abilities and skills: Chartered Accountant with 5- 7 years of post- qualification or MBA (Finance) with 8- 9 years of post- qualification experience in an organization of repute. Strong proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint Strong communication & interpersonal skills to work effectively with internal/ external teams across the globe. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Organized, methodical, able to deal effectively with multiple priorities and do multitasking Ability to work independently in a fast paced environment Solution oriented person delivering efficient workable solutions to business problems Self- starter and have passion for results. Company Profile: The XL Catlin group The XL Catlin group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details