TITLE: Business Development Associate

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Development and Partnership Associate As a part of Business Development Associate you will be working with the top management todevelop new partnerships and do business development. What kind of person are we looking for: We are looking for a fresh graduate from a top tier institute, with a lot of passion for technology start ups. Bonus point if you have some internship experience in start ups High- energy, company first, team first, positive attitude Independent, responsible and productive: We are looking for someone who can run fast, after initial handholding. You should take meaningful responsibility and initiative Problem solver: it a cliche, but this cliche is important for us! You should be able independently research and resolving partner questions or concerns in a timely manner... yes there will be fire, but fighting fire should be fun for you Team team team: We are very collegial, we collaborate, we help each other, we teach each other, we grow with each other Develop frameworks to analyze information, situations and data. Separate critical from mundane, using 80/ 20 principles An understanding of the consumer finance/ banking industry's issues Good with numbers: digest numbers/ data, analyze it, use this data to make. Share your insights in a crisp and simple- digestable form to your team, colleagues and management You should be able to develop high- level relationships with partners - you will develop partnerships and work on developing new business as well As a part of this role, you will be ensuring management of monthly client billing and invoicing. You have to take responsibility to follow up with client/ relationship managers Multitasking is as usual as eating cereals! We value our colleagues for outcomes and effort, and not for seeking credit Compensation Compensation will be competitive, in line with best in the industry Opportunity to impact peoples lives and be a change agent in the banking services Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details