TITLE: WEB DESIGNER (1- 2 YRS)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Divine is an innovative, managed Outsourcing and Internet strategy company whose forte lies in being creative and an early technology adopter. Were obsessed with design and technology. Its holds very true for us. However, the team behind it has great skills with years of collective experience in web, apps, and software development. Working with some of the top clients of USA and Eastern countries acts as a perfect catalyst to give our best. A push the limit attitude drives each one of us to perform better. It is in this environment that our team of programmers, designers and content writers work in. Ours is a team which is cohesive, competent and competitive. Most importantly, it is a team committed to the client. Being into professional web design / codes development the company believes in growing with its clients. Job Description Divine Pixel & Codes urgently required a WEB DESIGNER with maximum 1 years of relevant experience. Salary Negotiable Min Experience- 1 year KEY SKILLS REQUIRED: 1.Must be expert in HTML5, CSS3 (semantic & standards- compliant) and Responsive development practices. 2. Work closely with back- end developer in getting work executed & ensuring client satisfaction. 3.Debug & fix issues related to browser compatibility. 4.Develop clean & structured HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript code & CMS for front- end applications. 5.Understanding of various JS framworks and Angular JS. Send your updated CV and covering letter explaining how you meet our requirements to hr1 at divinepnc dot com. Venue: Divine Pixel & codes Pvt. Ltd. A- 138, 1st Floor, or 63, Noida Contact Person: Sakshi Contact No: +91 120- 4262014, 8373937875 Qualifications Any graduate or postgraduate with good communication skills. Preference to early joiner. Prior relevant experience is must. Additional Information SKILLS REQUIRED: html , htlm5 , css , cms , web designer , website designer, UI developer, Responsive Website Designing is must. I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Divine Pixel Codes Pvt Ltd Divine Pixel Codes Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details