TITLE: vp engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summery: Designation : VP Engineering Qualification : Computer / IT / Software Engineering Experience : 6- 10Yrs Salary : 15- 20Lakh PA Location : Gurgaon Skills Required : CSS, JAVA Script, LAMP, E- Commerce Smart 4 Talent jobs: VP Engineering in Gurgaon jobs: VP Engineering in Gurgaon VP Engineering in Gurgaon 15- 20Lakh PA Position Summery Designation : VP Engineering Qualification : Computer / IT / Software Engineering Experience : 6- 10Yrs Salary : 15- 20Lakh PA Location : Gurgaon Skills Required : CSS, JAVA Script, LAMP, E- Commerce 2016- 04- 19 Job Information Designation : VP Engineering Qualification : Computer / IT / Software Engineering, Preferred IIT Experience : 6- 10Yrs Salary : 15- 20Lakh PA Location : Gurgaon Skills Required : CSS, JAVA Script, LAMP, E- Commerce Job Role Responsibilities You love to code and hack engineering problems while building quality products. You have successfully grown a technology division from 10- 15 engineers to 50+ engineers. You have a minimum of 6 years experience in the field. You thrive in high- pressure environments and are ready to resonate the culture throughout the team you build and work with. You are a savvy product- minded business- person with strong analytical, communication, and interpersonal skills. You are an expert people manager and take pride in the success of your team. You know what it takes to mentor both individual contributors and team leaders and get them to the next level in their career. Youve built high- velocity teams, you know how to guide teams to maximize speed and quality, and how to continually build the right amount of process to maximize efficiency at each point of a rapid organizational growth curve. You will be responsible for the day- to- day management of the engineering team and will also collaborate with product owners on the direction of our platform and product. You have prior experience providing technical leadership and driving product delivery, scrum methodology and Git branch/ merge model. You have expert knowledge in build processes, automation testing, and devops. You optimize not only your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. You have experience in using JIRA or other software development tracker tools to implement the Agile process management, be it Scrum or Kanban. You have experience with RESTful APIs. You have experience in the following: PHP, Databases, NET Framework (current platform, shifting to PHP) , Magento or similar Marketplace frameworks (IMPORTANT, as your insight, will be shaping the future of the technology stack of the Company) Nice to have: Familiarity with Slack, Asana, HTML, CSS, or any other tools that are implemented in a startup environment. If you are interested apply here, Please feel free to get in touch with us for any Inquiry/ clarification. Director VP Professionals we are going to expand business pan india. Director VP level professionals Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Smart4talent Smart4talent Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details