TITLE: Technical Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES Manage projects and/ or strategic initiatives with accountability for the delivery of multiple projects including the creation and management of project charter, project plan, and detailed implementation plan ensuring the project scope is scheduled in manageable components. Ensure projects assigned are delivered on time, on scope, on budget. Closely monitor timelines and financial budgets to ensure adherence with approved project plans. Take necessary action should any of the above be inconsistent with project charter/ plan. Assist clients with communication management (i. e. the preparation of project, client and executive reports) . Assist with documentation, which will include the preparation of Statements of Work, proposals, contracts, estimates, requirements analysis, technical audits. Prepare, contribute to, and deliver client presentations concerning project scope, timeline, activities, issues, budget and progress as required. Manage client expectations on project deliverables. Manage project scope through the appropriate project change management procedures. Identify and anticipate issues and risks. Be prepared to manage issues and risks that may arise and resolve issues that prevent project success. Complete and coordinate complex technical, system and process audits on client and internal engagements. Interview and select third party vendors and contractors as required. Manage the work efforts and budgets provided for third party providers and consultants. Facilitate team meetings to communicate progress, status, issues, assignments and urgency. Perform and document post- project reviews. Outline recommendations for future projects. Provide performance feedback on project team members. DESIRED SKILLS/ EXPERIENCE Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with strong presentation and facilitation skills (proficiency in Visio, Word and PowerPoint) Demonstrated ability to influence and consult (providing options with pros, cons and risks) while providing thought leadership to sponsors/ stakeholders in solving governance, program/ project management, business process and/ or technical problems Strong interpersonal skills; customer- centric attitude; ability to deal with cultural diversity Proven team player and team builder Strong organizational and analytical skills EDUCATION AND/ OR CERTIFICATIONS 5- 7 years of Project Management experience with demonstrable results. 5- 10 years of IT experience in any of the following areas: Development, Support, Testing, Project Management or Maintenance. University degree in a related field - preferred. PMP Designation or equivalent - preferred. ITIL V2 or V3 Foundations Certification - preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Computer Science ) Company Profile: Alcor Solutions Inc. Alcor Solutions Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details