TITLE: Opening for Openerp/odoo Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi Greetings of the Day, We have an Urgent Opening for Open ERP/Odoo Developer For one of the Leading IT Company in India Job Title- Developer Job Location- Delhi Job CTC- No bar For Right Candidate Job Description- Odoo / OpenERP Developer - 2 Design and develop Odoo apps(new module development , customization) Develop application/features that affect everyday lives. Work on Python and Odoo framework of existing apps. Add a distinctive trait to any product. Key skills should be able to customize modules according to requirements. Good Odoo 8-9 knowledge is a must. Experienced in Server and multi database Odoo/Ubuntu environments. Should have minimum 1-5 years of experience Object oriented programming. HTML, Javascript, Python, Odoo(OpenERP)Framework, XML. Interested candidates can share their CV- kartik@savyhr.com I I Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Savy Hr Management Savy HR management is a leading end to end hr management company with a focus of executive search/recruitment/temporary staffing/recruitment process outsourcing.With present in india savy hr management is the fastest growing hr company in its recpective matkets. savy hr is the premium destination for talented candidates &amp;amp; clients commited to staffing top tier professionals. our role is to work with employers &amp;amp; job seekers to facilitate a successful match.this can range from advising a global company on a candidates sourcing strategy to helping a job seeker find their dreams jobs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details