TITLE: System Administrator 3- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Define, design, and implement network communications and solutions within a fast- paced, leading edge database/ applications company. Perform performance trend analysis and manage the server/ network capacity. Propose client configuration and implement technical solutions to enhance and/ or troubleshoot the system. Work with others to define, coordinate vendor purchase needs. Responsible for support documentation as well. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years of related experience in a medium to large network distributed and computing environment. BS in Computer Science or related field. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required PDIT teams strive to respond rapidly to the changing needs of Oracle's business and ensures high degree of satisfaction among our partners.PDIT Infrastructure group provides 24 x 7 support for Enterprise systems currently from America, Asia / Pac and India. The team builds, provisions and maintains the key infrastructure necessary to allow Oracle product development teams to design, build, test and release Oracle products and technologies at an ever increasing pace to meet market needs. The team provides systems, storage, infrastructure, Interoperability and operating systems support for Oracle and its customers from multiple data centers. An ideal candidate should be having a 5 years of SystemAdministration experience with hands on in Linux/ Solaris and Windows OperatingSystems. The candidate should also have knowledge of virtualization, Backup and Storage Operations. Certification in ITIL/ Linux/ Solaris will be an addedadvantage. The candidate will be responsible to remain current with development in the space of Technology changes. The candidate should be willing to work in24 X 7 operations and in shifts Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details