TITLE: Associate Consultant- Transitions

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Service Designer is responsible for ensuring new or enhanced services are built and delivered with an efficient and effective Service capability. The Service Designer ensures all aspects of operational Service Management are considered by Project and Management teams during a project. This is achieved by following the Service Design and Readiness process, working with (and sometimes establishing) operational support teams to meet service acceptance criteria, gathering and documenting the non- functional service requirements and developing the Service Definition. What will your essential responsibilities include Work with Enterprise Shared Services (ESS) project teams and understand client priorities and constraints, stakeholder impact and business benefits. Support the clarification of the clients service requirements to ensure Service Management principles are covered and documented. Understand the XL Catlin transition methodology to advise and challenge were required For new projects, assessing the impact to any existing service (s) and updating the Service Management agreements and documentation as appropriate. Coordinate with ESS central and offshore teams to ensure delivery of key project milestones e.g. communications, recruitment and IT readiness Execute the design process to ensure the correct principles and options are catered for and documented. Working closely with existing operational support areas to ensure the service that is built is fit for purpose and can be supported. Manage multiple work streams and provide insight into risks and issues on a global ESS context Supporting the hand over to guided support and live running, owning all Service related issues identified. Transferring the solution to become the responsibility of the SSC Management team. You will report to ( Samantha Beaumont - Head of Shared Service Centre Transitions) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Transitions/Migrations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Were looking for someone who has these abilities and skills: The role requires individuals of graduate / A- level caliber ITIL Foundation knowledge. Experience in a Financial Services environment Understanding of the project life cycle and the techniques and methods supporting requirements gathering and designing Demonstrates excellent communication skills, a confident and articulate presenter, exercising appropriate discretion in dealing with people from all levels of the company Ability to build effective working relationships, establishing credibility amongst a wide and demanding client group Excellent attention to detail and a meticulous eye for identifying inconsistencies or inaccuracies T he role would suit highly driven self- starters, with a strong desire to challenge and deliver Strong interpersonal skills Ability to work within a team Ability to think logically, analyze situations and problem solve Ability to motivate and influence people in order to elicit high quality work output Company Profile: The XL Catlin group The XL Catlin group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details