TITLE: Associate Director- Information Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Objective The incumbent is accountable for conducting full lifecycle activities to include requirements analysis and design, develop analysis and reporting capabilities, and continuously monitor performance and quality control plans for all business, corporate and supporting software systems. The role will drive all data and analytics related initiatives in collaboration with business functions such as Risk, Operations etc. with focus on delivery, integration and maintenance of data to enable business strategy and increase business competitive capability through application of appropriate technology solutions. Key Responsibilities Focal point for making sound decisions related to data collection, data analysis, data security, methodologies and designs. Define end to end Data Architecture, Data Dictionary and Build/Buy Tools and Means to normalize and Digitize Data Received from various sources. Conduct research to collect and assemble data for databases and Data warehouse - Responsible for design/development of relational databases for collecting data. Make recommendations about the methods company should use to collect, analyze and manage data to improve data quality and the efficiency of data systems. Maintain data integrity, availability and Confidentiality during collection, extraction, manipulation, processing, analysis and storage. Define and build key performance metrics and provide analytics and Business intelligence capabilities Develop and implement data collection and analytic systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Filter and ldquocleanrdquo data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems Partner with business to effectively prioritize development activities within resource availability, effectively managing, resolving and communicating with stakeholders on all support issues. Lead change efforts by challenging others to continuously improve; fosters new original and creative solutions while taking what exists and making it betterHave knowledge of and be able to use software development methodologies like Waterfall, Iterative, Prototyping, Agile using XP and SCRUM Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. Prior experience in Building Data Warehousing and Data Analytic Solutions is desirable Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks) Able to execute projects using Quality models and tools like CMMi and ISO standards. Understanding of SOA, Business Intelligence and analytics tools, Enterprise Content Management, Information Management, Knowledge Management, System Integration, Portals etc. Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.) Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings Good design skills using n-tier architectures (scalability, multithreading, caching, Security, business & data layers) or SOA based applications Knowledge of SQL and Oracle database. Ability to develop enterprise-wide strategy, plan, design, and build databases, data warehouses, data marts, etc. Have knowledge on different estimations techniques like FPA, Work Break Down, etc. Thorough understanding of Web and Windows Services. Behavioral/Others Ability to collaborate with multiple teams and departments. Should be able to communicate with all levels of technology, business, third party vendors and customer both verbally and in writing. Problem solving and critical thinking abilities, demonstrated analytical skills with high attention to detail. Proven time management proficiency to handle multiple projects concurrently. Ability to work independently and in teams Ability to adapt to constant change Self-motivated and enthusiastic. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Computer Science ) Company Profile: India Mortgage Guarantee Corporation Pvt. Ltd India Mortgage Guarantee Corporation (IMGC) was founded with a vision to make early home ownership a real possibility through the provision of Mortgage Guarantees. In other words, we provide Mortgage Guarantees with the intention to mitigate risk taken by lenders, banks and housing finance companies, over time making it easier for people to get access to home loans with lower down payment amounts ( as prescribed by regulations) earlier in life than would have been possible without IMGC's involvement. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details