TITLE: Associate Consultant, Ceded Central Operations Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop an international outlook and expertise by providing solutions and support to multiple international locations across borders and across cultures. Develop a key profile by supporting senior management and operation leaders with critical workflow information and application change support. Develop domain expertise across Life and P&C reinsurance. Exposure to new tools and techniques used for process improvements and business re- engineering. What will your essential responsibilities include Setting up/ amending reinsurer/ brokers name & bank details on business systems for global use. Inputting FX rates in the system for global use. Identify and assist in the enhancement of processes and procedures to improve overall performance. Integration of any new processes into the Ceded Central Operations team. Responsible for the processing and reviewing FATCA process. Collation and management of procedure manuals and process documentation. Maintain and develop Ceded Res site permissions and documentation within the XL Catlin Internal Portal The Pen Prepare and support on monthly & quarterly reports, assist with the analysis of reports. Develop and streamline the existing and new reporting requirements, keeping them standardized, but flexible enough to incorporate last minute changes and adjustment in fast moving reporting environment Ensure compliance towards all regulatory & system controls. Ensure to act as a backup in case of other team members unavailability You will report to Assistant Manager, Ceded Central Operations Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Were looking for someone who has these abilities and skills: Graduate/ Postgraduate in Commerce MIS/ Reporting background in Insurance/ Reinsurance domain is preferred Essential ability to follow defined processes/ procedures manuals Intermediate to advance knowledge of MS office tools like Excel (Pivot, charts etc.) is a must. Excellent analytical and trouble- shooting skills and ability to analyze financial and operational data. Self- motivated with good use of time management skills Flexible, able to deal with changing priorities and meet tight deadlines Ability to work in a team environment Readiness to work in UK hours Accuracy and thoroughness in all operational and administation task Confidence to raise issues with local management without delay Company Profile: The XL Catlin group The XL Catlin group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details