TITLE: Sales Representative II Structural Heart

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main Purpose: Achieve targeted unit and revenue AOP in your assigned territory at agreed ASPs excluding Oxygenators ; CTP Business. To practice good territory management in terms of organization, administration and expense planning and control. To ensure that the companys agreed quality standards are maintained with regard to its products, procedures, policies, operations and customer contact. Key Accountabilities: Meet the customers as per agreed frequency in the master list to make SH products top of the mind recall for Customers Execute marketing campaignsand drip campaigns to distributor team and feedback on campaign / results to the PM / PE Work jointly with distributor reps to ensure campaign implementation Create newer opportunities to enhance business and to work towards tapping them. Maintain and develop new KOLs for our therapies by Identifying the upcoming operators in the region Constantly update the customer list, collect market data, collect and analyze sales data to plan for successfully achieving the assigned Targets Submit monthly tour plan, customer visit report, Secondary sales, distributor review etc. on agreed timelines Have periodic reviews with distributor/ team on the progress - revenues/ customers wise sales Practice effective Inventory management in the territory. Make sure distributors have 2 months inventories for R; ST and 4 months for HV and accordingly orders placed. Focus on effectively managing the investments in the territory by targeted event management activities. Conduct marketing initiatives/ CME as planned for the quarter Promptly attend to customer service needs - directly or through distributor Constantly update the knowledge on latest on our products/ therapies In HV create new implanters for MDT tissue valves and drive product segmentation Gain expertise in underpenetrated therapies like repair ; AF Qualifications Any Science Graduate with MBA/ PG as an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details