TITLE: Manager Operations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Provide support to call center TL's and agents and administer everyday business of call center. - Monitor call center operations and ensure high quality of services. - Drive KPIs through team leads. - Generating innovative ideas that are cost-effective ensuring profitability to the company. - Assist supervisors and ensure various metrics for productivity are met and exceeded and prepare necessary reports required for the same. - Work with team supervisors and identify call volume trends and maximize ways to improve quality and productivity. - Plan annual business and prepare strategies for forecasting and meeting budgetary plans. - Maintain knowledge on various best industry practices and develop associated strategies. - Analyze processes and recommended new technologies for incorporation in system.. - Presenting monthly/quarterly performance in the monthly review meetings. - Ensuring that the team is well equipped, well trained, and motivated to meet the service level agreement of the company. - Ensuring that the employees adhere to the company's rules and are in sync with the company's mission and values. - Weekly review with clients for Target & Service levels with ability to analyze and re-engineer processes towards driving improvement and change, if required. - Briefing the team on process updates, improvement areas and other important functions, given/required by the clients or/and Epicenter. - Interacting with HR team to reduce attrition & absences and improve employee morale. - Conducting training sessions every week for the bottom performers. - Adaptable and ability to adhere to client and company requirements. - Following prescribed Escalation Matrix. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should have manage team strength of 100-150 agents Experience in running Telecom, BFSI sales / Inbound process is desirable. Company Profile: Interactive Marketing Pvt Ltd Interactive Marketing Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details