TITLE: Secretary to the Senior GM ( Customer Service )

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Service Coordinator/Secretary to the Senior GM ( Customer Service ) . The incumbent would require to assist the senior GM's office in the day to day activities related to business operations . This would require written / telephonic flow of communication from the Sr.GM office, maintainance of files and reports , data management , MIS ,coordination of daily activities related to service operations . The job requires decent knowledge of MS Excel. The incumbent should have exposure of working on data and maintaining the historical data for future reference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kent Ro Systems We are a 21st century health care products company with a vision for making the world a healthy and a happy family. Our mission is to produce innovative health care products that purify the water we drink, the food we eat and the air we breath, thus help people live healthier. For us, bringing health care products for you, is more than just a business, it is a passion. It is, in fact the very purpose of our existence.Pioneers in bringing revolutionary RO technology to India for the first time, Kent, started in 1995 in Noida, Despite a humble beginning, today Kent is a strong organization with offices spread across Delhi, NCR, Mumbai and other major cities. Most importantly, having lacs of satisfied customers to its credit.Our product philosophy is unambiguous. We help people in attaining the biggest and most precious wealth, perfect health, and this is reflected in our range of health care products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details