TITLE: Guest Service Agent Front Office

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What's your passion Whether you're into cricket, reading or hiking, at IHG we're interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. At the moment we are looking for Guest Service Agent Front Office to join our youthful and dynamic team at Holiday Inn New Delhi International Airport. The Holiday Inn New Delhi International Airport is located within minutes of the Delhi Airport with convenient access to both international and domestic terminals. With its strategic location and easy access to both Gurgaon and New Delhi business districts & tourist hotspots, the hotel is ideally equipped for business, leisure and transit travellers hotel. You'll be an integral member of the hotels team. As a Guest service associate you will be expected to handle daily checkins/ checkouts and all guest queries and concerns coming to the front desk. You will also take care of day to day front office operations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Front Office/Customer Care Role:Front Office/Guest Relations Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Ideally, you will have a Bachelors' degree and minimum 1 year of experience in a similar role coupled with excellent communications skills, written & oral proficiency in English and any local language (if applicable) and presentation skills. In return, we'll give you a competitive benefits package including salary, discounted accommodation world wide and the opportunity to progress your career with IHG. You'll have the chance to work with a great team of people, and most importantly, we'll give you Room to be yourself. So what's your passion Please apply on- line and tell us how you can bring your individual skills to IHG. To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG please look at www.ihg.com/ careers . Company Profile: InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd InterContinental Hotels Group (India) Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details