TITLE: Chief Manager - Newspaper Ad Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for the achievement of assigned targets through acquisition and retention of key corporate clients for the specified region thereby leading to maximum revenue generation for the organization. Key Responsibilities: Oslash To generate maximum revenue by ensuring the achievement of assigned targets in the corporate segment. Oslash To maintain and develop strong relationships with existing clients by understanding their requirements, their yearly spends and providing them with excellent client servicing. Oslash To prepare sales reports including daily call report, weekly reports, sales projection reports, monthly sales plan etc through competition tracking and market analysis. Oslash To maximize the market share by developing strategies as well as entering into non- monetary alliances with clients. Oslash Should have thorough understanding of media business strategy, advertising business development, strategic IMC and ad sales. Oslash To manage varied category of print brands which have footprints in different parts of the country and cater to varied audiences. Oslash Should closely work with Brand and Strategy team to generate size- able revenue on brand led BTL activities. Oslash To strategize various new methods of revenue generation - like content customization, content selling, etc. Market Intelligence Oslash Data Analysis. Oslash Cross media knowledge especially print, TV, Digital and BTL communications (selling, planning & execution) Oslash Strong creative and lateral thinking capabilities. Content customization, relevant product placement and selling. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aspiration Aspiration Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details