TITLE: Sr. Executive - Taxation

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sales Tax : Preparation & filing of Monthly/Quarterly/Annual Sales Tax returns (both manual & e-returns). Ensure payment of all taxes within due dates. Reconciliation of Sales Tax returns with books of accounts Filing of VAT Audit Report within due dates wherever applicable. Follow-up with sales teams for collection of Concessional Forms from Customers. Obtaining, issuing & maintaining of records of Concessional Forms issued to vendors. Generation of e-Sugam / Way Bills as required for both incoming and outgoing material movement and maintain its records. Central Excise, Customs & Service Tax : Ensure availment of Cenvat credit on time for Central Excise and counter vailing duty. Preparation & filing of monthly/annual Central Excise returns & its reco with book of accounts. Fulfilment of other procedure (like ARE1 and ARE 3) under Central Excise Act. Ensure availment of service tax input credit on time. Prepare monthly working and half yearly Service Tax returns. Reconciliation of Service Tax working with books of accounts on monthly basis. Payment of service tax within due date. TDS: Remittance of TDS and filing of e-TDS returns in due date. Generating TDS certificate from website and issuance of the same to our vendors. Follow up with sales dept. for collection of TDS certificate & maintaining proper records of the same. Reconciliation between TDS certificate received from customers and TDS credit available in Form 26AS. Salary: Best in the industry Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Taxation(Indirect) Manager Keyskills Accounting Service Tax TDS Central Excise Returns Cenvat Sales Tax Customs Auditing E - TDS VAT CST Desired Candidate Profile B. Com graduate with 04 - 08 years of relevant work experience.Excellent knowledge of Direct, Indirect Taxes and Accounting knowledge.Excellent organisational skills with the ability to deliver to set deadlines.Excellent problem solving and statistical analysis skills.Proven ability in multitasking and prioritising workload.Good working experience in computer and proficient in MS Office. Education- UG: B.Com PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Fanuc India Private Limited FANUC India Pvt. Ltd. is a subsidiary of FANUC LTD Japan who are world leaders in Factory Automation & Robotics technologies. The Indian operations has factories in Bangalore and a sales and service network spread across industrial belts of the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details