TITLE: Group Account Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Expertiz Human Asset Management Job Description Urgent opening for an Group Account Manager - BD CS - Events Activation - Delhi Posted On : 21 st Apr 2016 06: 30 AM Role / Position Group Account Manager - BD CS 5 plus years Description Our Client is a leading experiential marketing agency, seeks a Group Account Manager- BD CS (Events Activations) in its branch at Delhi. We are an awarded agency with specialized business divisions in Events, Activations, Corporate Journeys and Digital. : Group Account Manager Business Development Client Service Key requirements: Graduate (MBA preferred) with experience of 5+ yrs in client servicing in the Event industry Proven ability to build relationships at senior levels Good client contacts in corporate or Strong presentation skills Creative and structured approach to concept selling and client relationship management. Job Role: Client servicing Business Development Identifying and networking to generate business from the existing accounts, achieving profitability. Proactively following up with existing clients to get briefs for events that would have happened in the previous years. Mapping needs of new brands/ clients generate business from them Meet the client to attain a clear understanding on the idea and close the brief. Coordinate with the Concept team to receive the concept within the timeframe required. Make the necessary changes to compile a final presentation, ready to present to a client. Receive the Designs from Creative send the same along with the brief to the Operations team for the Costing. Receive the Cost Sheet from Production. Check every element of the costing ensure that this cost sheet contains all elements as laid out in the presentation. Meet the client to close the brief. Client Satisfaction retention Ability to upsell Activity Execution Post Activity Closures Coordinate with all stakeholders involved in the activity to ensure the delivery of creatives, art work, set design and all other elements of the activity. All elements must be as desired by the client. One may be present at the activity and oversee that all goes as planned and the client is satisfied. Oversee the overall production quality of the activity. Ensure the delivery of all promises to the client. Be available to address any queries of the client. In the case that the client requires any additional elements, one must hand over the Onsite Requirements Form to the client. The approved form may then be handed over to Operations. Oversee the production quality of the activation. Ensure closure of payment advice (PA) in co ordination with production. Check the PA made by Production Send the PA to MIS team for an Invoice to be generated. Send an Invoice to the Client. Key Account Management: Mapping key clients requirements and providing them customized business solutions. Identifying and networking with existing key accounts, generating business from the existing accounts, achieving profitability and increased sales growth. Create compelling concepts and marketing strategies as per brand requirement and after evaluating target markets Compliance with Commercial Internal procedures Adhere to processes: PO/ Contract/ Confirmation mail to be raised before commence of activity Work with advances as per advance policy of the Company Ensure all Weekly Reports, HOD Meeting Reports are sent to Head of Department Billing to client post activity completion Collection of payment from clients for activities executed Understanding of brand (for allocated clients) Preparing Internal review / post activity report If interested, please share your updated profile along with ctc details Send Resumes to Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: expertiz expertiz Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details