TITLE: Excellent Opportunity_technical Specialist - Hyperion_investment Bank

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company: Leading Investment Bank Designation: Technical Specialist Hyperion Location: Gurgaon Salary: Best in the industry Experience: 7 yrs to 10 yrs Experience and Qualifications Around 7 10 years of technical experience in developing Hyperion Planning and Essbase in Development and Support functions. Around 4 years of support experience. At least one end to end to implementation of Hyperion modules like HFM, Planning or Essbase. Expertise in any one Hyperion Module HFM, Essbase or Planning. FDQM, DRM & EPMA experience is desirable. Familiarity with EPMA based applications and Calc Manager rules. Around 4 years of Hyperion Administration or Support Experience Finance exposure is preferred. Experience of any source control tool SVN would be a plus Familiarity with SQL and Database concepts Knowledge of essential Software Engineering principles Sound Knowledge of ITIL practices Excellent written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to work well under pressure and in a team environment Self-motivated, flexible, responsible, and a penchant for quality Ability to work closely with cross-functional teams. Ability to prioritise own activities, work under hard deadlines. Key Responsibilities Work in the support team alongside the vendor providing managed service on supporting Hyperion applications. Ability to critically examine solutions provided by the vendor in a managed service mode Establish efficient and automated health check processes. The scope of responsibility also covers monitoring business critical month end processes and work on improving them. Demonstrate technical leadership. Apt at converting business requirement to technical design document Design a solution in line with the Architect vision and also making sure that it is supportable once live Ability to deliver an end to end green field implementation Ability to guide/mentor juniors in the team. Report root cause of the incidents and present ideas on how to prevent the incidents from occurring in future. Ensure adherence to incident and change management processes. Regular engagement with Business & Systems Teams looking to adopt and apply the best practice of Service Support. Demonstrates continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times, streamline work processes, and work cooperatively and jointly to provide quality seamless customer service. Flexibility to work in shifts (on-demand & short-term basis), and/or on weekends Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GI Staffing Services Pvt. Ltd GI Staffing Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details