TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Candidate should have min 3- 5 yrs. of relevant Android Development experience in a professional environment 2. Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes 3. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back- end services 4. Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices 5. Strong OOPs fundamentals, Java, XML, JSON, Web Services, SQLite databases. Knowledge of HTML and Javascript a plus 6. Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning 7. Ability to design applications around natural user interfaces, such as touch 8. Familiarity with the use of additional sensors, such as gyroscopes and accelerometers 9. Knowledge of the open- source Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks 10. Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications 11. Understanding of Googles Android design principles and interface guidelines Responsibilities: 1. Deal with clients data, feeds and designs and Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code 2. Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable Java code 3. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application 4. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs 5. Co- operation with other development team members (e.g. Project manager, Web programmers, graphic designers, and authors, quality assurance) in the production of a finished product. 6. Ability to work on project without detailed instructions; taking the initiative with this job is important. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lynchpin HR Services Lynchpin HR Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details