TITLE: Assistant Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities 1: Person will work from offshore in the technical track of client engagements to perform activities such as functional design, technical design, build, unit testing. 2: He will also be responsible to lead the offshore technical team and report the status back to onshore contact(s). 3: Ability to understand the business requirement and translate to functional design and technical design 4: Ability to ramp up on latest releases of Oracle Applications like Oracle Fusion and supporting integration and reporting tools. 5: Ability to produce artifacts such as analysis specification (AN.100), design specification (DS.140), IM.090 (installation document), release packs, unit test plan and desktop 6: Participate in quality assurance process for all technical deliverables 7: Strong oral and written communication skills is a MUST. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Functional Unit Testing Oracle Apps Oracle Fusion Quality Assurance Reporting Tools Test Planning Technical Design Written Communication Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Technical Experience:1: Atleast 2 end-to-end implementation in Oracle E-Business Suite / Oracle Fusion in Financials/Procurement areas.2: Must have significant experience in atleast one of these areas: - Integration: Oracle Fusion Integrations or PL/SQL interfaces for Oracle EBS. Knowledge of Oracle Fusion FBDI is a plus. Knowledge of SOAP/REST web services is preferable. Exposure to SOA and similar middleware will be an added advantage. - Reporting: BI Publisher Reports. FRS/FSG reports experience is a plus. - Conversions/Data migration experience in Oracle EBS/Oracle Fusion Cloud.3: Experienced in gathering business requirements for custom solutions, writing functional and technical design documents (AN.100/MD.050, DS.140/MD.070, unit test plan, IM.090/MD.120)4: Should be able to prepare proof of concept and demonstrate them to clients. Qualifications and Skills M.C.A. / B.E. / B Tech with relevant work experience.2 to 8 years of relevant experience in integrations, conversions, reports Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: KPMG KPMG Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details