TITLE: Retail Store Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Retail Store Manager - Gurgaon - Chumbak Design Pvt. Ltd. - Job Board All about Chumbak Were 5 years old. Wow. 5 years old. Founded in 2010, our dream was to make some really fun products with some epic design. Along the way, the kind of products that we made grew from Souvenirs, Stationery, Tees and Boxers to Phone Cases, Jewellery, Laptop Sleeves, Bags and Wallets to eventually a whole lot of stuff for our homes like Furniture, Lighting, Crockery, Rugs and loads more. We have over 35 Pop up Stores in your favourite malls all across India, with loads more coming soon. Our really large Flagship Stores in Delhi and Bangalore house the entire Chumbak range and were opening a whole bunch more. All this has culminated in the launch of a completely new look for Chumbak which has garnered us many rave reviews and allowed the brand to express itself in a much more comprehensive way as a lifestyle brand. 2015 will add a whole lot more to this story. Stay tuned. #Promise : ) Headquartered in Bangalore, were based out of Indiranagar, in the heart of the city. Working at Chumbak is all about moving fast and smart. It is a lot of fun and at the same time its about constantly learning and applying yourself every day. The teams work very closely with each other and there are no doors that need to be knocked on to have a discussion. It is this environment that makes working at Chumbak a pleasure. Why Chumbak Well, why Chumbak. Thats a great question. Were a fun startup. We make fun products. We love colour. We love challenging the status quo. (Sounds like gyan, but its true) : ) We dont think outside the box. We only use boxes for packaging. (Ok. That was really bad. Please remind us to give you a free magnet if hired. And a box.) Were growing really really fast. We want to make a difference. We love design. Scratch that. We obsess over design. We have a sense of humour. Were young. Youll get to work at the most awesome Chumbak Studio. We goof around, but we also take what were doing really seriously. Also if it helps, were huge foodies : ) What kind of people do we look for A lot of people ask us, what kind of people do we look for. What kind of people finally get hired to work at Chumbak. Honestly, theres no easy answer to this. But we put down some traits that we found common across the folks that make Team Chumbak. Hard working. Sounds cliched, but its true. We work our asses off. Were passionate about what were doing and were here to do some epic work. Passion. Were all passionate people. Passionate about a million things. Its that passion that shows at work. We laugh, we fight, we argue, we do fun stuff. Self Starters. We dont believe in hand holding. Theres no manual for what we do. We dont wait for others to teach us stuff. We learn on the job. Without egos. Organised and detail oriented. Self explanatory. Epic Communication Skills. Experiment. We love to experiment. We makes mistakes all the time. But we try. And thats what makes us tick. Respect. We respect each other. Doesnt matter if youre 18 or 40. Your opinion matters. Yup. That's all. Quite impressed that you've read all this gyan. You absolutely must apply for a job. Don't youthink Role Responsibilities Sales - Business targets are achieved within given period of time. Daily briefing - Sales of the previous working day as against targets - Store and Individual Targets for the current day - Any implementations (Schemes, New Processes, VM or Marketing POS) that have to be started on that day - Any significant achievement by a staff or a remarkable incident that occurred on the previous day - Specific issues that need to be addressed by the store manager or the team member. - Change in responsibilities, if any - All external communication which has to be passed on to the Team member. Grooming - Ensure that high standards of grooming amongst all members of the team - All store staff should be active, smart and clean shaved, should wear proper uniform, uniformly dressed, neat, clean and tidy. - All store staff should wear ID card and should be visible. - Sales staff should not be very casual in his approach to the customers. - Sales staff, security guard and the store manager should always carry a smile while greeting and dealing with the customers. - Guard should be standing at the door and should always greet the customer when he comes and leaves. - Follow and impart all grooming standards communicated from time to time. Manpower management - Lead with example. - Control employee attrition - Build and maintain employee morale - Ensure discipline. - Allocate and rotate responsibility amongst the customer relation associates - Prepare and maintain store roaster (weekly off) for all the store staff. This weekly off cannot be on weekend; it has to be fixed according to the convenience of store staff. People development - Identify Training and development inputs required by the store staff to equip them with the skills to understand and fulfil consumer needs. - Impart on the job training inputs to store staff. - Should train senior store staff about maintaining documents, billing procedure (refer billing SOP) , so that there is no difficulty in store operations in his absence. Visual merchandising - In store product presentation. Coordination of Visual Item presentation. - Maintenance and upkeep of all furniture and fixtures. - Assist team members in stacking, colour blocking, and replenishment for his/ her section and also in arranging window display. - The Central VM plan sent by the H.O is executed as per the guidelines. - Point- of- Purchase (POP) material must accompany a product on promotion/ offer. Customer handling - Provide excellent customer service in a manner that it differentiates our store from the rest of the market. - Share customer delight / WOW experience with the city manager. - Encourage building customer relationship with culture of service excellence for higher customer retention - Store manager has to ensure proper follow up of visitors book product request register. - Feedback expressing dissatisfaction or complaint needs to be addressed within 48 hours, and the same to be shared with the city manager. Cost management - Measurement of store operating costs. - Monitor Imprest cash and track expenses on a daily basis. - Regular timely remittance of sales proceeds to accounts/ commercial - Maintenance of all equipmentsIT, AC, music system etc - Ensure proper upkeep Cleanliness in store and Back room space in the store - Batch close total is taken out, cash is counted entered in the register, lights are switched off cash counter is locked before leaving the store. - Store manager has to ensure that assets are protected no employee is misusing the companys assets for his personal use. For e.g. carry bags, telephone, etc. Inventory management - Ordering of stocks. - Receipt of inventory. - Documentation of receipts and updation into the Shoppers system. - Documentation of returns (defects) and follow- up action. - Inventory reconciliation of Physical vs. Book stock. - Adherence to replenishment schedule MIS and sale analysis - Review sales performance of store periodically. - Ensure timely accurate information/ communication from the store to city manager and head office, pertaining to sales and competition in the area for periodic reviews. General/ Administration - Ensure that the statutory records are maintained properly and are up to date - See that the attendance and leave record register are maintained accurately and updated timely. - Ensure that all the relevant rules of the Shops and Establishments Act, Labor Act are strictly adhered to - Ensure that guard is maintaining all the registers properly. - Store manager will be responsible for protecting stock, cash and assets at all times at his/ her store. - All the equipments used in the store function smoothly. - Music levels should be comforting at all times. Desired Experience and Skills Education: Graduate, MBA is preferred Years of Experience: 3- 6 years, with atleast 6 months experience as ASM Should have: Experience in retail store management, with proven skills in meeting sales targets consistently Excellent customer management skills Very good retail operation knowledge, with a very good understanding of retail KPIs which help drive retail sales Excellent team management skills, ability to motivate staff, lead from the front and drive staff aggressively to meet sales targets Pleasant personality appearance with good grooming standards. Excellent communication skills, articulate, able to handle situations aptly under pressure Apply for this position In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!* Recipient Email Address (one) Enter a message (optional) The message cannot contain links Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Retail Store Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Chumbak Design Private Limited Chumbak Design Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details