TITLE: GM/ AGM- Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Spear heading Sales & Marketing operations including Planning, Business development, establishing targets & ensuring accomplishment of the same by sales team. Manage the entire marketing operations and developing team to promote sales and to meet the specific requirements of clients and thus to handle pre and post sales operation. Identify potential property associates and to establish a strong network of channel partners in India. Monitoring recovery and agreements, Involvement in negotiations with corporate personnel's, brokers, service associations. Managing the sales and marketing operations and accountable for increasing sales growth. Coordinate with the investors/ brands that have already invested with the group and identify new investors through brokers and reference of existing customers. Ensure execution of marketing plans of allotted projects. Will be responsible for pre- sales and post sales activities in order to maintain highest customer service level. Desired Profile: Qualifications: Degree in any discipline, PG with specialization in sales and marketing. Candidate Should have Real estate background and have minimum 6 years of experience. Computer experience. (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Internet) Effective oral communication in local language and written communication in Hindi and English. Must have the ability to make recommendations to effectively resolve problems or issues by using judgment that is consistent with company. Must be willing and able to travel extensively. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prateek Group Prateek Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details