TITLE: Senior Process Specialist- Catastrophe Modeling

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Quantify cat risk embedded in reinsurance submissions for the Reinsurance operations. Support broader risk management initiatives in collaboration with corporate areas. What will your essential responsibilities include Gather and interpret information from clients, brokers, and underwriters. Work with our customers to understand exposures, review modeling results, explain modeling limitations and resolve issues promptly. Model catastrophe reinsurance structures and strategies using primarily RMS and other vendors to support actuarial/ underwriting functions primarily serving workers comp and agribusiness business lines. Assess the data quality and make necessary assumptions for modeling. Create reports for client exposure and modeled losses. Support our facultative groups, analyzing both individual risk and portfolio level risk where required. Assist in preparing the quarterly aggregation reports, building out in- force portfolios and providing the corresponding loss distributions by peril/ region. Support projects that improve our function such as model validation, tool development, and data mining. Develop processes & scripts to facilitate data transfers and optimize risk calculations. Perform other job- related duties as assigned. You will report to (Rakesh Roshan, Manager Catastrophe Modeling) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Were looking for someone who has these abilities and skills: 4- 5 years of experience in a cat modeling role. Experience with RMS products, especially RiskLink, is necessary. AIR product experience preferred, but not required. Undergraduate- level knowledge of statistical and mathematical concepts required. Strong computer skills for using Microsoft Office (Excel, Access) , SQL, and VBA. Excellent analytical, interpersonal, communication and organizational skills Understanding of reinsurance terms and conditions preferred but not required. Company Profile: The XL Catlin group The XL Catlin group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details