TITLE: Customer Support Engr

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The Customer Support Engineer primary function is to provide expert technical support to Aeris Customers. This includes the isolation of issues customers may experience in using Aeris network services. Job Requirements The Customer Support Engineer will work with peers, managers, customers, and vendors to ensure that customer issues are resolved in a timely manner. Observation of all company security, safety, code of ethics and other compliance policies will also be required of the Customer Support Engineer. Duties and Responsibilities include but not limited to: Handle Customer trouble tickets and service requests within Customer SLAs via phone and e- mail. Provide support and customer assistance with troubleshooting and technical issues using web based tools and email. Drive the resolution of customer issues by applying technical expertise, product knowledge, communication and problem solving skills Prioritize issues of varying severity, and effectively manage the resolution or escalation of all issues within accepted service levels Complete analysis to identify and resolve issues and actively communicate with others to develop and execute corrective action plans. Daily monitoring of all customer KPIs, follow up with corrective and preventative action. Interface with Network Systems Engineers, Hardware/ Software Engineering, Sales Engineering, and Management. Required to work shift and "on call" as part of a rotation. Key Skills: Strong in GSM, UMTS and LTE network architecture, CDMA knowledge is a plus Knowledge of 3GPP based architecture and call flows, 3GPP/ IETF standards, UEs and tools used in the implementation and operation of GSM, UMTS and LTE network elements. Knowledge of SS7 Protocol with thorough call flow analysis capability at message and parameter level Specific experience developing and executing test object lists for testing of core elements using real UEs and protocol analyzers. Knowledge of protocols (IP, TCP, UDP, SCTP, S1AP, Diameter, GTP, M3UA, SCCP, RANAP, GMM, SM) and high level understanding of OSPF, MPLS, VRRP, SSH, SNMP, and L2 VLAN) . Specific experience testing network functions to include paging, intra and inter technology mobility, session management, and QOS. Hands on experience interworking with network hardware platforms including SGSN and MME elements. Knowledge of DNS, IP addressing, NAT, load distribution. Strong verbal and written communication skills a must. Knowledge of CDMA Wireless Data Networks and equipment (PDSN/ HA) or GSM / LTE Wireless Data Networks and equipment (SGSN/ SGW and GGSN/ PGW for UMTS/ HSPA/ UTRAN) Knowledge of PPP, L2TP, RADIUS/ AAA. Knowledge of Linux/ Solaris/ UNIX Operating Systems and scripting. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VEGA Intellisoft Private Limited VEGA Intellisoft Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details