TITLE: Lead UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Want to be part of the most disruptive, innovative mobile commerce start- up in India with world- class team, long- term vision, and top global investors backing it up Dont just dream it. droom it ! As Lead/ Senior UI Designer, you will be responsible for driving key initiatives in usability, user experience, design standards and guidelines, mentor other designers, and work with engineers to implement the designs and standards. As an engineering resource at droom, you will work on new challenges on daily basis, you will focus on problem solving, and you will interact with our Silicon Valley based technology team on a regular basis. We will operate in world- class and very fast- paced engineering environment and you will be learning new things and making huge impact at the same time. An ideal candidate will possess following: Atleast 5 years of experience developing world class user interface for consumer internet, preferably in e- Commerce. Minimum of 2 years of hand's on experience in web development using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and plug- in etc. Strong understanding of how design impacts performance on the end users systems. Good knowledge of Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator and other Designing Tools Knowledge of any Frontend Framework like Bootstrap, Zurb Foundation, and Semantic UI. Understanding of MVVM framework i. e. Backone, Ember, and Angular JS is preferred. Knowledge of Node JS and task manager like Grunt/ Gulp will be add on. Strong understanding how design impacts performance on the end users systems. Expertise in cross browser development and Web usability and interface design knowledge. Design and implement front- end business applications while working closely with developers and Business Analyst. Knowledge of best practices for web- based applications and interactive designs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Any Post Graduate Any Graduate Company Profile: Droom Technology Pvt. Ltd. Droom Technology Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details