TITLE: Manager/assistant Manager - Customer Care (female Only)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensuring high-quality customer experience & satisfaction. Responding to all customer queries in a timely and comprehensive manner to ensure customer satisfaction. Adhering to the company's guidelines, policies, set standards, work processes and thus managing cost-effective operations and thereby enhancing profitability. Identifying improvement areas & implementing adequate measures to maximize customer satisfaction levels Suitable candidates kindly email their updated CVs at shilpa.syal@frankfinn.com or call 09205198845 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training Frankfinn Aviation Services (Pvt.) Limited is a Private Limited Company registered under the Companies Act, 1956. The Company was incorporated in January 1993. Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training is a Division of Frankfinn Aviation Services (Pvt.) Ltd. It is a leading institute in training and development - THE ONLY INSTITUTE OPERATING ALL OVER INDIA in this field, with the largest network of training centers and also has operations/presence in Dubai, Mauritius & Hong Kong. The Companys Corporate Office is in Mumbai.WORLDS NO.1 INSTITUTE: Frankfinn is the worlds number one airhostess training institute and not without reasons. With centers across India, our network is the largest in the world. We have also produced more Air Hostesses than all other academies put together, a feat acknowledged by none other than the Limca Book of Records. In fact, Frankfinn is the only Institute in India where a maximum number of International Airlines have conducted campus/ exclusive interviews for recruitment of Air Hostesses / Flight Stewards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details