TITLE: Executive - Naukri Premium

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities: Engaging with Recruiters from corporates to acquire premium job postings from them.Â Help clients to understand the value preposition of adding business jobs on Naukripremium page for better results and unique visibility helping them for their queries and supporting them consistently. Increase overall usage and market share of Naukri Premiums client base by increasing number of premium job postings from corporate recruiters including Business HR, SMEs and lead recruiters of various Search firms. Documentation of the clients feedback on the usage of Naukri portal for the premium hiring and share it with the Product/Marketing and Support teams for product improvement and future developments.Â Reaching out to these prospective premium jobseeker to appraise them on benefits of getting registered with us .Â Assisting these jobseekers in their job search and create relevant job alerts. Documentation of the candidate feedback on the usage of Naukri portal. Note : 5 Day Working(All Saturdays and Sundays Off) Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Info Edge India Ltd. About Info Edge:Info Edge is India's leading consumer internet company. With online presence in recruitment, matrimony, real estate and education, and strong brands like Naukri.com, 99acres.com, jeevansathi.com and Shiksha.com, we are more than 3000 people strong organization based out of more than 48 locations in India & Middle East. This is a financially strong company with a revenue figure of Rs. 483 cr and EBIDTA margin of 40.09% for last financial year. We also have a market capitalization of over Rs 6500 cr. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details