TITLE: DOT NET Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Through self-directed activities act as a liaison between client and technical groups, using superior communication skills to elicit, document, analyze and validate requirements. Apply industry-specific expertise to recommend and coordinate the development, enhancement, and maintenance of a client's business systems, processes, and products using high-maturity methods, processes and tools. Combine industry expertise with a thorough understanding of information technology to develop innovative business solutions. Influence the strategic direction of clients. Lead analysis teams on large projects. Lead requirements management and change management processes. Direct development of visualization, and user experience elements of solution design. Develop and maintain internal and external relationships to manage scope, schedule, budgets and expectations. Lead business studies and present study results to company and client senior management. Coordinate and participate in proposals, feasibility studies, and new business development activities. Leverage industry knowledge and client relationships to assess the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment and to identify new business opportunities. Promote and direct process improvement activities and training of peers and clients. Assigns work to others. Leadership of BA resources assigned to project. Provide time / resource estimates for assigned projects. May develop innovative solutions to complex business and technology problems. Education and Experience Required: Typically a Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience and a minimum of 8 years of related experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of experience. Recommended: IIBA CBAP (or equivalent) certification obtained. Ideally, recognized industry-certification. Knowledge and Skills: 8 or more years experience. Essential: requirements elicitation via interviewing and workshop facilitation; requirements determination using structured techniques for documentation, analysis, evaluation/validation; decomposition of high-level information into details; abstracting low-level information; distinguishing requests vs needs; distinguishing requirements vs solutions; classifying/prioritizing requirements; OO techniques using UML models; ambiguity analysis, ensuring consistent understanding across users, designers and testers; business process modeling of current state and desired/future state processes; defining and managing scope and client expectations, requirements change management and traceability; identifying and mitigating risks; applying creativity/innovation to solving complex problems; building relationships and working collaboratively; developing and communicating a vision for project/system; providing thought leadership; mentoring; effective verbal/written communication; preparing and delivering effective presentations; experience in one or more industry domains. Specialized: Function Point counting; survey design and execution; statistical analysis; developing structured user manuals and training; visualization modeling; business rules modeling; develop and executing acceptance test plans. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Net New Business Development Business Solutions Feasibility Studies Senior Management Solution Design Business Process Modeling Written Communication Change Management Business Studies Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE PRIVATE LIMITED Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details