TITLE: IOS Mobile App Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from FCS Software Solutions Ltd. We are looking for IOS Developers for one of our client at Noida Location. Requirement Must be good at iOS (Xcode) development with strong iPhone portfolio: Familiar with Objective C, iOS, XML and JSON Parsing, SOAP/REST API. Knowledge in iPhone Maps, Push Notification, and Store kit programming. Familiar with interactive application development paradigms, memory management, file I/O, network & socket programming and concurrency iPhone Application Development Application Integration (e.g. custom APIs, etc.) Should have good knowledge of Object Oriented programming principles and Design patterns. Should be able to execute Unit Testing (Plan, Prepare & Execute). Respect of industry-accepted standards, and best practices Work under minimal direction. Has technical responsibility for work performed and decisions taken. Is able to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing Ability to learn new techniques as needed Required Key skills iOS SDK 5.0 + JSON & XML based web services Social framework MapKit CoreData Sqlite Note : People who can join in 15 - 39 days max and can appear for interview during weekdays need only apply. Candidates with full time employment should only apply. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FCS Software Solutions Limited FCS is a leading provider of IT services. In the past one decade of its existence, FCS has carved out a niche for itself in core IT areas like E-learning, Digital content services, Resource staffing, BPO and Product engineering services. As a business innovator, FCS helps clients achieve extraordinary results from their customer relationships, business operations, and technology. Clients choose FCS for the impact we achieve, our commitment to their success, and the straight forward and collaborative way we work with them. Our customers list include Medidata, Canon, Merck, Samsung, Sapient and many more Fortune 500 companies. In annual (2011) Scorecard of the companies from across the world, the European Union & executive body European Commission (EC) has ranked FCS Software Solutions 18th among Indian firms. We have state-of-the art facilities based at Noida, Chandigarh and Dehradun running 24x7. Our continuous growth has been made possible by the result of livewire, energetic and focused IT workforce of more than 900 highly competent professionals who have worked extensively in the areas of application development and support, e-learning solutions, Business, Infrastructure Management, and BPO. For more details, click on www.fcsltd.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details