TITLE: Systems Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Senior Systems Engineer, you will interface with the customer*s IT staff on a regular basis. Either at the client*s site or from a remote location, you will be responsible for resolution of moderately complex technical problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use and repair/ workarounds for Oracle products. You should be highly experienced in some Oracle products and several platforms that are being supported. You will be expected to work with only general guidance from management while advising management on progress/ status. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. Because of substantial customer interfacing, a demonstrated ability to work with customers on an independent basis with exceptional communication skills, while consistently achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction is essential. A Bachelor*s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience is preferred with five years related experience. Experience with Oracle*s core products, applications, and tools is important Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Advanced Customer Services (ACS) provides expert, customer- focused advice and assistance to supplement and improve your IT management. In particular, the services will: Reduce critical issues and improve availability Optimize performance of Oracle environments Improve system continuity Standardize change and minimize its impact Improve alignment with your business needs Partner to provide proactive guidance The ACS Team provides engineering and management resources to Oracle customers throughout the JAPAC Region. The team consists of Core DBAs (server, application server, tools, etc.) , Apps DBAs (including PeopleSoft, Oblix, JDE, Retek, Siebel technical stack, as well as, the appropriate middle tier) and Service Delivery Management (customer and program management) . ASE (Advanced Support Engineers ) are senior DBAs with expertise in multiple Oracle components, as well, have excellent triage and problem diagnostic skills. ASE\'s should obtain appropriate certifications and maintain expert level compendency on new features and products. ASEs have the following skills: Installation Upgrades Migration Performance tuning Trouble shooting Test case reproduction Capacity planning Root cause analysis Patching etc. ACS Engineering System Delivery Member should also have the following skills: Communication (verbal & oral) Working under pressure Self starter Team player Multi- tasker The Team delivers scheduled services (installs, upgrades, configuration / performance review for complex deployments etc.) , as well as, emergencies (down systems, escalations, etc.) . Assignments are typically, short term assignments. ACS Engineering System team member can reside anywhere in the India (specifically Delhi / Mumbai / Bangalore) and serve customers primarily in India and other ASEAN regions. Travel of up to 50- 75%. ACS Engineering System Delivery team provides a professional with the opportunity for hands- on experience on various Oracle products especially in most strategy product - various Engineering Systems, multiple platforms/ footprints and a variety of customers or industries. The successful candidate should minimally possess some of the following skillsets: Field and Practical experience with Oracle 11G/ 10G and prefer 12c as well. Exadata and Exalogic - Theory and/ or Practical 11G OCP/ OCM Certification is a added advantage Oracle RAC experience DataGuard Grid Control - OEM Golden Gate Oracle Database (10G/ 11G/ 12c) : Troubleshooting and Performance tuning skills, troubleshoot day to day technical issues, conduct and advice on upgrades, patches and activities, manage escalations Soft Skills Ability to multi- task Ability to manage multiple projects Project Management skills is preferred Ability to self- manage Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details