TITLE: SDS - Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Team Lead Â Responsibilities Â The Team Lead is responsible for day to day delivery and technical leadership of delivery team upgrading, enhancing and integrating the end to end toolset relied on by thousands of internal users. Hands on project delivery from planning through to solution design and liaising with other internal teams to see successful project delivery Identify new opportunities to drive group- wide productivity via new tools, integrations or approaches to delivery Mentor and guide more junior members of the team Act as contact point for operational escalationsÂ Skills Â Essential Â Experience leading small teams Excellent Linux administration skills and some experience working with AWS Strong solution design skillsÂ Desirable Â Prior experience with one or more tools in the Atlassian suite Prior experience working as a software developer through full software development lifecycle Prior experience working in large enterprises and/ or financial services organisations Have worked with, and implemented continuous delivery / DevOps delivery models The Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology. COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business- aligned services with a focus on quality, cost and risk. COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology. Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/ careersÂ Â Macquarie understands the importance of diversity and inclusion - our long history of success has come from being different. At Macquarie we value the innovation and creativity that diversity of thought brings. The one thing we all have in common is our focus on high performance. If you're capable, motivated and can deliver, we want you on our team. Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details