TITLE: Team Leader LAMP

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for a team leader to be part of a highly collaborative, quality focused, Agile team. You will be solving difficult problems and helping to architect and build maintainable applications. You should be comfortable working in a fast- paced, flexible environment where communication is essential. Also, you should have the ability to find the optimal way to implement requirements in a clean, elegant and object- oriented way. You will be Leading the timely planning and implementation of web projects Managing day to day project communication. Identification and delegation of projects tasks. Able to develop project plans, timelines and project statuses. Constantly monitor and report on progress of the projects to top management Day to day working on projects Get involved with coding/ scripting responsibilities What kind of person are we looking for: Minimum 8 years and above work experience with 3 years as Team Leader BE / B.Tech (Engineering) / MS / MCA (Specialization in Computer Science) Responsible for designing, development, documentation, debugging, and support of applications Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities Hands on Programming and Integration Experience Strong understanding of development processes, database architecture, load and performance, and is familiar with industry standards Excellent Knowledge of database technologies and SQL Optimization Strong SQL skills in writing, optimizing and debugging complex queries Strong development skills in core PHP and MySQL Clear understanding of Object Oriented Programming Concepts Expertise in JQuery, Ajax, prototype building and UI development Clear understanding of product development environment and methodologies like agile Thorough knowledge of web technologies High level of data architecture and software design skills, creativity and a very strong understanding of load and performance Must have worked on MVC architecture. Experience in any frameworks like Zend, CodeIgniter, Symfony, CakePHP etc. Writing and consuming RESTful Web Services Experience on MYSQL 5.x is required. Inventiveness, curiosity, and a drive to go above and beyond and develop new and innovative products is the must have attitude. Ability to work under tight deadlines and on multiple projects simultaneously, with minimum supervision Knowledge of the latest standards and coding standards Very good communication skills - oral and written Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details