TITLE: Product Head Credit Cards

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Product Head of Credit Cards vertical, you will be responsible for running the credit card vertical atDeal4loans. This would require you to Manage existing relationships with various Credit Card issuers in India Develop and grow partnerships with leading credit card issuers in India Manage the sales team, backend team and coordinate with the call center team for Credit Card sales Provide Business inputs to the technology and design teams on strategic initiatives to acquire credit card customers What kind of person are we looking for: An understanding of the Credit Card Sales, having worked in global centers of top credit card companies or with Indian credit card issuers. Typical candidate will have between 2 to 5 years of Credit Card sales experience High- energy, company first, team first, positive attitude Problem solver: it a cliche, but this cliche is important for us! You should be able independently research and resolving partner questions or concerns in a timely manner... yes there will be fire, but fighting fire should be fun for you Team team team: We are very collegial, we collaborate, we help each other, we teach each other, we grow with each other Develop frameworks to analyze information, situations and data. Separate critical from mundane, using 80/ 20 principles Good with numbers: digest numbers/ data, analyze it, use this data to make. Share your insights in a crisp and simple- digestable form to your team, colleagues and management You should be able to develop high- level relationships with partners - you will develop partnerships and work on developing new business as well Compensation Compensation will be competitive, in line with best in the industry ESOPS of one of the most successful fintech companies in India Opportunity to impact people's lives and be a change agent in the banking services Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Credit Risk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. WRS Info India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details