TITLE: Product Manager - NPD (New Product Development)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: Managing the product development process from the concept phase to the post-launch analysis phase. Leading the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities. Increasing the profitability of existing products and developing new products. Leading the new product concept brainstorming meetings. Driving a solution set across teams through market requirements, product contract, and positioning. Developing and implementing a company-wide go-to-market plan, working with all departments to execute. Analyzing potential partner relationships for the product Monitor efficient working of all projects and ensure compliance to project plan. Key Skill Sets Required: Excellent Analytical skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good MS Power-Point and MS-Excel skills Knowledge of competitive intelligence for increased awareness of market & price points. Should be flexible to move across products or handle multiple products Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DishTv India Limited Dish TV (stylised as dishtv) is India's largest Direct to Home (DTH) television operator using MPEG 4 DVB S2 and MPEG 2 digital compression technology. It is a division of Zee Network Enterprise (Essel Group Venture). It was ranked # 437 and # 5 on the list of media companies in Fortune India 500 roster of India's largest corporations in 2011.[2] Dish TV was also voted India's most trusted DTH brand according to the Brand Trust Report 2014, a study conducted by Trust Research Advisory. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details