TITLE: Manager Sup

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle- market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. Were committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America Global Markets Operations &Middle Office provides operations support to the Global Markets Business of BOAML. Key Business activities include back office and middle office operations related to securities, derivatives, futures, options, currencies (fx) and commodities. Key functions include Trade Processing & settlement, Inventory Management, Cash Management, Asset Services, Collateral Management, Reconciliation, Client & Product Data. Job Description The Global Middle Office seeks to provide first- class support service to its various internal clients with a particular focus on the relationship with on- shore leads and P&L controllers. We are looking to recruit an individual to work in the Equities FOBO reconciliation production area. The local team is supporting global regions for Front to Back office reconciliation workflow for the Equities business. The primary internal clients will be On- shore Middle Office; however there will also be considerable interaction with various operations and Technologies team. The primary responsibility is to deliver accurate & timely breaks adjustments in the system. Primary products covered but not limited to: Equities, Futures and Options, FX , Corporate Actions, Interest PnL Responsibilities : Perform Front to Back Reconciliation between trading system & Subledger for equity trading performed Globally Work closely with teams in Front/ Middle/ Back office to evaluate risks and resolve downstream failure of transactions Support the Trading Desk with any questions related to P&L Provide daily and weekly reporting on P&L activities to internal clients Work proactively to create more effective Reconciliation Systems and enhance processes for improved efficiency and control Proactively work to keep the breaks ageing under control Ensure timely escalation to senior management for any issues Hold Weekly and Monthly Calls with senior stakeholders across global regions Smooth closure of month- end handovers process Ensure that all month- end activities are completed within timelimit Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes Role:Investment/Treasury Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Must Have Skills : Candidate must have 5- 7 years of Experience in Markets with at least 2 years in PnL profile strong team handling experience Candidate should have a keen interest in the Equities product set with a good understanding of the products used (see above) Good working understanding of Excel is a must; ability to troubleshoot spreadsheet issues is also critical The right individual will have strong people skills and can multi- task to manage the challenges of Middle Office processes yet have the awareness to escalate potential issues to their supervisor in a timely manner Candidate must have a proven track record of communicating effectively with personnel from various areas within an organization and at different management levels with confidence Must be proactive and be a highly- motivated self- starter and lead as a example Good to Have Skills : Advanced education and/ or enhanced technical qualifications are a plus It would be advantageous if the individual has prior experience on shoring Finance, Middle Office or Operational workflow and implementing procedures and controls Ability to use Access or VBA would enhance the candidates attractiveness significantly Competencies: Effective communication skills with English proficiency Demonstrated ability to work in a high pressure environment Takes initiative and challenges existing processes and procedures in a proactive manner Strong team player Ability to analyze issues independently and derive solutions Analytical skills Inherent sense of principles of control through experience and sound judgment Stability and Reliability Education Qualification : Preference is a Finance or Mathematics related degree [e.g. Bachelor of Mgmt Studies (BMS) or Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) ] Total experience - 5 - 7 yrs Shift Timings : Day Shift Only (06: 30 - 15: 30 or 09: 30 18: 30) Holiday Banking : Required to work on some Indian Bank Holidays Weekly Offs : Saturday & Sunday Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details