TITLE: TM1- Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Corporate Operations Group is responsible for: COG's purpose is to support and enhance the value of Macquarie through the creation of an efficient, scalable operating model Supporting, maintaining and enhancing existing business systems Help the business succeed by supporting revenue growth and enabling cross- group collaboration. Drive operational excellence by reducing operating costs and transforming end- to- end processes. The Division provides each major business in the Bank with a dedicated team that works closely with that business to understand its particular technology needs. The ETD team for the Corporate Operations Group (COG) require an experienced TM1 Specialist to join the Support team. You will be responsible for the TM1 Enhancement and support activities within Service Reporting Team. A strong focus on client service and a structured approach to problem solving are required. Duties and responsibilities Technical System and environment management for the TM1 Application In- depth Knowledge of Cubes design, Turbo Integrator processes, Rules engine and System Maintenance is required Experience in maintaining Infrastructure to Support a global deployment of TM1. Experience in TM1 deployment using TM1 web and Excel is required Experience in Cognos BI will be advantageous Completion of assigned technical components of projects and system enhancements Liaison with the other Macquarie teams regarding system management and delivery issues Functional Strong Understanding of Foundation Concepts of TM1 Develop end to End TM1 models based on Client requirements Consult Internal clients and assist with requirements Proven ability to develop TM1 Models and Prototypes In depth knowledge of TM1 ETL tool (Turbo Integrator) Delivering all Models and actions within required policies and practices. Monitoring and promoting the effective use of application Managing and monitoring application access to ensure urity policies are adhered to. Key Skills: Degree qualified IT / Business / Commerce / Finance degree. Strong TM1 Development experience is required Ability to prioritize tasks and adhere to priorities despite conflicting requests The tenacity to complete tasks Self motivated, be able to work independently as well as being a team player Investment Bank / Financial Institution experience with exposure to basic accounting. Strong client service focus and willingness to respond to queries and provide deliverables within prompt timeframes. Strong communication skills both verbal and written, delivery of internal consulting and training is required Ability to identify opportunities for process improvement. Strong Business Acumen RequiredThe Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology. COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business- aligned services with a focus on quality, cost and risk. COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology. Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/ careers [FOR US ROLES ONLY: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Macquarie takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.] Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Macquarie Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details