TITLE: Internet Sales Representative II

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Order fulfillment and selling of products and services in high volume, low value, short cycle transactions using telephone sales (inbound/ outbound calls) . As an Internet Sales Representative you will sell products and services to an assigned geographic or national account base territory to achieve assigned objectives. Generates sales leads as well as closing the sales on line or by phone. Utilizes inbound and/ or outbound calls to pursue sales. Develops account penetration strategies, and closes business . Responsible for understanding Oracle*s product offerings and competitive issues. Identifies new business opportunities by creating and implementing territory campaigns with management assistance. Liaise with customer contacts for the purpose of managing the customer relationship, identifying new opportunities, and selling Oracle products and services. Participates as a team member on sales teams including field sales, support and education sales and sales consulting. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Works under general supervision. Seeks intervention from his/ her manager on complex deals that fall outside of existing guidelines. 3 years of relevant experience. Ability to communicate effectively over the telephone with high level decision makers. Ability to work independently. Typically bachelor degree in Business or Computer Science or equivalent Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle VM is server virtualization software that fully supports both Oracle and non- Oracle applications, and delivers more efficient performance. Backed by Oracle's world- class support organization, customers now have a single point of enterprise- class support for their entire virtualization environments, including Oracle Database, Fusion Middleware, Applications, and Linux, which are certified with Oracle VM. Oracle VM Templates deliver rapid software deployment and eliminate installation and configuration costs by providing pre- installed and pre- configured software images. Oracle is the only software vendor to combine the benefits of server clustering and server virtualization technologies, delivering integrated clustering, virtualization, storage, and management for grid computing. The Oracle Unbreakable Linux support program delivers enterprise- class support for Linux with premier back ports, comprehensive management, indemnification, testing and more, all at significantly lower cost. Both the Oracle Management Pack for Linux and Oracle Cluster ware are free for Oracle Unbreakable Linux support customers. Oracle Validated Configurations provide best practices for easier, faster, and lower- cost Linux deployment. JOB DESCRIPTION Selected candidate will be responsible for attaining a revenue goal within an assigned territory. The individual will also identify opportunities for Oracles Services and solutions at existing Enterprises where Oracle is currently in place, as well as opening the door within IT organizations at new customers in the territory. Essential Responsibilities : Develop new business by driving sales in their existing accounts as well as new Accounts Developing and executing account plans to achieve targets: * Cold calling, prospecting, qualification, account mapping and presentations. Effectively utilize available Oracles Sales tools for pipeline development, tracking opportunity progress (Forecasting) , developing monthly, quarterly level forecasts Responsible for all aspects of the selling process - Identify, Qualify, Sell, Close and Administer Identify Generate leads by using networking and other sales tools Qualify, Sell and Close Identify key steps to close sale, identify decision maker and influencers, etc. Determine Availability needs and Objectives Gain agreement of proposed solution / Services, tying back to customer business drivers Close significant $ sales across multiple Accounts across assigned territory Administer Accurate Forecasting of business & keeping records in the internal systems updated Qualifications : 4 - 6 years of sales experience in Services and Solutions domain Ability to make presentations & excellent communication skills Aggressive selling approach and yet be a good team player Strong network of relationships with key decision makers in small/ medium & large sized companies and ability to leverage these relationships for generating new business for Oracle Leverage current / running customer contacts and be able to generate revenue within first 30 days Experience with Lead generation and sales closure Strong exposure on handling the assigned Market Track record of managing relationships with large accounts. Perseverant with ability to meet deadlines and targets Bachelors degree or equivalent from a reputed institute with good academic record Our expectations upon joining: Ramp up on Oracles Linux/ OracleVM/ support services within 2- 3 weeks Building pipeline within 4- 6 weeks Build forecast for the quarter within 6- 8 weeks Book business within 60 days * Cold/ customer calling is an integral & most important aspect of this job profile Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details