TITLE: Looking for Java Developer with Japanese Language Experience.

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We offer you a chance to join a growing, dynamic company and an excellent opportunity to work with high reputation organization.Â Designation: Java developerÂ Location: CV Ramannagar - BangaloreÂ Job Description:-Â Role description: The Application Developer is responsible for developing and testing components or parts of a larger system in accordance with the project adopted standards, definitions and specifications. Personal skills needed (industry experience, international experience, software, material etc.) Request ID: 20160705-005 Assignment Title: Java Developer as Application Professional Management Professional Work description The profile needs candidates who shall be part of the APM Competence Centre and work to anchor the knowledge on Application Performance Management in Volvo. The candidate shall engage with business applications teams globally to gather requirements and validate them. The candidate shall work as a demand function and liaise with HCL in requesting and validating the implemented monitoring solutions. The candidate would need to understand the solution and infrastructure components in the perspective of the business requirements. The profile would require supporting and coaching application teams in root cause analysis. The candidate shall also establish (where needed) and contribute to best practices and guidelines for performance management in Volvo. Working in a global context with geographically spread teams, the candidate should be ready to engage business and suppliers at technical & non-technical levels. Â If you are available to take Face to face Interview, Send the following details:Â C.CTC:Â Â E.CTC:Â Â NP:Â KINDLY REFER YOUR FRIENDS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java JSP sql junit Tomcat J2ee jstl servlet hibernate spring Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. Worlds Largest Financial Organization Allegis Group - An US based $11 billion Staffing and Recruiting Company providing Human capital and work force management solutions to over 6000 customers globally including 90% of Fortune 500 firms. Our offering includes Strategic Resource Program (SRP), Managed Services (MSP), Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO), Executive Search and Consulting Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details