TITLE: SAP Concur | Devops | OOPs Language ( Java, C, C++ , C#, Python etc)

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Team Tools Engineering (Building Next Gen Tools) We are hiring niche skills into a new team "Tools Engineering" - this team would drive efficiency gains by means of building specialized tools and niche solutions across Concur and SAP customer base making run operation simpler by means of building new tools. What we are looking for? Tech engineers/experts who are passionate about designing, building, and maintaining simple, reliable, and innovative operational infrastructure. If you have a great blend of experience on varied tech stack (most of the Object Oriented languages) and if you are a great innovator or strive to do something different, out of the box, then this is the place for you to be in. What is in it for you? In the first 12 months, you will: Identify potential for automation/improvements of efficiency in operation with the key business stakeholders Work in a cross functional and complex technical environment (end to end role - right from development, design, debugging to testing, maintenance and support/production support) Build/create tools/techniques to automate processes across Concur SAP customer base. Improvising Operational efficiency across teams globally. Deliver high quality and high performance software that enables supporting mission critical business needs Drive evolution of DevOps at Concur. Implement large-scale containerisation strategies. Enhance and automate the SDLC for agile production development teams. In order to accomplish this you will need: Experience working on: Varied technical skills o Java, C#, C++, .NET, Python o Scripting languages, o Different Operations systems - UNIX, Linux, Windows Dev Ops environment or willingness to taste something outside of core-Development on an already existing product/tool. While our core domain is Travel and Expense management, we are open to technologists from different domains. *If you do have experience on T&E domain, it would definitely be a value add. What do you need to bring? Bachelors/Masters Degree in Computer Science or any other specialization or equivalent practical experience Ready-to-Experiment kind of a person, Risk-taker, Passionate about Innovation/Building next generation tools to automate processes of several customers across the globe If you see yourself being part of our team to build the Next Generation Tools to automate the run operation that supports our existing and future customers then you should launch your career at Concur. You will contribute towards Concurs growth strategy of enabling success for multi fold new customers with a higher delivered value per employee. #lifeatconcur Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Java Javascript C++ Python OOP SQL Server Oracle SQL C# Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization Company Profile: Concur Technologies (an SAP Company) Concur - enables a DevOps culture - cutting-edge Enterprise SaaS environment! We are a leading provider of integrated travel and expense management solutions. We drive costs out of businesses through innovation, our services are trusted by over 37,000+ customers around the globe with around 40 million+ users and with Concur being part of SAP, we are now to cater to SAP's customer base globally, close 3.2 Lacs+ customers and 12K partner companies - which is huge! Concur extends the SAP business network with leading cloud-based solutions for innovative and effortless T&E management that provide total transparency into travel spend wherever it occurs. Concur delivers a unique platform to connect and engage the global travel ecosystem and enables SAP to accelerate its network strategy. You can also know more by logging on to our webpage www.concur.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details