TITLE: SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 5 years of experience in requirement analysis, design, development and delivery of web applications. A motivated and dedicated team player with having capabilities to work in agile environment. Interact with stakeholders, understand their business needs and transform that into deliverables. Hands on Experience in C# / VB.net for developing UI as well as Middleware components. Strong programming background in writing quality codes, debugging, and unit testing the applications. Strong OOPS concepts, hands on in programing. Good working knowledge of .Net Frameworks (.NET 3.5, 4.0, 4.5) with MS SQL Database scripting. Capable of analysing and debugging the existing applications and should be in position to reengineer the codes to the latest .Net technologies. Must Have: Strong analysis skills to follow the client requirements and work with design, develop code and unit test accordingly. Should be able to understand design documents and UML diagrams independently. Should have good analytical and problem solving skills. Must possess good understanding of SDLC & OOPs concepts. Should have sound experience with ASP.NET 3.5/ 4.0/ 4.5, C#/ VB.net, ANSI/ Transact/ PL SQL scripting and JavaScript. Should have good understanding of HTML 4 and CSS. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Sound understanding of TFS. Good knowledge of ASP.net MVC 4.0 and WCF. Knowledge of HTML 5, CSS 3 and Bootstrap. Knowledge of client side scripting framework such as JQuery, Angular JS. Familiar with deployment and packaging of .Net applications. Understanding of legacy technologies such as earlier versions of .Net, VB6 and ASP 3.0 Classic to support the migration based projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Loginworks Softwares Loginworks Softwares Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details