TITLE: Associate - Product Control

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A Multinational Banking Financial organization is hiring for Associate - Product Control. Shift-anytime between- 6:30am-12am Job Location- Gurgoan Assist with production of FO-BO-GL Reconciliations and investigation & analysis of breaks including adjustment to be posted to the books of record and corrections in various systems involved. Production & reporting of daily P&L, analysis and commentaries for the specific global markets business. Understand & review the functioning of various front office, middle office, back office & GL systems pertaining to products dealt by the desk, accounting policies applicable, and system & process flows. Ensuring the queries pertaining to the desk deliverables & business are promptly responded with an active business engagement Assistance to the Manager in day-to-day and periodic reporting requirements and provide leave and off days cover for other staff. Acquire knowledge in banking / financial services domain Identify opportunities for development and drive changes independently To produce accurate and timely MI being generated in conjunction with the onshore teams Knowledge & Experience / Qualifications (For the role not the role holder. Minimum requirements of the role.) Qualified Chartered Accountant/CPA /CFA (Intl.) / MBA (Finance) from Tier I / II institute with at least 2+ years of relevant experience, Or Post Graduate / CA - Intermediate / Equivalent with 3+ years of relevant experience, or Graduate in Commerce with 5+ years of relevant experience, in Product Control or Global Markets operational experience of an organization of similar scale within US GAAP, IFRS, IAS reporting framework. Experience in working on MS Access databases Global Exposure and experience in multi-tasking. If interested kindly share your resumes to chaitansi.sharma@gigroup.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Operations Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GI Staffing Services Pvt. Ltd GI Staffing Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details