TITLE: Network/ Telecom Systems Analyst 3- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As part of the Network Services team within Oracle*s Global Information Technology organization, you will be responsible for the delivery of IT services to Oracle*s businesses worldwide, these services include the management and delivery of network infrastructure. Maintain records of equipment failure and liaise with engineers and suppliers as necessary. Escalate client problems according to established procedures. Manage the network using network management tools, analyze network performance and recommend network enhancements. Analyze network performance to ensure adequate bandwidth for business needs. Recommend enhancements to the network infrastructure, and with management agreement enhance proactive network management tool set. Troubleshoot network problems on the campus network, remote locations and country wide area network though to resolution. Perform Project Engineering including specification definition, design of solution in compliance with corporate standards, implementation, testing through to production. Respond to monitor alarms to identify the root cause of an outage and coordinate the corrective action in a timely fashion. Provide on- call support services as needed and provide assistance to others. Job duties are varied and complex, needing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years relevant work experience and degree/ diploma in computer science or IT discipline. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Detailed Description As a member of the Oracle Public Cloud network implementation ops team you will be tasked with building, enhancing and expanding the network infrastructure supporting Oracles cloud offerings. You will be working in a fast, ever changing and cutting edge startup like? environment supporting the fastest growing division of Oracle. If you are looking for a challenging position that will push your multi tasking, learn as you go and self- educating skills to the next level come join us! Responsibilities Deploy data center LANs, WANs, and VPNs using Juniper MX routers, Cisco Data Center switches, Juniper SRX & Cisco ASA firewalls, F5 LTM/ GTM and other hardware. Provide operational support and participate in 24x7 on call rotation as required to update network configurations or resolve network issues. Create and maintain documentation as it relates to network configuration, network mapping, processes, and service records. Practice network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory and related documentation and technical specifications information. Requirements Experience installing, troubleshooting and configuring the following platforms: o Cisco Switching o Cisco Nexus platform o Cisco ASA firewalls o Juniper Firewalls o Juniper Routers o F5 LTM/ GTM Understanding of the following protocols: o BGP, EIGRP, OSPF and other internal routing protocols o VLAN trunking and VPC o MPLS, Dedicated circuits, Dark Fiber o IPSeC VPNs Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills Desired skills Hands on experience with network capacity planning, network security principles, and general network management best practices. Implementing fully redundant enterprise level LANs, WANs Ability to work on and deliver multiple project in parallel Python scripting Automation and provisioning tools and technologies Documentation and network diagraming Certifications in Cisco CCNP , Juniper JNCIPSP , CCISP , or other data comm. certifications. Knowledge of Linux and Windows networking Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details