TITLE: Sr. Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities We are looking for a Content Writer/ blogger experienced in multimedia/ web/ advertising industry. He/ She must have excellent research based writing skills in English Language and should be capable of writing professional web content/ blogs/ articles based on different industry verticals and client requirements/ specifications. He/ She must be well versed with all writing tools and have a good command on grammar and different writing styles. He/ She will be required to interact with the client and consult/ discuss the best possible way to present the content. The job profile would also include creation of concepts etc. He/ she should have an attitude for quality and commitment to achieve the targets on time. He/ She should be able to research/ understand complex subjects and possess aptitude for comprehending and producing technical content for different types of projects. He should also have the ability to manage and lead the team in medium to large projects. An excellent communication skill to interact with the clients and the team is essential. Knowledge about SEO content writing will be an added advantage. Desired Profile Should possess excellent Interpersonal Communication skills. The candidate have prior experience in Web Content Writing will be an advantage. An individual willing to learn and diversify in the field of corporate writing will be appreciated. Job Description We are looking for a Content Writer/ blogger experienced in multimedia/ web/ advertising industry. He/ She must have excellent research based writing skills in English Language and should be capable of writing professional web content/ blogs/ articles based on different industry verticals and client requirements/ specifications. He/ She must be well versed with all writing tools and have a good command on grammar and different writing styles. He/ She will be required to interact with the client and consult/ discuss the best possible way to present the content. The job profile would also include creation of concepts etc. He/ she should have an attitude for quality and commitment to achieve the targets on time. He/ She should be able to research/ understand complex subjects and possess aptitude for comprehending and producing technical content for different types of projects. He should also have the ability to manage and lead the team in medium to large projects. An excellent communication skill to interact with the clients and the team is essential. Knowledge about SEO content writing will be an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Computer Science ) Company Profile: Sterco Digitex Pvt Ltd Sterco Digitex Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details