TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Results and Growth - This is an result oriented individual contributor role in terms of Business expansion & Revenue Growth. - Create revenue strategies, account plans and business processes for dedicated account management. - Work closely with our partners/ clients in India to deliver on revenue targets. Strategic Prospecting - This is an result oriented individual contributor role in terms of Business expansion & Revenue Growth.Utilize a structured approach for identifying and measuring the quality of potential new business initiatives. - Proactively prospect in the Territory to create opportunities & interact with top management level. Map out the key players for potential new business initiatives and determine/ document appropriate sales strategy. - Develop understanding of political relationships and their impact on buying behaviors within the account in order to determine appropriate sales approach for each level within organization. Consultative Sales - Effectively advise and influence the customer especially within the development of business needs, decision criteria, and creation of an ROI framework, through consultative selling techniques and relevant marketing/ sales campaign. - Execute high quality one on one discussions utilizing advanced questioning and influencing skills with customer IT business leaders. The objective being to influence the corporate strategy regarding the use of it Solutions. - Execute high quality one on one discussions utilizing advanced questioning and influencing skills with IT / CIO level managers. Opportunity Management - Maintain the Account Plan in accordance with the established Account Plan standard. - Manage all opportunities in accordance with the Opportunity Management process, including the creation of Opportunity Plans, the scheduling of Early in the pipeline Opportunity reviews. - Continuously develop the account to ensure repeat business combined with a proactive focus on developing new business opportunities. Desired Skills & Experience - Understanding of the Software and Cloud Services landscape. - Excellent communication and presentation skills in all forms. - Passionate about people and relationships. - Over 05 years of experience in IT Services business. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pratham Vision Pratham Vision Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details