TITLE: Scrum Master / Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Candidate should have at least 7 years of experience in IT industry. Should have worked on Agile methodology projects at least for 2 years Responsible for the technical delivery of Projects / initiatives / features using appropriate methodologies Provide Technical Leadership to the team and be accountable for detailed technical design Preferably holding a certification Certified Scrum Master or PMI ACP Well versed with managing projects based on Java / Dotnet or any other development area. Works with the team and the product owner to understand, estimate and refine the product backlog Facilitate a conversation about the stories with the scrum team. Coach the team on how to estimate work. Prepare required outcomes for the planning session. Plan team sprints, with the outcome being the sprint backlog, sprint goals, and a team commitment. Runs process ceremonies, tracks and escalates impediments Participates in regular demonstrations of new work to the product owners and business stakeholders Coordinate dependencies across the various Scrum teams work tasks. Removes impediments to progress to help the team perform at their highest level Facilitates sprint retrospective and Continuous Improvement. Mentor on process and development practices Act as teams interface to management Help coach the team in the proper application of agile and mentor new team members who have not worked in an agile model in the past. Team motivator - keeps team on track, productive and growing in ability Exposure to Continuous Integration methodologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements Scrum master certification is a must Strong time management skills. Adaptability to change, must thrive in a fast-paced, time-compressed and dynamic environment Strong coaching and mentoring skills Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively to senior management, peers and team members Strong analytical and problem solving skills; technical curiosity Demonstrated ability to work in global, cross-functional, and virtual teams Self-motivated, accountable, and having a sense of ownership and pride in the job Company Profile: Innoplexus Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Innoplexus is helping organizations worldwide, make key decisions, by discovering the insights hiding in plain sight by aggregating, crawling, curating and analysing deep, dense & diverse unstructured public and private data sets. We have presence in six cities across four continents and are committed to Delivering Simple for our clients which include some of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies and banks. We have a strong engineering team working on technologies ranging from HTML5, MongoDB, Python, Spark, NodeJS & R among others. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details