TITLE: consultant e commerce part time

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 0 - 5 Years 14- 04- 2016 Consultant E- Commerce (Part Time) Jobs in Gurgaon - Vacancy in IT - Ecommerce/ Internet Marketing Consultant E- Commerce (Part Time) VACANCY DETAILS Job Title Consultant E- Commerce (Part Time) Gender Preference Female Number Of Vacancy 10 Industry Area IT - Ecommerce/ Internet Marketing Key Skills Direct Marketing, E- commerce Consultant, Internet Marketing Qualification Secondary School Salary (Per Annum) 2 Lac To 6 Lac Work Experience 0 - 5 Years Job Requirement We are looking Consultant for Trillions US$ American Company. Candidate should be min.12th passed and above Having internet and mobile app s good knowledge. At least minimum one year experience in sales and marketing. About us (What are we) We are the worlds largest online shopping mall spreading almost all over the world. We are The No.1 cash back portal in the world. We are the worlds biggest and first company who come along with the concept of M - Commerce. Market Every single person of whole world who do the online shopping is our business. Earning potential World s upcoming and largest industry is M Commerce .So no limit of earning depend how many we can do. Work profile 1 Making the online free and paid customer. Using social media what's Ape .Face book Twitter Linked in Quicker, OLX and any other tool. 2. Trend the customer so that they can do more saving. 3. Making the online Consultant threw social media, reference or as possible. 4. Trend the Consultant for more earning. 5 Make the Team and develop the Consultant. Job State / U.T. COMPANY PROFILE Dare Devil Services CONTACT DETAILS Services We Offer Contribute a better translatio Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dare Deviles Services Private Limited Dare Deviles Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details