TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriately to make a sale. Maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails. Assisting the Tele Caller on Cold callings to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business, responding to incoming email and phone enquiries. Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential Customers, negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales; gathering market and customer information. Should be able to guide the Sales and Designing team about the clientrsquos need, so that the requirement gathered is best understood and delivered. Building Relationship with the Clients for Regular business. Setting up Sales Funnel for Sales Team and working on the Funnel for Generating Business. Marketing: (Apart from the above responsibilities, below is the added responsibilities). Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets. Gaining a clear understanding of customersrsquo businesses and requirements. Making accurate, rapid cost calculations and providing customers with quotations. Feeding future buying trends back to employers. Attending team meeting and sharing best practice with colleagues. Writing minutes of all the meetings, Sessions and business calls. Informing executives about date, time and venue of any meetings conducted or training programs. Checking and replying to E-mails on day to day basis. Strong MIS skills. Desired Profile: Energetic, willingness to learn. Excellent communication skills (written, spoken English). Well versed with Ms. Word, Power point, Ms. Office. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mis ms office email closing maintaining checking telephone calls excellent communication skills willingness to learn cold callings Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aarav Infotech Aarav Infotech Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details