TITLE: Lead Data Scientist

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DESCRIPTION If you are an exceptional data scientist with an aptitude to learn and implement using new technologies, and who loves to push the boundaries to solve complex business problems with innovation, then we would like to talk with you. You would be responsible for creating, developing, maintaining and testing big data solutions for advanced analytics projects. The job will require you to create various automated machine learning models on Big Data, and deploy learned models for ongoing scoring and prediction.Â You will interact with multiple team members to get backend inputs and provide front end outputs for different machine learning solutions. REQUIREMENTS Strong background in Machine Learning, Statistics or Information Retrieval Fluency in Python, Scala, and R Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a definite advantage Familiarity with relational databases and SQL Critical thinking: ability to track down complex data and engineering issues, evaluate different algorithmic approaches and analyse data to solve problems Creativity: you can conceive of new data driven products, features, and technologies You will fit in if you have: Appreciation for Startups Hacker attitude to make your way through unfamiliar territory with little help Enthusiasm to get things done with responsibility Non-conformist nature which drives you to achieve tasks tagged as impossible by the world Belief that Data Science can change lives of billions for good BENEFITS We are open about you deciding you own compensation structure. Salary + Equity on offer Remote arrangement for now so you can work in the comfort of your home. Onsite opportunities and transfers on cards as we grow Opportunity to work in dynamic team of IIT/NIT alumni and learn from very best Chance to work on revolutionary vision for data science field + freedom to stamp your vision on future Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A. Right now job will be remote i.e. you can work from home. In future there will be onsite opportunities and transfers to Singapore Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills Python Scala Data Mining Machine Learning Big Data Apache Spark Predictive Modeling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tuple Technologies Tuple is a VC backed visionary data science startup which wants to provide business solutions in most intuitive way. We rely on cutting down all inefficiencies from analytical processes and make it available to everyone. We are creating most innovative solutions which not only solve real world problems but also cut down on unnecessary costs involved. Creative Laziness is our mantra! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details