TITLE: Executive - Telesales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identify opportunities, produce leads and book appointments forÂ the sales force with the emphasis on high quality leads. Develop creative pitches and propositions aimed at specific industry sectors. Proactively follow up leads generated from canvassing by the account managers. Use of initiative to identify and follow up opportunities with companies who are not already on the database. Manage the database to a high degree of accuracy to ensure targeted marketing activity can take place to generate new business . Work closely with the marketing team to achieve salesÂ objectives. Negotiate commercial terms within set guidelines Attend monthly meetings with the Corporate Account Managers to update information and discuss any issues. Liase effectively with all departments within Olive to ensure Customer requirements are met. Contribute to the team performance by sharing andÂ Implementing Best Practice Ideas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills Telesales indoor Sales Telemarketing telecalling tele caller phone banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Min 1 yrs experience in calling customersDecent Communication in English and local language.Preferably female candidate. Company Profile: Rentokil India Pte Ltd Rentokil Initial plc employs 66,000 people in 60 countries offering the strengths and experience of a multi-national organization, whilst retaining the agility and characteristics of a local company. The business is focused on delivering great service to its wide range of customers. Services include: pest control, package delivery, interior landscaping, catering, cleaning, integrated facilities services, hygiene washroom solutions and textiles. The company's primary listing is on the London Stock Exchange. 2011 revenues were Ã‚Â£2.5bn up 1.2%. The company values are Service, Teamwork and Relationships. Specialties Pest Control, Hygiene, Washroom Services, Integrated Facilities Management, Express Parcel Delivery, Commercial Cleaning, Medical Services, Specialist Hygiene Services. Website : http://www.rentokil.in/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details