TITLE: Job Opening - Social Media Expert

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Job Opening for - Social Media Marketing Executive. Greetings From Digicliff Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Please find the below Job Description Job Description -- Candidate will be the end to end brand custodian for clients on social media. This will include everything from creating and managing content on social channels to online reputation management and social media strategy to grow the brand footprint on these channels. - Developing unique content for websites, articles & case studies and newsletters etc. - Candidate should live and breathe social media - Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and the others and be abuzz with ideas on how to leverage these channels - Responsible for defining and managing all the content on these social media channels and should be adept at creating content schedules for the channels and use the latest tools for the same. - Developing fun, new ideas ranging from stories, events/contests, videos, and determining best practices for flawless execution in conjunction with the content team. - Monitor and measure the engagement and the success of the different campaigns with channel-specific metrics. - Reputation Management. - Developing good quality content for our reputed clients. - Case Studies (use info graphics to explain things) - Articles (Through analysis along with clear opinion) - Finding and developing new ideas for the content. - Assuring web content is user-friendly and key-worded for SEO benefit. - Moderating user-generated content such as message Facebook pages/posts/twitter replies - Understanding Clients advertising objectives to define digital communication strategies -Closely Coordinating with Creative Team, Development Team, SEM, SEO & SMO teams for project execution -Conceptualizing & Defining Creative & Content briefs with delivery time lines for Websites, Microsites, Blogs, posts, Articles & Press Releases -Strategizing and Structuring PPC campaigns by defining keywords & Ad texts -Benchmarking Conversion & Click Through Rate for key PPC (Google Adwords) accounts & monitoring them -Strategizing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) & Social Media Campaigns (SMO) and executing them on all available platforms -Attended Review meetings for existing clients campaigns -Understanding of dynamic online marketing domain, search market, PPC strategy, social media market -Projects in online marketing domain pertaining to SEO, SMO, Google adwords, search engine marketing would be additional advantage - Regular updates for varies brands for Facebook and Twitter Skills Required : *A graduate with a good command over the English language. *A flair for writing with an understanding of internet requisites. *Ability to work in a team, with good communication skills. *Possess effective writing style that is fresh, consistent and customer friendly. Internet savvy with good research skill *Logical Reasoning and Analytics skills Signature: Thanks & Regards, Shweta SK, Manager HR and Admin m: +91- 8880456454 e: shweta@digicliff.com Digicliff Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Bengaluru 1098/1, 4th Floor, IstA Cross, Shamanna Complex, New Thippasandra, Land Mark - Near Durga Maa Temple. Benga Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Social Media Marketing Manager Keyskills Online Marketing Social Media Marketing Google AdWords SMO Twitter facebook SMM Content Writer copy writer Post Blogs articles content Reputation Management Social Media social pr Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Digicliff Solutions Pvt Ltd http://www.digicliff.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details