TITLE: Internal Auditor

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Assist in the design of risk-based audit plan and calendar for various business/ geographies. * Prepare audit work program for area under audit scope and conduct / assist in the conduct of internal audit as per the audit calendar. * Conduct in house internal audit of certain areas as per the audit calendar. * Performing walk through of the process documentation and assist in the Identification of design and operating deficiency, if any, where improvement is required * Conduct huge data analytics and give insights to the management. * Preparation of final internal audit report in power point. Presentation of report to higher management. * Co-ordinate with third party audit firms to ensure completion of audit assignment as per the audit scope and defined timelines. Ongoing review of audit assignment. * Discuss the Internal Audit Report with the Process Owner/Function Owner and agree on the gaps/ recommendations to remediate the gaps. * Assist in the preparation of detailed action plan and track compliance to the action plans. * Work with the internal and external stakeholders to ensure adherence to the Internal Audit Plan/ Objective set out in the Internal Audit Charter and manual. * Preparation of Audit Committee Presentation. * Undertake projects mandated by the Management of the Company and submit reports/ deliverable as per their expectations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Keyskills Internal Auditing audit scope audit calendar. compliance scope risk calendar. audit report sox report sox compliance report Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cipla Ltd Cipla is one of the most respected pharmaceutical companies not just in India but across more than 170 countries. Our portfolio includes 2000 products in 65 therapeutic categories with one quality standard globally. Cipla's turnover in FY13 was 1.5 billion USD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details