TITLE: Sr. Manager- Utilities

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB PURPOSE: Responsible for design of Utilities for green field and expansion projects and energy management activities of CEAT India. DIMENSIONS: KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Good knowledge of Erection, Fabrication and Commissioning of all Piping & Utilities. 2. Good Knowledge and Hand on Experience of Solid Fired Boiler, Oil Fired Boiler, Compressors, Dryers, Cooling Towers, Centrifugal Pumps, WTP, STP, Condensate Recovery System, Vacuum System. 3. Hand on Experience of stabilizing all the Utilities equipment for operation of plants. 4. Hand on experience in maintenance of all Utilities. 5. Thorough understanding of P&ID, piping layouts. 6. Details knowledge of Fire Fighting System. 7. Good skills to interact with piping contractors and Mechanical contractors and get the work done as per time lines. 8. Candidate should have BOE certificate. 9. Directing site execution activities involving erection & commissioning of the Piping & Utilities Equipment. 10. Focusing on Cost reduction & Conservation of Energies (Power & Fuel) by studying & developing various measures. 11. Monitoring of Erection and commissioning works of Utility Equipment to ensure the correctness as per defined standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Tyres Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Mechanical Engineer-Plumbing/Fire Protection Keyskills Boiler Fire Fighting System Energy Management Erection Commissioning Site Execution Cost Reduction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CEAT Tyres About: On the road since 1958, CEAT has run up to be one of the best tyre manufacturers in the business. We not only make trailblazing tyres, but also market tubes and flaps. And that's not all. Mission: "To nurture an exciting and challenging work environment with fairness and transparency." Company Overview: CEAT Tyres, the flagship company of RPG Enterprises, with an annual turnover of approx Rs. 5,500 crore, was established in 1958. The largest exporter of tyres in India, CEAT is one of India"s leading tyre manufacturers and has a strong presence in both domestic & international markets. The company manufactures the widest range of tyres in the country, including over 10 million tyres every year and enjoys a major market share in the light truck & truck tyre market. CEAT tyres, tubes and flaps are renowned for their superior quality and durability. CEAT offers the widest range of tyres to all user segments and manufacture world-class radials for all Indian vehicles including: Heavy-duty Trucks and Buses, Light Commercial Vehicles, Earthmovers, Forklifts, Tractors, Trailers, Cars, Motorcycles and Scooters, Auto-rickshaws. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details