TITLE: SMO / PPC Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Using web tools to track site traffic, rankings, and ultimately sales. Identifying and implementing strategies for increasing site traffic through organic search listing. Researching and resolving HTML code and content, link architecture and navigation issues. Continually monitoring organic search rankings to increase traffic and sales. Analyzing website strategies and translating qualitative or anecdotal data into recommendations and tactics for revising the strategies. Creating and reviewing regular sales reports for various online sites and promotions Researching keywords using Google, Word Tracker and internal tools. Experience : Strong Business acumen coupled with analytical skills and mathematical aptitude. Should have experience in E-Commerce Sector Deriving business insights from large volumes of data using data mining tools. Strong data visualization skills using graphs, charts and tables. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills SMO PPC Expert Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Khau Gali Deals KhauGaliDeals.com is a part of E Business Ventures & India\'s first & only daily food deals website. KhaugaliDeals.com is your gateway to great savings in your restaurant bills. With tempting discounts & special offers from a number of restaurants & bars, food & beverages will be more exiting and pocket friendly for you. We are at present restricted only to offering deals in the finest and choicest Restaurants, Ice Cream Parlours, Coffee Shops, Cafes, Fast Food Joints and Bars from Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Ahmadabad Hyderabad, Pune and Jaipur. With the passage of time, we are expanding to other cities across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details