TITLE: Project Coordinator, Urgent Requirements, Hurry Up..

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description: Responsibilities:. Coordinator should be aware of software development environment, deliverable strategy, testing process, release management etc . Respond to client/Acct Manager enquires and complaints.Â Ensures timely and quality service delivery to clients./Â acct manager Follow up with clients to ensure customer requirements and payments. Perform project reviews and prepare reports for clients . Manage team and Management relationships. Daily update status of individual project Capable to handle multiple projects Daily coordination with team management and client management Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 3,75,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Client Management Team Management Service Delivery Service Quality Report Preparation Release Management Project Coordination Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: M/s. A-Tech Rays A tech Rays is a Recruitment and Software company that provides Manpower and do back end support to our clients of every size and industry. We offer Human Resource, Pre Screening, and Training and Development . We are based in Bangalore, Karnataka and combine seasoned recruitment professionals and cutting edge recruitment technologies and techniques to short-list highly qualified candidates. We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultations and communication with the corporate community. We always match the most suitable candidate for the required job opening. This is our commitment to our clients and our candidates. We were established in the year 2012 and have earned a reputation for the high quality of our services. We have progressed well under the guidance of our Proprietor, Mrs. Deepa. We meet the needs of various clients by providing experienced, skilled and semi-skilled professionals on contract and permanent basis to our clients in various sectors. We offer both Overseas and Local placement services. Our highly skilled, experienced and proficient management ensures that the operations and functions at A tech Rays run smoothly and our clients avail our services without any stoppages. The range of industries served by us include BFSI, BPO/IT/ITES/KPO, Human Resource, Engineering / Technical, Medical/Health Care/Pharmaceuticals, Event Management, Sales & Marketing, FMCG, Telecom/ Technology/ ISP, Manufacturing / Operations, Export/ Import, Education / Training, Retail, Construction, Tour & Travel, Automobile, DATA ENTRY , etc. We ensure that our services are customized to suit the convenience of the client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details