TITLE: Senior Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Software Developer at FreeBalance you will be responsible for overall solution design deployment, and quality assurance (portal and e-services). The Software Developer will also assist with setting the product direction and be responsible for evaluating and incorporating emerging standards and new technologies. Responsibilities : Participate in all phases of full life-cycle development of the project including requirements analysis, software design, software implementation, testing, deployment, training and user guide preparation; Employ best practices and a standardized IT methodology during the Analysis, Requirements and Detail Design phases; Execute and lead the preparation of all required technical documents, reports, plans and outputs as required by our customers; Design & develop IT Software (covering integrated process, applications, data, infrastructure, security & other technologies) to resolve business requirements; Responsible for technical planning, architectural development & modifications to specifications of all the application; Maintain the software application designs applicability and congruence to the business requirements; Assess the compatibility and integration of products/services proposed as standards in order to ensure an integrated architecture across interdependent technologies; Other duties as assigned. Qualifications : University graduates in Computer Science, software/database or related to computing related technology programs 3 to 7 years Java design and development experience in progressive roles Ability to demonstrate expertise with Spring and Hibernate based solutions Experience as a Software Architect with knowledge of complex scalable web-based application solutions; Ability to demonstrate expertise with Spring and Hibernate based solutions; Experience with enterprise ERP product architectures; Excellent oral and written communication skills in English; Ability to work independently or as part of a team; Previous experience in the public sector considered an asset; Ability to travel internationally and locally on an as needed basis for extended periods of time. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. FreeBalance is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce to increase the representation of the designated groups based on each countries legislation. We encourage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Spring Hibernate Java design development j2ee jee Servlet Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, B.Sc - Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Free Balance Software Solutions India Pvt. Ltd http://freebalance.com/ We are more than a software company. We are a team of passionate,inspired people who build solutions to empower governments to do great things. We make a difference with our work. The FreeBalance Accountability Suite is the only public financial management (PFM) solution designed exclusively for government. Across 23 countries, the FreeBalance Accountability Suite is trusted to manage $300 billion in budget dollars. This is more than just budgeting. Our solutions empower governments with the foundation to bring economic growth, accountability and transparency to their citizens. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details