TITLE: VB Programmer.. Urgent Requirements

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title Visual Basic Programmer Experience: 3yrs Qualification: UG BCA, B.E, B. Tech PG - MCA Functional Area: IT Software VB 6.0 Role: Software Developer Employment Type: Full Time Responsibilities: Creating high quality, robust, error free applications using VB 6.0. Involved in writing complex Stored Procedures, Functions, and Views in SQL Server. Involved in Developing Report using Third party Tool Crystal Report. Involved extensively in Requirements, gathering and Analysis, Design, Development & Unit testing. Should be able analyze the VB applications and should be able to work independently on VB applications. Resolving Bugs. Required Skill Set: MS Visual Basic 6.0 Crystal Report SQL Server 2005 & above Dot Net Frame works Desired Candidate Profile: Should have a good programming experience on Visual Basic 6.0 and / SQL Server. Should have worked on Crystal Report. Strong development and coding experience on VB and oops concepts. Experience on design patterns and frameworks. Owns responsibility to develop and maintain complex product modules Proactively identifies defects and ensures that they are resolved Demonstrates problem solving and innovation Plans and prioritizes work Good communication & presentation skills Strong analytical skills Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Visual Basic VB MCA Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: M/s. A-Tech Rays A tech Rays is a Recruitment and Software company that provides Manpower and do back end support to our clients of every size and industry. We offer Human Resource, Pre Screening, and Training and Development . We are based in Bangalore, Karnataka and combine seasoned recruitment professionals and cutting edge recruitment technologies and techniques to short-list highly qualified candidates. We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultations and communication with the corporate community. We always match the most suitable candidate for the required job opening. This is our commitment to our clients and our candidates. We were established in the year 2012 and have earned a reputation for the high quality of our services. We have progressed well under the guidance of our Proprietor, Mrs. Deepa. We meet the needs of various clients by providing experienced, skilled and semi-skilled professionals on contract and permanent basis to our clients in various sectors. We offer both Overseas and Local placement services. Our highly skilled, experienced and proficient management ensures that the operations and functions at A tech Rays run smoothly and our clients avail our services without any stoppages. The range of industries served by us include BFSI, BPO/IT/ITES/KPO, Human Resource, Engineering / Technical, Medical/Health Care/Pharmaceuticals, Event Management, Sales & Marketing, FMCG, Telecom/ Technology/ ISP, Manufacturing / Operations, Export/ Import, Education / Training, Retail, Construction, Tour & Travel, Automobile, DATA ENTRY , etc. We ensure that our services are customized to suit the convenience of the client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details