TITLE: Logistics Specialist - Bangalore

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Restructuring, harmonizing and/or standardizing logistic processes, as well as planning and controlling the respective roll out on site, using project management tools. Support in carrying out analyses, preparing concepts and solutions and during the subsequent implementation at Korrun, subsidiaries and external partners. Involvement in the organization and coordination of projects, as well as following up and planning sub-projects. Checking and monitoring the results of individual project in comparison with the project order, as well as documenting the project. Planning, carrying out, checking and optimizing efficient project controlling using project management tools. Carrying out investigations and researching the actual status, preparing actual status analyses, carrying out risk analyses and test scenarios and preparing documents for decision from them. Preparing and implementing the results from the analyses in concepts, value flows and solutions. Illustrating the differences a respective concept in agreement with the superior responsible. Drawing up alternative solutions in order to adapt current systems to new company situations and customer requirement. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Planning Project Control Project Management Logistics Management Supply Chain Warehouse Operations Shipping Transportation Dispatch Export and Import Supply Planning Store Planning Outbound Logistics Cargo Courier and Freight Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Bachelor degree is a must, majoy in logistic is a plus favor.More than 5 years of experience as logistic coordinator or management experience in manufacture industry or trade companyExcellent communication skills in English is a must. Company Profile: Shanghai Korrun Bags & Luggage Production Co.Ltd. Korrun is a global design and manufacturing partner to category leading IT-telecom, luggage and lifestyle accessories brands across the world. Founded in 2007, Korrun is head quartered in Shanghai, China; with branch offices in Beijing, India, Singapore, Taiwan and USA. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details