TITLE: Relationship Officer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Bharti AXA Company Name, Profile, and Work Culture : Bharti AXA Life is a life insurance player that was started in 2006. It brings together strong financial expertise of the Paris-headquartered AXA Group and Bharti Enterprises - One of India's leading business groups with interests in telecom, agricultural business, financial services, and retail. The joint venture has a 74% stake from Bharti and 26% stake from AXA. It launched national operations in December 2006. Today, Bharti AXA Life has a national footprint of distributors trained to provide quality financial advice and insurance solutions to the large Indian customer base. Bharti AXA Life offers a range of innovative products and services that cater to specific insurance and wealth management needs of customers Industry : Insurance Functional Area : Sales Point of Contact for CVs / Email ID : geeta.k@multirecruit.com or call Geeta on 7022267700 Number of Vacancies : 1 Keywords : Sales, Sales and Marketing, Sales Executive, Relationship officer, Relationship Manager, Insurance sales Job Title / Designation : Relationship Officer/Relationship Executive/Sr. Relationship Officer (RE/RO/SRO) Job description To fix appointments and generate sales from the qualified prospects that have been self-generated or provided by the Tele Call Center. As part of the Sales Process, the FO/FE is expected to do detailed financial needs analysis for the prospect and recommend a solution that best fits his/her needs; complete all the application form formalities & service the customer post-sales as well. Key Activities : Increase top of the funnel by driving periodic BTL activities to generate the prospect base through natural market, RD support & corporate worksites To contact the qualified prospects on an ongoing basis to maximize face-to-face meetings with the prospects Adopt a need-based selling approach (basis the Financial Needs Analysis), catering to the customers profile and his/ her needs Rigorous & timely follow-up on all prospects that are in the work-in-progress stage Update & enrich prospect information in the Leads Management System(LMS)/VYMO Track performance at all times in the LMS/VYMO & strive to maximize process efficiency (i.e. meetings %, prospect-conversion %) Generate referrals from prospects/ customers and build own pipeline and increase the size of the funnel Assist & coordinate with the customers for the medical formalities, collection of documents etc. to facilitate smooth policy issuance Ensure that all procedural requirements for policy issuance are complete & correctÂ Track the policies that have been logged in the branch to ensure speedy Issuance Minimum/Maximum/ Work Experience Required : 1-3 years Location(s) of Job : Bangalore Minimum Education Requirements: Any Degree Annual CTC : up to 4.2 lakhs + incentives (depending on the previous drawn salary) No of rounds of Interviews : 2 Work Timings : N/A Languages : English Relocation & Reimbursement : N/A Any other skill set : N/A Salary:INR 4,25,000 P.A Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Sales and Marketing Sales Executive Relationship officer Relationship Manager Insurance sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Multi Recruit Bharti AXA Bharti AXA Life is a life insurance player that was started in 2006. It brings together strong financial expertise of the Paris-headquartered AXA Group and Bharti Enterprises - One of India's leading business groups with interests in telecom, agricultural business, financial services, and retail. The joint venture has a 74% stake from Bharti and 26% stake from AXA. It launched national operations in December 2006. Today, Bharti AXA Life has a national footprint of distributors trained to provide quality financial advice and insurance solutions to the large Indian customer base. Bharti AXA Life offers a range of innovative products and services that cater to specific insurance and wealth management needs of customers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details