TITLE: Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JJob Responsibilities: This person is a talented content creator who will focus on developing content marketing strategies and writing and editing content and thought leadership across various projects. Candidate must have love towards writing have a background understanding of health , make-up and beauty. Digital Content Creator who is highly motivated with an entrepreneurial spirit and ability to embody the voice of the brand. The Digital Content Marketer will be dedicated to growing an audience across social platforms & websites, engaging readers with shareable content and identifying industry trends. - Do research and come up with exciting new ideas for creating content that can go viral - Keep yourself up-to-date with tech news and use them as hooks to create content - Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies - Manage Content for multiple projects - Should be able to create creative content as well as use the social channel (Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Pinterest and websites.) to promote it. Soft Skills: - Outstanding content marketing skills required. - Provide writing and editing support for communications including various types of articles on a wide range of topics across the digital advertising landscape - Having good communication skills. - Should be creative thinker & writer Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Digital Marketing Social Media Campaigns Account Management content management Blogging Online Advertising Google Ananlytics Brand Development Journalism Web Content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization, English PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, M.A - Any Specialization, English Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sipani Online Pvt. Ltd Sipani Online Pvt. Ltd We are an ITES company and are launching our mobile application called "Style My Body". The Smartphone based application is an appointment booking application for Salons, Spas, Body Art Centres, Skin Clinics, Hair Clinics, etc. "STYLE MY BODY" is backed by "Klene Paks Limited', one of the largest manufacturer and exporter of HDPE/PP packaging materials in India Sipani Online Pvt Ltd. established in 2015. It's basically in to online marketing & It services. We are ambitious, growing fast and committed to providing the best online services. We have an impeccable track record for helping our customers, gaining popularity in the online world and beyond. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details