TITLE: Senior Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Android Developer: 3+ Years We are looking for an Android Developer with minimum 3 years + of Experience who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. Responsibilities: Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Work with outside data sources and APIs Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Participate in code reviews to maintain high quality code culture Requirements: BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Proven software development experience Proven working experience in Android development Have published at least one original Android app used by large number of users Experience with Android SDK Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Experience in architectural pattern design and implementation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android SDK Mobile Development Mobile Applications JSON Rest Design Patterns Software Development Life Cycle Computer Science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ShopsUp (HyperKonnect Technologies Private Limited) HyperKonnect Technologies Private Limited is a Start Up promoted by very renowned and successful entrepreneurs such as Anand Sankeshwar, Managing Director of VRL Logistics and VRL Media, Suhas Gopinath (World's Youngest CEO), Chairman & CEO, Globals Inc, Yangshu, CEO of Taojinjia.com from China (former President of Huawei) and Anmol Vij, Director of KeyMind Learning India Private Limited have joined hands together to launch a Mobile App called ShopsUp (project name). SHOPSUP intends to drive the customers, who had deserted them in favour of E commerce, back to the retail stores by providing them with reward points. ShopsUp will be using a patented beacon technology, which will ensure that any user who enters our Walk In Partner store is acknowledged and gets rewarded. These points can be redeemed instantaneously at any of the Reward partner stores which could be restaurants, movie theatres, beauty salons, spas and many more. This way ShopsUp can provide its users Global Redemption and Instant Gratification. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details