TITLE: Organizational Development Specialist - Manufacturing

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company and is responsible for supporting and executing at India level the organizational development efforts required to successfully deploying the Standard Implementation Framework in India. - The position works in concert with other OS resources, site OS practitioners and potentially the site-level leadership teams and support functions as well as contributes process and content improvements to the Operating System. You will be responsible for implementing and partially leading the organizational effectiveness, change management and learning processes required to successfully deploying across plants, especially in these areas : - Ensuring a wide understanding of the principles and practice of Change Mgt and their use - Coaching Training and developing capability in to embed coaching practice at all levels at site - Training in LSW and ensuring that it becomes a disciplined and focused activity - Facilitate understanding of the key role of communication as dialogue through communication workshops and ensuring communication and LSW are integrated - Support to execute key OS leader Behaviors throughout the site - supported through the OD Process Leader - Advising and assisting in a coherent and integrated approach to Learning at the site. - Lead Deployment Specialists, OS Specialists, Site Leaders, HR Site Leaders and OS Site Leaders in executing the road map for OS implementation and guide site leadership teams in effectively managing change. - Support site leadership team/steering committee through coaching and mentoring process to reach key OS milestones in each stages of the FSD cycle and to create a highly engaged and learning culture. - Support the site leadership to create, improve, and sustain a robust operating system to drive exceptional business results. - Train, coach and mentor leaders at various levels of the site organization involved in OS implementation to build sustainable capability within the site. - Support the execution of the OD Baseline results at site like organizational structure, roles and responsibilities, communication plans, talent development, standardized processes, reward & recognition and measurement systems to assess progress. - Drive and participate in OS best practice and knowledge sharing activities at the site & regional level. - Partner with OS Process Leaders to monitor and assess sites' maturity and deployment performance. Provide guidance to address gaps and drive corrective action at site. - Partner with OS Process Leaders to develop and implement OS-supportive actions across the appropriate area of focus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills HR Organizational Development Training Recognition Talent Development Learning Change Management Corrective Action HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Deliverable : - Support the organizational development, effectiveness, change management, employee engagement, talent development and learning strategies at site level required to successfully deploy the company Operating System across India. Success Factors : - Strong coaching and lateral influencing capability. - Ability to manage conflict and adapt quickly to changes in the work environment - Excellent facilitation and presentation skills. - Effective analytical and problem-solving abilities. - Demonstrated capability in change management initiatives driving exceptional business results - Strong verbal and written communication skills Travel Requirements : One travel monthly (approx) Company Profile: Essen Consulting Leading client of Essen Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details