TITLE: Pneumatic Components - Design & Installation

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Under the guidance of Project Managers to support projects and main sites by executing design jobs according Regular Development Process with specific focus on delivering the final design solution within the quality, cost, time and features.Â Installation of different pneumatic componentsÂ Pneumatic schematics and tube routing for braking and other applicationsÂ Work closely with supplier for development components.Â Engineering documentation of drawings and specifications. To execute Projects with QDCF (Quality, Delivery, project and product Cost, Feature). To work with cross functional teams and with a global network of people within Product Development, purchasing, Global Manufacturing and Aftermarket.Â To be an excellent team player.Â Take own initiatives and lead by example Salary:INR As per the company norms Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills Routing Networking Product Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required Competencies: Education: Masters/Bachelor degree in Mechanical/Automobile Engineering. Relevant Experience:Overall experience 3-7 years in the automobile industry. Knowledge: You should have good knowledge on overall design of pneumatic braking system. Design and installation of different pneumatic components on chassis. Good knowledge on design of sheet metal brackets and pneumatic routing. Involved in project vehicle builds, Verification and Validation of components and possessing knowledge in analyzing results of V&V thereby improving design to meet the project demands. Use of Quality tools in design. Knowledge of legal requirements for markets related to braking system. Engineering documentation of drawings and specifications. Support to Purchase Department in component development which are design or work along with supplier where component is the design proprietary of supplier. To work with cross functional teams and with a global network of people within Product Development, Purchasing, Global Manufacturing and Aftermarket. Company Profile: Volvo India Pvt. Ltd. The Volvo Group is one of the world's leading manufacturers of trucks, buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines. The Group also provides complete solutions for financing and service. The Volvo Group, with its headquarters in Gothenburg, employs about 100,000 people, has production facilities in 18 countries and sells its products in more than 190 markets. In 2015 the Volvo Group's net sales amounted to about SEK 313 billion. The Volvo Group is a publicly-held company. Volvo shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details