TITLE: Strategy and Insights- Analytics SAS

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Credit Risk Management Strategy is one of the key functional areas within Retail Risk Management. This function owns the development of Origination and Account Management strategies for the different Regions within group across all retail products (secure and unsecure). This role applies to the Business Consulting job family and would encompass formulating strategies such as approve/decline, limit table, line management, re-pricing, authorizations, etc., in accordance to the strategic direction of the Business area. Job Description 1. Support strategy building/analysis in different risk concepts within Card and Consumer Assets viz., Acquisitions, Approve/Decline, Line Management, Pricing etc. 2. Conduct portfolio diagnosis for different unsecured products in the region 3. Support deployment of Sherwood in the region 4. Create robust documentation around existing strategies and processes 5. Able to identify trends/deviations if any and recommend possible reasons 6. Independently work on end-to-end strategy building starting from data preparation, segmentation, profiling, impact assessment etc. 7. Able to handle large volumes of data and summarize meaningful information 8. Extensively work on excels and charts for data representation and creating pivots and views to share information 9. Create robust portfolio and strategy monitoring and tracking reports. 10. Identify opportunities for standardization of analytical processes to bring in effectiveness and gain efficiency 11. Drive innovation for self to deliver incremental business value to the Region The ideal candidate combines strong business and analytical skills with proven ability to execute projects self-reliantly Skills/Experience Required Bachelors degree in mathematics/ statistics/ economics or equivalent; Masters degree is preferred At least 3-9 years of relevant experience in analytics preferably in the fields like Strategy Development, Loss Forecasting/Reserving , Modeling, Risk Strategy, Marketing etc. Excellent communication skills with technical (the team) and non-technical (senior entity management in region) counterparts; being able to "translate" between the two worlds is the major thing in the day to day work. Strong analytical skills with an ability to grasp new concepts quickly. Good organizational, analytical, problem-solving and verbal and written communication skills. Strong technical skills -SAS, Excel is essential Prior exposure in working on Retail portfolios such as Mortgage, Cards, Loans and Overdrafts would be a plus Prior experience with acquisition risk strategy, account management strategy or strategy analysis and portfolio management would be preferred. Exposure to TRIAD and SMG3 would be a plus. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 17,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills Credit Risk Analytics Risk Analytics portfolio and strategy credit cards analytics Marketing insights and strategies marketing analytics business analytics cards acquisition retail portfolio analytics loss forecasting analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Maths, Statistics, B.A - Any Specialization, Statistics, Economics, Maths PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Maths, Statistics, M.A - Any Specialization, Economics, Statistics, Maths Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd BFSI Analytics Organization Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details