TITLE: Key Accounts Manager- Microsoft Cloud Solutions

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Microsoft Account Manager will directly work with Microsoft team to drive net new revenue across all our product lines. This role requires a self-motivated individual with an avid business intellect, the capability to drive critical business discussions with customer and Solution Selling skills and continuous learning are critical to attain the success in this role. Generating new business by identifying & hunting for new business for Microsoft cloud solutions. Customer oriented with the ability to not only start business relationships, but to have the drive, attitude and ability to maintain and grow them. Consistently meeting/exceeding quota using a consultative/solution selling approach, focused on solving client issues. Creating and maintaining solution opportunity, generation plans that contribute to Account Planning efforts in partnership with the Microsoft sales team based on targeting guidance. Build relationship with key decision makers (CIO & CXO) in respective accounts. Play an integral role in new business, value pitches and hold responsibility for the effective on boarding of new clients and partners. Improving the overall customer relationship, delivering reliable administrative support and customer service. Demonstrated experience and knowledge selling Microsoft cloud solutions with a focus on Productivity. Focus on articulating solution scenarios and the value proposition of Microsoft cloud solutions through partners across a customers organization. Must demonstrate experience in, cloud-computing technologies, as well as a willingness and capability to learn new technologies quickly. Prepare technical documentation and business proposals. Conduct Pilot and POCs on Microsoft Office 365, Azure and System Centre. Prepare and conduct customer and partner workshops. Maintain accurate pipeline & forecast on the monthly basis on COMPAREX CRM system. Salary:INR Best In The industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Sales Key Accounts Account Management CRM cloud solutions O365 AZURE Dynamics microsoft product sales software sales OEM sales Direct software sales microsoft partner microsoft reseller ms partner ms managing partner ms alliance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Comparex India Pvt Limited COMPAREX is a global IT provider specializing in license management, sourcing, technical product consulting and cloud-based professional services. With a record of accomplishment spanning thirty years, COMPAREX serves the Enterprise, public sector, large international corporations and SMB. Its portfolio includes software licenses from more than 3,000 vendors as well as consultancy and professional services. The COMPAREX Group employs more than 2,350 people at over 80 locations in 34 countries across Europe, Asia, Africa and the Americas. In fiscal year 2014/15, the COMPAREX Group generated revenue of 2,236 billion USD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details