TITLE: Dot Net Developer(mvc)-immediate Joining

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 3-5 years of experience into .Net. Minimum 2yrs of experience into MVC Good exposure into Angular.Js Good Exposure into Javascript. Good communication skills. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills .net developer MVC Javascript angular.JS angularjs dotnet Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arctern Arctern About Us: Arctern-Volt is a global provider of talent, technology & consulting. Being truly competitive in a global market place means taking advantage of all of the creativity and innovation the world has to offer. lt means driving continuous process improvement, efficiencies and automation. Volt: Our Parent Company Volt Information Sciences, Inc. (www.volt.com) is Arctern's parent company. Founded in 1950, Volt is a leading provider of global infrastructure solutions in technology, information services and staffing acquisition for its Fortune 100 customer base. Volt's workforce solutions include contract labor sourcing, professional search, managed services programs, vendor management systems and recruitment process outsourcing. Volt combines consultative focus, Six Sigma practices and efficient e-procurement technologies to deliver the talent and processes that help our customers succeed. Information-based services from Volt include information and database licensing, directories printing, and automated operator and directory information services that handle billions of voice and data transactions per year for customers in 55 countries. Volt's interactive voice response, speech recognition, VoIP, and contact center products and services are embedded directly into our clients' business operations to improve efficiency and operability. Volt's technology solutions include turnkey IT infrastructure support, systems integration, management consulting and telecommunications engineering, construction and integration. Volt builds, manages and supports a wide range of highly scalable and flexible business functions, supplying cost-effective, quick-turnaround solutions for our customers. Operating through an international network of servicing locations, the staffing segment fulfills IT, engineering, administrative, and industrial workforce requirements of its customers, for both professional search and temporary/contingent personnel as well as managed services programs and Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) services. Technology infrastructure services include telecommunications engineering, construction, and installation; central office services; and IT managed services and maintenance. Information-based services are primarily directory assistance, operator services, database management, and directory printing. Key facts Ã‚Â· Founded: 1950 Ã‚Â· Ownership: Public Ã‚Â· Revenue: $2.48+ billion Ã‚Â· Offices: More than 200 locations, nationally and globally. Employees in every U.S. state, plus locations in Canada, Europe, South America and Asia Ã‚Â· Employees: 3,500 internal and 28,000 contract employees on average Ã‚Â· Clients: More than 10,000 clients of all sizes; 60 percent of Fortune 100, and 50 percent of Fortune 500 Recognitions Ã‚Â· iSix Sigma Best Places to Work Ã‚Â· #3 U.S. Engineering/Design Firm Ã‚Â· #7 U.S. Finance & Accounting Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details