TITLE: Risk Analyst

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. The role is focused on the strategic transformation of our business and risk technology platforms, and business process re-engineering to improve data quality, strengthen controls and provide direction for an infrastructure that supports strong risk management. 2. The team will be responsible for oversight of data and infrastructure Risk related to Retail Risk and Regulatory processes, and independent assessment of risk related to adoption of new technologies to manage Retail data, analytics and reporting. 3. The incumbent will partner with provide modelling leads, perform model validation, Risk Data leads, Risk & Finance Architecture and identify opportunities for improvement in data preparation, model development, model validation and model execution for KNAB risk models under various stress tests in delinquency management. 4. Lead and perform analysis needed to define business need and requirements for data and infrastructure needed to support faster speed to market and enhanced controls for risk modelling, automated monitoring of Fit for purpose conditions of data used in business, standardization and automation of modelling data sets, automation of model execution and validation and effective solutions for big data processing and computation. 5. Lead and perform strategy development analysis to identify areas of opportunity and propose solutions for issues affecting data and infrastructure necessary for modelling. 6. Lead and perform analysis Qualification: 1. This candidate should have 3+ years of credit risk analysis, business banking/ SME risk policy development or risk reporting experience with a minimum of a bachelor's degree. 2. Candidate should have strong technical, analytical and problem solving skills. 3. SAS, SQL and advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint are required. 4. Master's Degree Required, preferred in statistics Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Keyskills SAS SQL SME Excel Powerpoint Risk Management Data Analytics Credit Risk Analysis Data Quality Delinquency Management Strategy Development Business Banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Knab Finance - Startup KNAB Finance is a new age Fintech startup enabling growth capital for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) through its credit platform. KNAB uses technologies to automate loan origination and underwriting by integrating with multiple identity and credit systems. KNAB has a credit model for different industry sectors that uses different proxies to assess the credit worthiness of a business. KNAB's technology detects high risk applications by leveraging connections with social media platforms and other big data sources. The data is leveraged to build predictive models around risk in an industry, sub-sector, geo-location and enterprise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details