TITLE: Opening for Test Developement Engineer (contract) with a Reputed MNC

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION:- Responsibilities Your responsibilities may include:Â -Understand the system requirements and new functionality of software releases. -Support in generating test requirements & test plans -Design test setups and develop test code for testing functionality and performance of the systems -Execute and analyze test results, report issues and generate formal test reports -Interface with various test equipment like Spirent test center, Ixia tools, R&S tools Required Qualifications / skills Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science / Engineering or Electrical Engineering. -4-6 years experience. -Experience on L2, L3, L7, DSL, WLAN, 802.1X, QoS, LTE and IPv6. (Combination of any 4 skills set is mandatory). -Strong analytical skills for problem abstraction -Strong knowledge of IP-based networking protocols -Familiarity with standard software engineering practices for version control, configuration management, testing, root cause analysis, and quality assurance Manual Testing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills L2 L3 L7 802.1x QoS DSL IPv6 C TCL Windows Linux Python Perl Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LanceSoft India Pvt. Ltd. In business since 2000, headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, LanceSoft is a leading Contingent Workforce and IT Solutions provider operating out of various locations across the North America, Canada and Asia Pacific. We serve customers across diverse markets like: Technology, BFSI, Healthcare, Telecom, Energy & Utilities, US Government and many more. LanceSoft is currently a Vendor-of-Choice for various Fortune 500 companies. We have consistently received the "Service Excellence Award" for the year 2009 and 2010 and the "Supplier of the Year" award from Kelly Services for the year 2011 for the Johnson & Johnson staffing program. LanceSoft has also been featured as one of the Top 20 IT Services Company in the US in the si100 Magazine, consecutively for two years - 2011 and 2010. We have also been acknowledged as a fast-growing global IT services company with an impeccable record of deliveries spanning various verticals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details