TITLE: IT Quality Assurance Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Liventus India is seeking several IT Quality Assurance Specialists who will be responsible for performing tests on existing as well as new computer applications to isolate and solve issues related to legacy as well as new programming platforms. The IT Quality Assurance specialists will initiate testing, analyze data, review results and identify technical problems as well as find solutions to these issues. Responsibilities: Design and execute test plans on computer applications. Record and document results and compare to expected results. Detect software failures so that defects may be corrected. Generate historical analysis of test results. Assist in managing the distribution of application-related web help desk tickets. Document anomalies and issues. Maintain database of software defects. Examine code and execution of code in various environments. Verify specific action or function of code. Operate and maintain test networks. Provide application instructions for users. Develop and document application test plans based on software requirements and technical specifications. Create meaningful error handling procedures for application code. Ensure compliance with general programming best practices accepted web standards and those standards set forth by upstream sources. Perform application security audits. Implement application designs, create queries, scripts, web pages and other deliverables. Participate in application planning meetings. Ensure data integrity standards. Perform reviews, walkthroughs or inspections. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. negotiable dep on candidate and experience Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills QA Engineer QA manager System Testing Quality assurance engineer JMeter Test Cases Web Technologies Application Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers, B.Ed - Education, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, Other Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Requirements: Undergraduate and Graduate degrees in Information Technology and/or Computer Sciences. Hands on Programming experience. 5 to 10+ years of experience in the IT Quality Assurance area. Strong background in business automation processing. Preference to candidates with both graduate and undergraduate CS or IT degrees. Lives near our Bangalore office or willing to relocate. High level of English Fluency. Willingness to work either 2nd shift or night shift. Company Profile: Liventus Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Company Profile: Liventus Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Liventus India and Liventus U.S.A offer a complete array of consulting and development services primarily to U.S. based customers, including custom software development, ecommerce automation, mobile technology solutions and more to fit businesses' and corporations' needs while exceeding expectations. "Beacon Funding promotes an entrepreneurial culture in which employees are encouraged to assist in developing new and innovative ideas. Our organization resists bureaucracy and is looking for talented professionals who are willing to roll up their sleeves to help implement new business automation technology, best practicesand growth strategies." -Sam Oliva, CEO Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details