TITLE: Deputy Engineer / Sr. Engineer - Mechanical

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Evaluate systems and recommend design modifications or equipment repair. 2. Work with project managers on production efforts to ensure that projects are completed satisfactorily, on time, and within budget. 2. Direct manufacturing, installing, and testing of mechanical equipment to ensure that products meet specifications and expected performance levels. 3. Detailed documentation in design, manufacturing, installation, standards and specifications of equipment. 4. Development of maintenance and testing procedures for mechanical components and equipment. 5. Inspect mechanical equipment, instruments, and systems to make sure they meet safety standards and applicable regulations 6. Investigate complaints from customers, evaluate problems, and recommend solutions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Aviation / Aerospace Firms Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Design Engineer/Manager Keyskills Maintenance Electricals Mechanical Electronics Manufacturing production engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Mechanical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills1. Strong analysis and practical problem-solving abilities to improve designs2. Good oral, written and diagrammatic communication skills, with the ability to translate complex ideas into clear concepts with creativity, innovation and pay attention to detail3. Strategic thinking and commercial awareness of the industryorganization, project management and leadership skills4. Ability to work in a multidisciplinary team with other engineers5. Understanding of health and safety regulations and high level of technical knowledge and IT skillsPrior Experience;Government / PSU or reputed Private companies, in following areas:a) Design and development of new productsb) Manufacturing activities in Electro-Mechanical Industryc) Aviation / Aerospace, Manufacturing & Repair Occupationsd) Mechanical Occupationse) Marine/ Locomotive/Automotive Captive plants f) Outdoor Power Equipment Occupationsg) Precision Metal Work Occupations Company Profile: Alpha Design Technologies Pvt Ltd ALPHA, a premier private sector Defence Electronics (R&D & Manufacturing) Company is located at Indiranagar, Bangalore. With its unique, indigenous & innovative R&D & technology base, Alpha proffers assistance in all facets of defence technology. Alpha responds in a very unique & innovative manner to the needs of India's defence and para military markets. The company is structured to offer technical support, local assembly facilities & technology integration services to international and Indian organizations. Alpha's management, operations & production executives combine a wealth of experience in all facets of defence technology including R&D, manufacture, testing, evaluation and system integration. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details