TITLE: Urgnt Hiring || Risk Investigation - French Language Expert || Bangalo

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hope you are doing well. We have an urgent opening for multiple position of Risk Invesgation French Language Expert profile for BangaloreÂ Location. If you are interested then Kindly provide all the details and send your updated CV. Total Exp- Relevant Exp- Current Organization- French Language certification Level French language Proficiency:- Read.- Yes/no Write: - Yes/ No Speak:- Yes/No Current Location- Current CTC- Expected CTC- Notice Period- Are you ready to work for rotational shift:- Please reach out to me on 7827556002 or mail me at sharma.megha@anrisolutions.com for further discussion. References would be also be appreciated. Job Description The Transaction Risk Investigator position relies on excellent judgment to plan and accomplish goals and will work under very limited supervision of the Manager. Excellent individual problem-solving and analytical skills are used to authenticate customers and complex transactions. Nearly all decisions are expected to be made independently with little to no guidance and a high degree of accuracy. The Transaction Risk Investigator will be required to engage in frequent written and verbal communication with department management, risk analysts, risk engineers, other company associates and third-parties to accomplish goals. They may also be required to contact customers by phone. 10+2 or above. Only Level B2 or above level in French language / equivalent certification. Willing to relocate to Bangalore. Â Experienced. Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 7,50,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills French Language Expert Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ANRI SOLUTIONS HR SERVICES PVT LTD ANRI Solutions HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is a Delhi based leading employment expert, offering a full range of options to help businesses and individuals choose their way in the contemporary world of work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details