TITLE: Sr. Executive to Sr. Manager

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Ensure timely closure of land acquisition. 2. Liaosning with local bodies. 3. Ensure all Permits and Clearances w.r.t. local regulations are obtained timely. 4. Tendering and Bidding for Solar Power Projects MW Level 5. SECI / MNRE Documentation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Bidding Tendering Land Acquisition Power Projects Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Energy PG:PG Diploma - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1. Relevant experience based on responsibilities.2. Desired fit to organisations core values. 3. Sound Understanding of JNSSM, Solar Policy and Related Matters.4. Sound on Solar Market Conditions. 5. Must know local languages : Kannada for Bangalore, Telugu and Telangana for Hyderabad Company Profile: Azure Power India Pvt Ltd Azure Power India Pvt Ltd Azure Power is a new-age independent solar energy company with cutting-edge technology. We harness the abundance of solar energy in India to offer clean and affordable solar energy to customers with zero upfront cost and operational expenses. Azure Power has been at the forefront of developments in the sector since its inception in 2007. Azure Power has presence in 14 states. Azure has created a historic first success for private investment in renewable solar power generation in India. Azure Power is the lowest end-solar cost power producer in the industry and have been successful in bringing the power cost from INR 17 in 2009 to INR 6.44 in 2014. Azure Power has been the benchmark setter for the Indian Solar Industry with the first solar power plant launch in private sector at a mega scale in Punjab. The company also installed India's first megawatt scale solar rooftop project in Gandhi Nagar Gujarat and which was awarded the top 10 Public Private Partnership, 2013 by World Bank. Azure Power's Solar as a Service offering, manages the entire project process for its customers, reduces costs of generating electricity, and provides long term predictable pricing.Our offices are located across India and US. We are currently hiring for positions in our Delhi office. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details