TITLE: Hiring for HCI - PI Consultants- Apply Now

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Preferred Skills: -4 - 8 years of experience in SAP HCI-PI -Deal with the newest SAP Process Integration product releases Â Â Â such as Process Integration and Process Orchestration, versions Â 7.3x, 7.4 and 7.5 and Hana Cloud Integration. -Hands on experience in developing complex mapping (Graphical Â and Java), Runtime workbench, Message Monitoring, Alerts, ALE Â Configuration, Netweaver Business Process Management (BPM) Â and Business Rule Management (BRM) -Software development skills in Java, Understanding of JAVA Â J2EE, Rest and SOAP based services Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills PI HCI SAP HCI SAP PI Java PO java developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Incture Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Incture Technologies Pvt. Ltd. http://www.incture.com Do you know that Incture has been ranked #24 in Deloitte Technology Fastest 50 growing companies at a growth rate of 221% in last 3 years! Incture has been delivering "technology enabled business innovation" to SAP customers, since 2006. Our SmartApps solve multitude of business and technology problems, in ways smarter than was possible with the legacy/web applications. SmartApps Integrate people, processes, data & systems to make work easy, and deliver a shift in business performance and people experiences. We are headquartered in India (Bangalore) with offices in US, Singapore, Thailand and customers spread across the globe. A dedicated team of 200 + specialists spearheads the continuous growth of Incture. Our People Focus is industry leading as well - Come join us! Find yourself, in a company of people, who are passionate, and out there to make a difference. Together we continue to build a team of bright people, and If you know someone like that, bring them along. We are an equal opportunity employer, and go out of the way to be truly inclusive. Our culture and practices are constantly evolving to put "people before profits". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details