TITLE: Senior Vendor Manager - Softlines Category - Apparel - Ecommerce

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking out for candidates with 7+years of experienced in (Apparel),Category management, People Management,Business Development,vendor management. Softline (Apparel Experience) - NIFT graduate with 8-9 yrs + exp working OR Top B school with 6-7 yrs exp - Candidate should have people manger exp - mandatory - Candidate should have working exp with good apparel brands/sites. Skills : - Candidates experienced in Apparel/Fashion category is preferred or others. - MBA from Tier-1 Institutes - NIFT/MBA and experience from top E-commerce companies. - NIFT,9+years of experience in apparels category with Top E-commerce companies. Job location : Bangalore Responsibilities This person will have responsibility for: Building selection and terms negotiation: Will be responsible for determining customer market needs, growing selection across sub-categories, brands and use cases, managing vendor partners, optimizing vendor terms and getting support for marketing campaigns. Drive efficiency - Inventory turns / OTB Management: Will be responsible for operating on industry benchmark inventory turns for the Vendor and generating a positive/self-sustaining business by efficient OTB management Pricing: Responsible for pricing strategy for the category so that we can offer to the customers the best value, value being a combination of price and any convenience. Candidate will also be responsible for using pricing as a lever to ensure efficient cash flow management against the profitability goal. Business planning and communication to senior management: Develop a short-term and long-term plan for growth and report to Senior Management on a regular basis on the state of key topline and bottom-line metrics and risk factors. Joint Planning with Marketplace team: Work closely with the marketplace team to ensure sufficient visibility to our products and jointly participate in the marketing events conducted on the platform. Innovation: Invent and drive continuous process improvement and automation across our systems to allow us to scale a fast growing business. Basic Qualifications Demonstrated ability to take ownership and drive results Strong business judgment with a track record of successful negotiations and overall relationship management. Ability to think strategically and tactically, with excellent attention to detail Tenacity to develop ideas independently and thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment Proven analytical thinking, project management skills, attention to detail and exceptional organizational skills are essential A track record of success in past roles Candidate must be fluent in English 7 + years of relevant experience in sales manager / category manager/account manager role desired The position will be based in Bangalore. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Marketing Campaigns Sales Management Business Development Relationship Management Account Management Category Management Strategy Vendor Management Event Marketing Business Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: CareerNet Technologies Pvt Ltd Client of CareerNet Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details