TITLE: Strategic Account Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop new client partnerships with companys key accounts, and develop strategic partnerships with large companies across industries. Nurture and develop existing clients, and generate incremental revenues within these accounts by selling additional products and services. Proactively identify & solve customer business problems by providing subject matter expertise and by using relevant product and services lines to create solutions. Key point of contact for large accounts. Ability to maintain senior level client relationships. Will be required to implement companys aggressive growth plans in the identified territory. Primary focus will be on new business while ensuring existing relationships are maintained. High adherence to internal CRM with an estimate of sales forecast. Liaising with the operations/products team for a smooth delivery of the end product and ensuring the service expectations of the customers are met. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Sales Forecasting Key Accounts Selling Account Management Strategic Partnerships CRM Focus New Business Senior Level Subject Matter Expertise Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills and Experience: MBA with at least 3-4 years experience in Key Accounts Management. Strategic thinking and analytical skills Excellent written, oral communication and presentation skills. Good negotiation skills to achieve desired results/meet customer needs. Company Profile: Knolskape-Startup jobs KNOLSKAPE is an award winning immersive gamification and simulation Software Company focusing on talent transformation. Using experiential learning products, KNOLSKAPE helps organizations attract, grow and retain talent. Global Fortune 500 companies and Top-10 B-schools use KNOLSKAPE's products and solutions for on-boarding, training, assessments and talent engagement. KNOLSKAPE has presence in Singapore and India, with clients across the globe. KNOLSKAPE is a NASSCOM Top 10 Emerge Company and the recipient of the Edustar award, IBM Top 5 Global Entrepreneur award and the Red Herring Top 100 Asia award. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details