TITLE: Microsoft Dynamics NAV Developer (team Leader)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this QUALIFICATIONS: A candidate with computer science and financial accounting qualification background is highly desired. SKILL SETS: 3+ years experience working with Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2015 or higher Knowledge of .NET/ SQL, Cside, C/AL and other technologies in the MS Stack Excellent communication skills Architect experience Must Have strong financial/ accountancy background GOOD TO HAVE: Dynamics NAV Certification Javascript, HTML, DHTML knowledge & Experience Degree educated in Computer Science and Commerce/Accounting DESIRED ATTRIBUTES (EXPECTED) Strong English communication skills Spoken and Written Sharp, driven, entrepreneurial, and innovative. With Development experience of financial accounting domain is highly desired. Job Description: Manage projects independently from initialization to closing like communicate with clients, gather business requirements, create software architectural design, design interface, development, deployment, support and maintenance. Create Data base architectural design in line with software interface requirements. Manage team of developers; help them in creating code logics, queries, programming troubleshooting & testing. Working closely with interface designers, engineers, business analyst and project managers. Responsible for building out the next-generation products i.e. device Integration with application and platforms. Work with cutting edge technology in a fast paced, growing environment. Must be willing to travel abroad whenever needed for International Projects on short & long term basis like Europe, Middle East & North America Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Project Management Software Development Business Analysis Middle East Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CIEL HR Services Pvt Ltd Our Client is a privately held, growing company specialized in ERP software system for Freight Forwarding & Logistics Industry, with an excellent management staff in place, has been in business for over the years bundled with different business divisions and looking to grow more, the head count, product line and revenue with Head Office located in Dubai and Development Centre in Bangalore, India as part of a MNC group. Our Client has proven record of ERP Software implementation in Middle East, Far East, Europe, America and India for Freight & Forwarding, Shipping, Supply Chain and Logistics Industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details