TITLE: ITI Technician - Mechanical

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Involved in repair, maintenance, installation and fabrication activities of the system. 2. Performing Assembly, wiring, testing & integration of following sub-systems 3. Drive and Control System (DCS) & Local Controls System 4. Involved in Telemetry Systems , Metrology &GPS/Time System 5. Meteorology and environmental sensors & Communications Systems 6. Serial and parallel electronic communications & Fiber optics 7. Network terminal servers, switches and routers 8. Radio communications sub-systems and overall link testing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Aviation / Aerospace Firms Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Workman/Foreman/Technician Keyskills Maintenance Technician Activities Control System Fiber Optics iti mechanical Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skillsa) Candidate with High-Tech Aptitude,Technical skill,Â Manual Dexterity and problem-solving skillsb) Thorough Knowledge of Tools and Equipment: c) Possess Troubleshooting SkillsÂ d) Awareness of safety requirementse) Communication Skills,Â Customer Service Skills & interest in trendsReferences from employers detailing the nature of trade work and the duration of employment, procedures applied and tools and equipment used which are consistent with your trade (references must be on employer's letterhead signed and dated)Log books or job cards illustrating the nature of trade work you have performed & records of formal training completedAny other evidence that demonstrates that you are competent or trained to work in your trade that has been verified by a past employer or qualified supervisorQualification;ITI Mechanical / Fitter Trade from a recognized Board / Council or National Trade Certificate warded by NVCT and National Apprenticeship Certificate (NAC) Experience Experience of minimum 5 years, in any of the following disciplines .Manufacturing activities in Electro-Mechanical IndustryAviation / Aerospace, Manufacturing & Repair OccupationsElectro-Mechanical OccupationsMarine/ Locomotive/Automotive Captive plantsÂ Outdoor Power Equipment OccupationsPrecision Metal Work OccupationsOther Unique & Emerging trades Company Profile: Alpha Design Technologies Pvt Ltd Alpha Design Technologies Pvt Ltd ALPHA, a premier private sector Defence Electronics (R&D & Manufacturing) Company is located at Indiranagar, Bangalore. With its unique, indigenous & innovative R&D & technology base, Alpha proffers assistance in all facets of defence technology. Alpha responds in a very unique & innovative manner to the needs of India's defence and para military markets. The company is structured to offer technical support, local assembly facilities & technology integration services to international and Indian organizations. Alpha's management, operations & production executives combine a wealth of experience in all facets of defence technology including R&D, manufacture, testing, evaluation and system integration. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details