TITLE: SAP Trainers - SD, FI & HR

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SAP Trainer jobs are one of the most lucrative additional earning mediums for SAP Consultants in India and hence this opportunity can be a founding stone for your SAP trainer career. We have tied up with 30+ MBA colleges in Bangalore and hence we need nearly 40 trainers in each one the above mentioned modules to train these MBA students. Training duration: 4 hours per class & 2 classes per day (You can even choose to do part time, by delivering training only for 4 hours 9AM to 1PM or 2PM to 6PM) Training location: Nearest available college will be allocated Duration: for 1 month (Starting from 16th Aug'16) No. of Positions: 40 for SAP SD , 40 for SAP FI & 40 for SAP HR Program Type: SAP R/3 Training Course Content: Will be provided along with a detailed day wise plan Audience Type: MBA 3rd Sem. Students Train the trainers program: You will get training on how to handle the class Remuneration: Rs 40,000/- + Experience certificate + special incentives of Rs10,000/- to Rs25,000/- for top rated trainers Interview: Telephonic (Telephonic interview - for evaluating communication & SAP skills) About the Company: Our areas of business IT We believe that IT is an art. This art form requires a deep sense and science of imagination. Training - We are an authorized partner for SAP Global Training & Certification program. Presently we have our SAP education centre in Bangalore and will be coming up in Hyderabad & Chennai in next 3 Months. Resourcing Consulting & Support - In SAP Consulting we have multiple projects of customers like Kurlon, Unichem, etc. Product & Platform development Applications around content Education - Connaissance Education is engaged in education in K-12 category at the moment with its school, Sri Rama Vidyalaya which is one of the reputed schools in Karnataka. We run the school under charity. Very Soon we will be coming with a research wing too, for developing the teaching pedagogy with IT integrations, which will be called as SRE labs. Realty - Connaissance Realty is a major player in the realty sector in Karnataka engaged in landscape development, constructions, and other real estate activities of buying, selling, leasing and consulting for mega projects. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAP HR Training Delivery SAP SD SAP Consulting SAP FI Part Time SAP R Real Estate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TalentPegs Connaissance IT Our areas of business IT - We believe that IT is an art. This art form requires a deep sense and science of imagination. Training - We are an authorized partner for SAP Global Training & Certification program. Presently we have our SAP education centre in Bangalore and will be coming up in Hyderabad & Chennai in next 3 Months. Resourcing Consulting & Support - In SAP Consulting we have multiple projects of customers like Kurlon, Unichem, etc. Product & Platform development Applications around content Education - Connaissance Education is engaged in education in K-12 category at the moment with its school, Sri Rama Vidyalaya which is one of the reputed schools in Karnataka. We run the school under charity. Very Soon we will be coming with a research wing too, for developing the teaching pedagogy with IT integrations, which will be called as SRE labs. Realty - Connaissance Realty is a major player in the realty sector in Karnataka engaged in landscape development, constructions, and other real estate activities of buying, selling, leasing and consulting for mega projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details