TITLE: Food & Beverage Associate

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ARE YOU HAPPY WITH OK? OR PERFECTION? It takes a special kind of person to work at Shangri-La: someone with an eye for details and the skills to perform; someone with an attitude to deliver and a passion to delight. Are you Shangri-La? We are diverse, warm and caring, but also demanding, dynamic and innovative. As with every property in the group, Shangri-La Hotel Bengaluru galore will operate on a simple yet powerful philosophy of Shangri-La hospitality from a caring family. The uniquely Asian view of service at this luxury hotel in Bangalore embodies the core values of respect, helpfulness, courtesy, sincerity and humility. These qualities have been the cornerstone of Shangri-Las success. We currently have vacancies for Service Associates for F&B Service to join our team. Key responsibilities: Under the direction of the restaurant in-charge, the Service Associate is responsible for mise-en-place, service, cashiering and maximization of guest satisfaction in the outlets. Experiences and skills required: At least 1 year experience in similar position in F&B Service Operations as Associate Active listening, excellent command of written and spoken English Hotel Management graduate Knowledge on Opera Operating System Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Steward Keyskills Food Beverage Hotel Management Restaurant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BHM - Hotel Management PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Shangri-La Hotel Bengaluru Shangri-La Hotel Bengaluru We are diverse, warm and caring, but also demanding, dynamic and innovative. As with every property in the group, Shangri-La Hotel Bengaluru galore will operate on a simple yet powerful philosophy of Shangri-La hospitality from a caring family. The uniquely Asian view of service at this luxury hotel in Bangalore embodies the core values of respect, helpfulness, courtesy, sincerity and humility. These qualities have been the cornerstone of Shangri-La's success. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details