TITLE: MEAN Stack Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this If you are someone who is NOT a regular software developer, someone who wants to use his skills for building a better society, we bet you will find this interesting. Try answering this question 20 divided by ______ = 5 A piece of cake, right- Sadly, only about 30% of class 4 students were able to answer this correctly. This is an indicator of the kind of learning that is happening in classrooms. And this is no huge difference between a private school and a Government school. So, what can we do- Go and train every teacher on how to teach- That is not scalable. How would it be if we can build a technology based solution that can improve the quality of learning in the classroom- Wouldn- t it be great if we can give children access to best quality education irrespective of their economic status- We are building Mindspark, a technology based learning solution that works with every child at a pace they are comfortable with. In the last 8 years, Mindspark has helped thousands of children learn Math and remove the fear of Math. Our vision is to help children everywhere learn with understanding and we believe this is possible by marrying technology with the science of Learning. We are looking for like-minded software developers, who want to be part of this Ed-tech revolution to build a better future. You can read more about us here. What responsibilities will you hold Work with architect/project lead to perform high/low level design/architecture Provide innovative solutions to complex business problems Coding and implementation using best practices to produce high performing/scalable/secured modules Execute system development and maintenance activities The person should have advanced proficiency in Nodejs, Mongodb Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 8,50,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Coding Software Development nodejs mongodb Express angularjs Javascript php Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Educational Initiatives Private Limited Founded by a group of IIMA alumni, with ample personal experience of educational institutions, Educational Initiatives (EI) is an effort to ensure every child learns with understanding. Established in 2001, Educational Initiatives believes in making a difference in education through personalized learning and ensuring that students learn with understanding. EI has over 15 years of expertise in education, with a deep understanding of child psychology and efficient methods of teaching, based on detailed research and a formidable database of student learning through ASSET. Our detailed research has proven that children today respond to rote-based questions relatively well, however, they fail to answer unfamiliar or application based questions due to unclear core concepts. We aim at addressing this fundamental problem with a competitive team of professionals from the industry and strong trust based relationships that we share with over 3,000 schools in India over the last 14 years. Our team consists of professionals who have vast experience in the field of school education. The team members have taught in leading schools, been members of the state textbook committees and designed and taught courses at the school as well as teacher-training level. We believe in learning through understanding, so that the education lasts the students for a lifetime as a tool to help them in all their endeavours. Through our other interactive tools like Mindspark (digital self learning program), ASSET, Detailed Assessment, CCE Certificate Course, Teacher Evaluation Program, Teacher Sheets and more, Educational Initiatives assists thousands of teachers in improving their students' achievements. EI is also working with leading organizations like World Bank, Michael and Susan Dell Foundation, Google, Azim Premji Foundation and is doing large scale assessment projects with various State Governments. In the last 14 years, EI has assessed over 2 million students, with more than 65,000 students experiencing personalized learning through Mindspark in cities like Lansing and Michigan, USA. Today, EI has worked with over 3000 schools with over 3.5 lac students taking the EI's International Benchmarking Test - ASSET every year and has a presence in UAE, Kuwait, Singapore and USA. EI, in association with Google, has also conducted one of the largest studies to know the student learning levels in government schools in 21 states of India, along with a Students Learning in Metros Study conducted in association with Wipro. The Government of Bhutan has also partnered with EI to conduct Student and Teachers Assessments on annual basis. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details