TITLE: Payroll Delivery Analyst

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role :- Job Description This position will be responsible for the administration of the Employee time and attendance and Payroll data administration. The Senior Payroll Specialist (Country Focal) is responsible for the timely and accurate delivery of payroll for multiple entities / countries, including record keeping and reporting. Responsibility Data Administration Accountable & Responsible for the End to End Payroll processing for Multiple Countries for EMEA Region. Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for SME & Stake holders. Act as a Backup for Assistant Manager during critical periods. In-depth Statutory & Payroll Knowledge Support on the SOX / CORP Audit Prepare the MOR / Scorecard / Matrix for EMEA Region Supporting the M&A / SAP Integrations & T&A Projects Drive the Improvement projects ( End to End Projects) Initiate RCA & Implement the CA/PA for the issues Focus on the Productivity and Kaizen Culture Handle & manage large amount of confidential data & Adhere to Data Privacy Act. Processing and reporting Handling Tier 2/3 queries (email, telephonic & in person) Responsible for issue resolution involving vendors / upstream / down stream processes Working closely with SME and Team to complete the actions Responsible for Payroll Processing Accurate & Timely To act upon ad hoc payroll requests in a timely manner, without impacting the business. Ability to multi task to ensure completion Ensures adherence to policies and legislations Audits and reconciliation Perform reconciliation to maintain the accuracy of payroll Adherence to compliance / statutory recovery ( Tax / pension recovery etc) Ensure accuracy of records on the payroll system through thorough checks & control reports. To maintain detailed audit trails for all activities, and maintain effective documentation with regard to each case. Applies experience and judgment to perform analysis to identify any inconsistencies and abnormality Communication Internal Communicate internally within the department for day to day operations External Communicate with various functions, auditors, vendors. Interact with technical teams for changes to the system configurations as required. Education Level and other relevant experience Graduate in any discipline (preference for commerce) 4-8 years of experience in payroll in medium / large scale industry Experience of handling end to end payroll processing function Knowledge Skills ( General & Technical ) Complete end to end knowledge of Payroll for multiple countries Working knowledge of MS Office and advance level skills in Excel Experience in working in back office Good Analytical skills Good verbal & written communication Stakeholder / SME / Team Management skills Other requirements License and certificates Self motivated Flexibility to work in shifts Ability to handle large volumes. Willingness to take on additional responsibility Proactive mindset Six Sigma Knowledge and SAP Mandatory Shift Timings:- 12:30 to 9 :30 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills Payroll Processing Administration PA Attendance Auditing Record Keeping MS Office Issue Resolution Team Management Skills audit Legal Compliance Payroll Tax SAP payroll processing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt. Ltd. One of the Fortune 100 Client It is one of the Fortune 100 Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details