TITLE: Godrej & Boyce - Asst Manager Sales - Vending Solutions, Bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opening with Godrej & Boyce - About Business: PRIMA: Godrej Prima is engaged in the business of: 1. VENDING- A leading manufacturer of high quality table top beverage Vending Machines for the world market in collaboration with M/s Veromatic International, Netherlands. 2. AUDIO VISUAL SOLUTIONS- Bringing a spectrum of hi-tech Conference Solutions. 3. BATTERIES- Specially designed batteries for various applications FUNCTION - Sales POSITION NAME - Sr. Executive / Asst. Manager Sales (Vending Solutions) LOCATION - Bangalore Key Result Areas - 1.Achieving business targets of Sales Volume and throughput 2.Maintaining stock as per norms 3.Channel Management and implementing sales strategies 4.Achieve the required Machine to Premix connect ratio in the assigned territory 5.Receivables Management 6.Market Intelligence JOB DESCRIPTION - 1.Market coverage 2.Channel development and management 3.Achieving sales volume/business targets 4.Control stocks 5.Handle key accounts 6.Give product demonstrations to prospective customers 7.Implementing sales strategies 8.Build required rapport with the Key Accounts in the assigned territory. 9.Studying competitor activity in the assigned territory and giving relevant feedback to Team Head / Branch Head 10.Interacting and co-ordination with Marketing, Service, Marketing operations team & Logistics etc. whenever required Interested Candidates send your resume at rameeza@godrej.com Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Channel Sales sales b2b sales channel management corporate sales institutional sales Business development channel partner Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.A - Any Specialization, B.B.A - Management, BCA - Computers, BHM - Hotel Management PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej and Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd From high tech engineering solutions to world-class consumer products, Godrej is an integral part of the lives of millions of Indians. Setting quality benchmarks and redefining customer satisfaction as we enrich lives across boundaries. At Godrej, its more than a career, its an opportunity to live your dreams. Its about imbibing a culture that nurtures your ambition with opportunities and challenges, a culture that encourages freedom to operate, to express yourself and to learn. Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd. is a manufacturing major with 14 diverse strategic business units ranging from hi-tech engineering to world class office & consumer products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details