TITLE: Senior Dot Net Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this If you thrive on new challenges, continuous learning, and making a difference, you should consider a career in our Startup. We offer the cloud-based software solution for enterprise eye care challenges, delivered in a personalized and comprehensive way. By integrating with Retailer chain, Eye Doctor, Optical Labs, Eyeglass manufacturer, and Eye care Insurances, our software and consulting service helps an enterprise engage patient, deliver a wide range of eye care services, establish benchmarks, set goals, understand underlying eye issues, and bring awareness of eye care. Our customers include large USA retail chains, large hospitals, eye doctors, optical suppliers and insurances. We are looking for a creative, hands-on, and experienced software development engineer highly capable of designing and developing a growing portfolio of OptiRise customer experiences. We are looking for a creative, hands-on, and experienced senior Dot Net Engineers. Job Requirements: -3 to 8 years of experience in .Net based Web applications development. -Strong experience in MVC framework -Experience in ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, REST, JQuery, Bootstrap and AngularJS -Experience in designing and providing technical solutions. -Experience on modern software development techniques, including agile/SCRUM methodology, object-oriented design, N-Unit, continuous integration, and version control -Good communication skills -Should be able to gather requirements from customer and deliver independently -Should have knowledge of latest .net language features which will help in writing the code. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Dot net developer C# Asp .Net Tech lead Senior .net developer MVC Scrum AngularJS Bootstrap Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: OptiRise Software Pvt Ltd We are a team of young and enthusiastic professionals with a combined experience of more than 20 years in the eye care industry and software development. Using latest tools and technologies, we deliver tailor made solutions to our global clients in the vision care industry. Our in-depth knowledge on the subject matter has enabled us to provide strategic insights and real-time solutions. We have worked with major optical retailers, insurance companies and optometrists in the USA streamlining their entire process through cloud based back-end applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details