TITLE: Android IOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IOS Developer: Expertise in building complex applications for the iPhone, iPad and iWatch using Objective-C/C++ or Swift. Experience on working with Latest versions of Xcode. Good understanding of iOS platform and best practices. Ability to integrate apps with web-services. Strong knowledge with OOPS concepts and Cocoa. Knowledge of Phonegap, Ionic or other mobile hybrid development engines Strong understanding about latest versions of iOS SDK and the latest technologies available for the respective SDK versions . Working experience with Bluetooth technologies (ibeacon) Expertise with Sqlite databases and core data technologies. In-depth knowledge on Appstore release and other process involved in the life cycle of the application. Ability to operate confidently and constructively with peers and technical management. Has a passion for innovation, proactive self-starter, delivery focused, results orientated, strongwilled but flexible, and capable of making independent decisions. Ability to adapt to new technologies based on market trends Good written and verbal communication skills. Android: - 3+ years mobile application development experience with solid programming abilities include Core Java, uses of Android SDK for Phone and Tablet application development. - Passion for learning new technologies and eagerness to collaborate with other creative minds. - Evaluate and select from existing and emerging technologies for the options best fitting business needs. - Ability to translate concept designs into user interfaces on mobile devices - Deep understanding of Android Architecture - Experience in Push Notification Services, Foundation Framework, Memory Management, Core Data and latest APIs. - Experience working XML/JSON and familiarity with REST/SOAP/ OAUTH methodologies. - Understanding of system and application performance limits and characteristics - Developed and launched apps to the Play Store - Experience with Distributed Version Control systems (Git, SVN) - Experience using HTML, CSS and JavaScript in mobile applications - Cross platform development using Phonegap/Ionic Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Core Java Android SDK Objective C C++ IPhone SQLite Javascript HTML IOS Phonegap Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: ITC Infotech India Ltd ITC Infotech India Ltd. (www.itcinfotech.com ) is an SEI CMM Level 5 software services & solutions provider. Supported by ITC's strong business fundamentals, our corporate vision and resources are totally aligned to deliver to our global clients the true essence of Business-friendly Solutions, innovatively and cost-effectively The Domain Space verticals such as: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details