TITLE: Senior Ruby on Rails Developer - MVC/ RoR/ Django

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PromptCloud is looking for a Senior Ruby on Rails developer to take over various responsibilities in design and development of rails application. The role involves client side as well as server side expertise. Desired Skills and Experience What PromptCloud expects for this role:- - 3-5 years of experience working with Ruby on Rails (or Django) and MVC. - Hands on Experience with any frontend JavaScript frameworks and with nodejs is a must. - Must be proficient in HTML5, CSS3, JS, jQuery, AJAX, and other web technologies. - Experience working with Linux. - Comfortable with both backend and frontend development in MVC stack. - Should be willing to work independently and take end-to-end ownership with minimal guidance. - Mentoring skills, since it is SSE role. - Experience with Ansible/chef, app deployment and HA is desirable. Applicants having the following skills will be given preference:- - Knowledge of open source tools such as Firebug, Chrome developer tools. - Experience working with Twitter Bootstrap & Node.JS. - Work independently and end-to-end with minimal guidance. - Ability to write well-abstracted, reusable code for various components. - Excellent time-management, multi-tasking, communication and interpersonal skills. - Must have great design and good documentation skills. What to expect from PromptCloud- - Truckloads of learning. - Friendly environment and a culture for growth. - Collaboratively solving exciting challenges with smart minds around. - All things good or great at any small team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript JQuery Ajax Django MVC Firebug Ruby Open Source Twitter Linux Ruby on Rails Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: PromptCloud PromptCloud is a leading web data crawling & extraction company, serving customers across the globe with valuable data to suit their business needs. Based on the Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) model, PromptCloud uses cloud computing & machine-learning techniques to offer big data solutions to enterprises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details