TITLE: Placement Cordinator

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this GREETINGS FROM PRECELLENT CONVERGENCE !!! We are looking to hire a Placement Coordinator cum Client Relationship Executive. Candidate will be interacting with the clients and should be willing to travel. Candidate should have good communication skills Should be thorough with the Job Portals Experience- minimum 6months - 1year *Immediate Joining* *Salary best in the Industry* Interested candidates, please call at - 7899933061 or Walk in at Precellent Convergence India Pvt Ltd No.40,36th Main, Dollars Colony Silk Board, BTM 1st Stage Bangalore-560068. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Placement Coordination Client Relationship Communication Skills Client Servicing client interaction marketing skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Radar Technosoft (I) Pvt. Ltd Precellent Convergence India Private Limited Radar Technosoft is a global provider of talent acquisition and staff augmentation with the focus on helping our customers identify, hire and engage top talent. We help organizations accelerate a profitable growth through cost-effective staffing solutions. We have years of successful experience in managing and executing globally distributed complex staffing assignments for the multitude of customers. With over 100+ professionals across various locations, we offer strategic business and staffing solutions to our clients around the globe. Our relationship with our clients varies anywhere from one specialist in a form of staff augmentation to full-scale RPOs . We have the reach and the resources to connect our clients to the very best of IT talent globally. We rely on alternative and agile sourcing methodologies to help professionals that fit seamlessly with our client needs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details