TITLE: Market Risk Controller - 502

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Market Risk Controller Analyst (502) The Corporate Risk team provides a stringent governance and control framework and focuses on aggregate Firmwide exposures and risk mitigation. The Corporate Risk team supports the firms belief in a holistic approach to risk analysis by focusing on key Risk disciplines across the individuals businesses. Disciplines include: Credit Risk, Market Risk, Principal Risk, Operational Risk, Country Risk, Model Risk, Legal Risk, Fiduciary Risk and Reputation Risk. Within the broader Risk organization the Risk Controller team is responsible for ensuring the overall integrity and validity of Firmwide Risk data. Overall the team is responsible for the following functions: Align Firmwide Risk information with external disclosures to create an integrated view of Finance & Risk. Produce SEC and External Regulatory Reporting in compliance with evolving guidelines. Lead Risk through the annual Firmwide Resolution & Recovery planning process including Firmwide crisis simulation. Provide coordinated Business and Project Management support focused on strategic business objectives. Roles & Responsibilities: As a Market Risk Controller the ideal candidate will: Be encouraged to think creatively, challenge status quo, and work independently towards strategic solutions. Have the ability to dis large datasets, identify themes, and deliver concise messages to management. Identify opportunity areas and build partnerships across the firm within Risk Management, Regulatory Reporting, Finance, Middle Office and Technology. Support the global expansion of the Market Risk Controller team into India by providing world class data analytics. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills risk management operational risk project management market risk middle office analytical functions issue resolution simulation controller Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Skills: Bachelors degree in Business, Finance or Accounting with 4 years of relevant work experience Masters in Business Administration, CFA or other finance certifications preferred, but not required Strong team player who can work well and build partnerships with colleagues of various levels, across multiple locations Self- motivated and comfortable working with large amounts of data Ability to critically challenge with the goal of identifying control issues Excellent analytical and problem- solving skills with an acute attention to detail Advanced desktop/ spreadsheet/ database skills Ability to understand business drivers and requirements and influence partners to deliver solutions to business issues and problems Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to excel in a dynamic environment through efficient prioritization and consistent execution. Proven track record of strategic issue resolution. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details