TITLE: Solution Architect - Java/ J2EE

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Architect who is has expertise in creating scalable distributed architectures for rich, high-end, consumer facing applications with main focus on Java based server side technologies. He must understand Travel domain and ensure that company's technology objectives are aligned to its business goals. He must be able to see whether the application has been built with correct Service-oriented architecture (SOA), software quality and reusability. Detailed Role description : 1. Understand & create technical requirements of the application including NFR 2. Evaluate and anticipates impact of technical solutions on related projects, translates technical solutions based on client's needs and feasibility. 3. Evaluate vendor products and prepares recommendations. 4. Writes integrated technical architecture and solutions of multiple applications 5. Designs the system to meet the NFR requirements of the customer 6. Overseas development and design of core components, frameworks, POC 7. Responsible for the performance and usability of the system 8. Stays current with technology and determines the impact of hardware and/or software upgrades on new and existing applications. 9. Ensures high quality, adherence to standards and best practices, high performance, and scalable, repeatable processes and deliverables. 10. Understands interrelationships and impacts of systems and applications upon the technical environment. 11. Design and architecture documentation / presentations creation and review 12. Research and development to evaluate / compare emerging tools and software products 13. Fine tuning of existing architectures, tools and frameworks 14. To assist in creating standards and best practices for design and development of large and complex service oriented applications 15. Bring new design / technology ideas to the team Soft Skills : - Communication is a key skill; self-confidence is a must - Enterprise architects have to talk to both technical developers and managers - Need to be able to stand up in a meeting and tell the most senior person in the room unwelcome news, like an IT project won't make its deadline. EAs also needs to demonstrate they're on the cutting edge of enterprise software and SOA. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills J2Ee Java SOA Technical Architecture Design Development Enterprise Software Quality Adherence Solution Architect Architect Oracle Database SQL tuning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Experience :- Should have delivered at least two SOA Enterprise-level Projects in Oracle SOA Stack (Oracle Service Bus, Weblogic, Coherence) and Oracle Identity Management Suite- Experience with one or more Enterprise Architecture Frameworks such as Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework (FEAF), Zachman or TOGAF Frameworks.- Experience with UML. Knowledge of design patterns.- Experience with SOA implementations to address distributed service transaction requirements with support for standards such as WS-Security, WS-Policy etc.- Clear understanding of Web services approach including Web service protocols such as SOAP and REST.Required qualification and skills :- Engineering graduate with a total experience of 14+ years. Atleast 5+ years in an Architecture leadership role.- Extremely Hands On- Should understand Java enterprise technologies, aware of Open source products and frameworks- Expert in SOA and Enterprise Integration patterns- Understands and tradeoff technology frameworks and standards in XML, Web Services, ESB, BPM, Rules Engine, Web 2.0, Rich Client, AJAX, Portal, Content management, Reporting Engine, Database design, SOA, Messaging- In depth knowledge of Java, JEE, Design patterns, Architecture patterns. Strong knowledge of object oriented programming concepts & expert hands-on knowledge of Java6 or above- Strong knowledge of technologies including but not limited to Spring, Spring MVC, AOP, JPA, Hibernate etc.- Expert level knowledge in Oracle SOA and Fusion middleware stack- Strong skills in SQL and SQL tuning- Good knowledge of Oracle Database concepts- Good knowledge on integration mechanisms such as JMS, web services (SOAP based and REST services) etc.- Good knowledge on batch programming concepts- Hands-on skills in deployment & configuration of middleware products such as application / web servers, service bus, message servers- Hands-on skills in configuration, use & troubleshooting of popular IDEs, IDE plug-ins, build tools- Good knowledge of testing frameworks such as JUnit- Good knowledge of coding standards, source code organization, packaging- Good knowledge of standards such as XSD, JAX-RS etc- Good knowledge of current / emerging technologies and trends- Good analytical, grasping and problem solving skills- Ability to communicate effectively at all levels within the organization (written and verbal communication)- High levels of initiative and creativity Company Profile: TRH Consultancy Services Leading client of TRH Consultancy Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details