TITLE: MSBI Developer & Architect - Ssis/ssrs

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Database Design, Data Maintenance, Database Security, Database Management and Requirements Analysis using MS SQL Server. - Create and manage data marts and OLAP cubes in Microsoft SSAS, using Multidimensional and Tabular models. - Perform dimensional modeling, and define semantic layers and BI Metadata repositories to support reporting and analysis. - Utilize dimension intelligence, and create dimensions, measures, MDX functions, KPIs, Perspectives, Partitions, Roles, and Actions. - Implement dynamic security, and configure cube for use via Cognos, Excel and Power View reports. - Monitor and fine-tune SSAS server configuration, and use aggregation design wizard to optimize space and performance. - Must have proven experience with Hadoop, Mapreduce, Hive Pig scripting. - Create SSIS packages for ETL processing. - Assist with database optimization and basic database/SSIS administration. - Architect the system for efficiency, and implement best practices. - Participate in design sessions with other developers in the development team. - Analyze data and provide recommendations on new metrics and functionality. - Proficiency in design and architecting large scale distributed systems using. - Proficiency and experience in architecting database platform components. - Proficiency and experience in replication technologies. - Experience with virtualization (VMWare or Hyper-V). - Experience on Windows Azure or other PaaS offerings. Qualification - Knowledge / Skills / Abilities: - Very strong knowledge of Data-Warehousing concepts. - Very strong experience using SSAS in SQL Server 2008 or above. - Good experience with SSIS. - Knowledge of SSRS, Sharepoint, or Cognos is a huge plus. - Experience with Hadoop, Mapreduce, Hive Pig scripting. - Very good analytical and problem solving skills. - Proficient in data validation, interpreting and displaying data. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SSIS SSRS SSAS MDX MS SQL Server MSBI Pig Architecting OLAP Cube Hadoop Mapreduce Hive Pig scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: VidPro Consultancy Services Leading Client of VidPro Consultancy Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details