TITLE: Devops/ AWS Engineer - Puppet/ Chef/ Scripting

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation: DevOps/AWS Cloud Engineer Exp: 3 - 6 Years Location: Bangalore JOB SUMMARY Responsible for working with Digital Harbor System Engineers(SysOps) team to configure, deploy, automate AWS Cloud infrastructure with scalability, fail-over, and security. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES : - The AWS Cloud Administrator/Engineer will join a team of highly skilled professionals in configuration and deployment of our enterprise software into AWS Cloud. - The job requires you to be able to contribute as an engineer by configuring, deploying and troubleshooting complex software applications at the enterprise level. - We are looking for an engineer who is passionate about AWS Cloud technology, passionate about helping customers succeed, passionate about quality and truly enjoys what they do. - The qualified candidate for AWS Cloud Engineer position is someone who has a can-do attitude and is an innovative thinker. - You will also coordinate with development teams, architects, and QA Teams to validate configuration with industry standard best practices before they are placed into production. JOB REQUIREMENTS : - Solid experience with Cloud and virtualization based technologies Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Experience with automation tools (Puppet, Chef) and scripting (Python, Bash, etc.) - Working knowledge with a database system such as MS SQL, Mongo DB. - Experience with configuring databases to support various activities related to the system - Understand database backup and database restoration processes - Migrating experience with existing on-premises application to AWS. - Estimating AWS usage costs and identifying operational cost control mechanisms. - Working knowledge of web application architectures such as JBOSS or Tomcat - Experience with Java, XML, HTML, SSO, SSL, and LDAP is required - Document the environment details, Deployment Diagrams, and network topologies. - Communicate with internal stakeholders to clarify requirements and overcome obstacles to meet the organization goals. - Provide troubleshooting and root cause analysis for production issues. - Demonstrated success as SysOps Engineer/System Administrator in a rapidly changing environment. - A certificate in AWS SysOps Administration would be a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Tomcat XML JBoss HTML Web Services MS SQL Python Web Technologies Bash Desired Candidate Profile DESIRED SKILLS - 3-6 years of related systems engineering experience. - 2-4 years of cloud experience (AWS). - AWS Instance Creation (EC2), Configuration, and Maintenance. - Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) setup and maintenance. - Experience in AWS Security Groups, Routing Tables, Subnets, EBS, Cloud Front, S3, IAM Roles and Policies, Cloud Watch, SNS, SQS, Elastic Load Balancers, SSL Certs, and Auto Scaling Groups. - VPN management using OpenVPN. - Implement Customer Gateways and integrate with AWS cloud. - Disaster Recovery preparedness with multi-zone and/or multi-region options. - Automating AWS tasks using AWS tools, sdks, cloud formation scripts, command line tools. - Backup and Restore management RDS, Mongo DB, and Databases. - Infrastructure and Application monitoring across production and non-production platforms. - Experience with Microsoft Windows Servers and Linux Systems. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Digital Harbor Digital Harbor is a leading provider of complete suite of intelligence to the complex knowledge workers, agnostic of industry, enabling them to quickly and effectively respond to real-time data variations in business and to take informed decision using predictive analytics and seamless information aggregation from across sources. All this in a highly customizable and intuitive dashboard. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details