TITLE: LRI Business Services 5G Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMC has mobilized a global Liquidity Risk Infrastructure (LRI) program that is a firm-wide, 'mission critical' effort to enhance our liquidity risk management monitoring and reporting capabilities, which will include a redesign of the related supporting technology and infrastructure. The LRI program will implement a world class liquidity risk reporting system complying with recently mandated new Federal and Basel regulations. The program will include strategic data sourcing, data enrichment, analytical, monitoring, and reporting capabilities. Liquidity Risk Infrastructure (LRI) program is a multi-year infrastructure initiative to support the Firm's enhanced liquidity risk management processes addressing both the external and internal requirements. The program includes strategic data sourcing from transaction processing systems, data enrichment, analytical, monitoring, and reporting capabilities. The target platform must process 40-60 million transactions and positions daily, calculate risk presented by the current actual as well as model-based what-if state of the market, build multidimensional picture of corporate risk profile, and provide ability to analyze it in real time. The target LRI platform will utilize modern in-memory and non-relational data management principles, state-of-the-art methods of user interaction and must scale in horizontal and vertical directions. Individual filling the role will : &bull; Develop end to end applications and technical architecture of deliverables within the LRI Business Services 5G and GSIB program including integration with external modules/ components &bull; Perform end-to-end software development life cycle functions including Architecture, Design, Development, Application Industrialization, Performance Analysis & Tuning, Optimization, Testing and Product Maintenance. &bull; Design software components using appropriate design patterns to assist in developing a consistent well thought out system thats simple to build, maintain and interface with users and other system components. &bull; Ensure required level of functionality and performance based on business requirements, manage risk, improve reliability, ensure compliance with risk policy and audit requirements. &bull; Ensure quality of deliverables, set development standards in areas of code quality, test coverage, monitoring, logging, exception management. &bull; Collaborate and build relationships with other development teams, operate and operations partners, and business clients. &bull; Serve as a liaison between LRI Build teams, Product leads, LOB leads, LRO (Liquidity Risk Oversight), LM (Liquidity Management) and Global Treasury Operations. &bull; Assist in developing requirements, strategy, scope and priorities. &bull; Analyze and document business requirements and produce detailed functional specifications. &bull; Analyze and document process flows and develop target state processes. &bull; Provide technical and functional support throughout the project lifecycle, including gathering business requirements, developing functional specification documents, writing SIT and UAT test cases, and supporting all the testing phases. &bull; Partner with the development teams to facilitate the build effort (e.g. ensuring build teams understanding of the specifications). &bull; Develop use cases, and partner with the business to ensure sign-off on all requirements, testing and implementation &bull; Develop and mock-up user interfaces and reports &bull; Facilitate implementation of new functionality through training sessions, demonstrations, and the development of appropriate documentation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills j2ee sql oracle javascript xml html struts hibernate ajax jsp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5 7 years experience in architecture, design, development, and technical tasks management using the Java/ J2SE/ JEE & RDBMS technologies such as but not limited to Servlets, JSP, AJAX, Multithreading, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, jBPM, IBML, XML, Web Services REST, Caching (EHCache/ Infinispan), JavaScript, and Oracle 10g/ 11g. Experience in preparing build and deploy scripts using ANT and MAVEN. 5 7 years experience on Portal products and designing, developing, tuning and deploying distributed enterprise applications in an Apache, Tomcat, JRE, JSP, Struts and Spring environment 5 7 years experience in build out of Rich Internet Applications (RIA) with HTML/ JavaScript 5 years of SQL and query performance tuning skills for Oracle Experience in liquidity, credit, or market risk management and/ or capital markets platform development in financial industry is mandatory. Strong technical skills, dedication, innovation, drive for excellence. Widely recognized technical authority on J2EE technology stack Experience managing offshore/ onshore model and to mentor less experienced team members is required Strong technical tasks estimation, allocation and monitoring skills. Ability to lead, delegate, motivate, and support resources to achieve high delivery demands is required Must be a strong team player partnering within and outside the organization to establish and achieve the overall team objectives Strong communication skills both written and verbal Experience with financial products is preferred. Relevant product experience with including but not limited to; Securities Financing, Derivatives and Collateral Management a plus. Understanding of Liquidity Risk and or Credit/ Market Risk a plus. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details