TITLE: J2ee cum Selenium Tester

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase is a leading global financial services firm with assets of over $1.1 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in Investment Banking, Financial Services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. Under the JPMorgan and Chase brands, the firm serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the worlds most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. Asset Management J.P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and individual investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. Clear focus on managing client assets and delivering strong risk-adjusted returns More than 650 investment professionals providing over 200 different strategies spanning the full spectrum of asset classes, including equity, fixed income, cash liquidity, currency, real estate, hedge funds and private equity Leadership positions in America, U.K., Continental Europe, Asia, and Japan About the Role and project This is a Quality Assurance Analyst role within the Investment Management Ops Workflow & Guidelines Technology Team. As a QA/ TDD analyst, the candidate will be required to create Test Plan, Test Cases and also build and utilize TDD/ BDD skills. The role will involve working with business users located in New York City, as well as globally distributed technology teams. This role will also provide opportunity for individuals to do hands-on development work in addition to manual and automated testing Responsibilities- &bull; Participate in the Scrum team to write and execute test cases to test all components of n-tier applications. &bull; Participate in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed test plan &bull; Document the detailed test plan, test cases and ensure complete test coverage &bull; Learn/ Research TDD/ BDD approach and work with the team to implement the same &bull; Ensure quality and completeness of the product Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills java j2ee software development qtp sdlc workflow agile operations selenium scrum Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Essential: &bull; Minimum 5 years of QA testing experience in functional testing. Minimum 3 years experience on test automation using Selenium Should be familiar with web service testing SOAP / REST Good programming skill set in Java / Ruby (Should be hands on) Should be comfortable on any database platform Oracle / DB2 / SQL Should be excellent in designing test automation frameworks Should be flexible to learn new technology / domain &bull; Minimum 5 years of strong software development and testing experience including experience testing in Pega PRPC 6.2 or higher platform environment &bull; Manual Functional Testing and Test Automation Lead experience is a must &bull; Experience with Relational databases and concepts Oracle SQL, PL/ SQL etc. &bull; Highly organized; Ability to work with minimal supervision &bull; Ability to communicate appropriately to both business and technology &bull; Ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously &bull; Experience in JIRA, QTP, Selenium etc Desirable (but not essential): &bull; Equity/ Fixed Income Product Knowledge &bull; Experience in Cucumber or spec flow, Gherkin &bull; Experience with process methodology, frameworks (TOGAF), development methodologies (Agile, SDLC, and Iterative). &bull; Experience in TDD/ BDD software development processes is a must &bull; Experience in Asset Management/ Investment Management business functions Person Specification: &bull; Demonstrate Continual Improvement in terms of Individual Performance &bull; Strong communication skills in English &bull; Bright and enthusiastic, self starter &bull; Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills &bull; Excellent interpersonal, organizational and time management skills &bull; Demonstrated teamwork and ability to work with diversified multi-location teams Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details