TITLE: Strategy and New Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: 1. Strategic Planning and Business Management: Work with business teams to develop annual business plans Develop and articulate Reveries strategy Plan implementation and help review execution of business plans Handle new capability projects in sales, delivery and marketing Analyze and report on business performance and related CEO and Reverie leadership briefings 2. New Business Development: Identify, evaluate and develop new business opportunities in new geographies and market segments, channels, partnerships and alliances, etc. 3. Research at Reverie Handle research into new markets Develop and support Reveries publication-oriented localization sector research capability 4. Other Areas Engaging with internal and external stakeholders including investors Support subsequent fund raising rounds Support with corporate marketing and communication Assist the CEO in all other matters to manage Reveries business effectively. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Corporate Marketing New Business Development Alliances Strategic Planning Marketing Communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required Skillsets:Strategicthinker - Gets the big picture Analytical - proficient in working with and interpreting data and yet creative in generating insights and ideas Collaborative and Impactful: Should be able to engage as a trusted partner across levels and achieve outcomes through influence Disciplined at execution: A proven ability in successfully managing multiple business projects Comfort with operations: complements strategicthinking with ability to roll ones sleeves up and get into detail and operations when needed Strong written and verbal communication Self-starter and comfortable with the unknown Learner and risk taker: Diverse reading interests and a keenness for learning new ideas/skills across professional and personal domains. Company Profile: Reverie Language Technologies - Startup Reverie builds technologies that are bridging the language divide in the digital world. Content from apps and portals can be delivered in multiple languages in real-time through Reverie's Language-as-a-Service (LaaS) cloud platform. The LaaS platform provides localization services such as local-language translation, transliteration, input, and search through a set of APIs. It is a plug-and- play concept, which can be integrated into the business infrastructure. It enables people to consume digital content in their preferred language. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details