TITLE: Applications Developer - Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. About RFT RFT (Finance, Liquidity Risk & Capital Technology) builds and supports the firms financial infrastructure to ensure Finance professionals have access to the tools and information necessary to drive success. In partnership with Global Finance Operations and others, we deliver solutions that meet the requirements of our key clients - the JPMorgan Chase CFO and Corporate Finance Organizations, as well as all line of business CFO teams and Corporate Treasury. The RFT AD team manages design and build activities for all projects impacting or connected to RFT UK Regulatory Projects. The Role Objectives: RFT AD Team member would support the RFT AD Manager for a UK regulatory change programme: You will be part of the RFT technical team that designs and builds the future state solution for Regulatory reporting in the UK and EMEA. This role will be part of the design team in London initially working on the deployment and enhancements of a new application platform (AXIOM) which will be replacing an existing application (Bespoke Oracle/ Sybase) for FSA & Bank of England regulatory reporting. You will be working with members of the UK Regulatory AD team, the project Solution Architect and Infrastructure teams. The programme is multi-year with phased implementations to ensure benefits can be delivered to the business as soon as possible and will involve detailed and complex requirements gathering, data analysis, systems design, build and implementation, and testing The programme will require management of inputs across multiple lines of business, source systems, data owners and product types The programme is operating in a change environment: multiple upstream infrastructure programmes are working to deliver improved data and data warehousing for the firm Workstreams are being set-up with a view to delivering a series of self-contained phases within the overall programme Key Responsibilities: Work with the global design team to the specify solution based on the business requirements and functional specifications You will be responsible for specific aspects of the design, implementation and specification of, and changes to the new platform You will work with Business Analysts to review business requirements and functional specifications Write and maintain technical specifications according to functional specifications Oversee the build activity for the design Working closely with the business and technical groups to understand and resolve project issues Provide guidance and leadership to other planning and build resources In your capacity, you will get involved in planning, coordinating and overseeing activities related to integration of vendors software application into the organisation's infrastructure Responsible for ensuring that the technical architecture is followed and that services necessary to meet the changing needs of the organisation are implemented and maintained Work closely with the architecture team to ensure adherence to the technology architecture rules Support the production and other non-production env's ensuring stability and correct versions are deployed and maintained Support the Production tech ops team with any environment or other critical application issues You will undertake peer reviews, and have your work reviewed by other members of the AD Team. You will be involved in technical interviews and recruitment of full-time and contract staff. Work with the design team to develop standards and guidelines for data architectures, data models, tools and databases, including organization, structure and nomenclature of data elements. Design and implementation of required Metadata processes, tools and frameworks. On-going warehouse maintenance ' analyze and assess the impact of production system changes to existing analytics and implement changes to the warehouse components to ensure consistent and accurate reporting. Assist in business operations support ' troubleshoot database related and operational issues. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java sql javascript informatica apache shell scripting jboss tomcat jdbc sybase Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications: University degree level, and/ or related work experience At Least 8 years of combined business, project and IT experience Essential Skills: Strong understanding of the data attributes associated with Investment banking products and trading environments Proven ability to evaluate technologies and make recommendations on technical solutions to best solve business problems Axiom Knowledge Knowledge Java development experience: Java EE, JavaScript, Spring, JDBC Knowledge with Web Architecture: Tomcat/ JBoss, Apache Unix OS and shell scripting skills SQL and Oracle/ RDBMS experience ETL knowledge Subversion or clear case experience Good problem solving skills Familiar with the full systems development lifecycle process Awareness and understanding of current industry developments Desirable Skills: ELT experience: Ab Initio, Informatica, etc Messaging experience: Mule, JMS, IBM MQ. Any exchange traded or Investment Banking knowledge RegulatoryCompliance knowledge XML related: XML Schema, Xpath, XQuery, XSLT Professional Skills: Written and verbal communication - Advanced Coordination Skills- Advanced Facilitation Skills face to face and virtual - Advanced Firm/ Business Knowledge - Proficient Flexibility - Advanced Interpersonal Skills - Advanced Relationship Management / Partnership - Proficient Problem Management - Advanced Teamwork - Advanced Management and Leadership Processes & Skills Collaborate with peers and share ideas synergistically Must have good interpersonal, relationship and negotiating skills. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details