TITLE: Head QA & RA

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ?RESPONSIBILITIES: To follow all the Laid down procedures at company for Safety. Shall be responsible to ensure that all the functions & process followed in India comply with the Regulatory needs as needed for the Products. Preparing, Compiling & Reviewing of DMF & Maintaining all documents as per Regulatory needs for current & upcoming Designs. Reviewing of all Internal & External Protocols, SOPs & STPs for compliance before mastering. Ensuring all Validation process for Product, Process, manufacturing & Test Equipment & Supporting Calibrations. Maintain Quality Management System as per ISO 9001, 13485, 14971. Ensure training of Employees with respect to GMP & Regulatory norms. Supporting Marketing and Sales team with respect to Regulatory needs. Supporting Consumer complaints according to Regulatory norms. Conducting Internal Audits. Will be involved in all New Projects To test, check & approve the products quality before delivery to customer for further production, else give proper report for further correction to be carried out to achieve the required quality product. Ensure a complete traceability of the products in compliance with pharmacopoeia standards. To check all records & reports & evaluate the product quality by measuring the deviations, if any. To collect and analyze customer complaints and work on them so as to ensure zero defect product, and meet customer satisfaction. Analyze the quality of production. Make program to improve the quality. Enforce cGMP and good housekeeping. Approve the incoming material required for primary production, like Raw Material, primary packing material and secondary packing material. Recruit, Manage and develop the Quality team. Work on Quality training modules for shop floor employees. Work closely with Production Managers. To ensure the compliance of our manufacturing operations with pharmacopeia standards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Assurance/Quality Control Keyskills QA QC Production manufacturing operations Quality Management System Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required skills?QA QC Quality Regulatoryqualification?15 yrs and above with HOD position of quality department with overall QA & QC experience Company Profile: Randstad India Limited Randstad India Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details