TITLE: Director - Sales (internal Opening)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Purpose: To develop and execute Go To Market sales strategies to support business objectives. Consolidate business development activities across country to align with the Go To Market goal of perm business nationally.Create a n impact on market penetration in Key markets and in identified verticals increasing Kellys Market share in chosen specializations. Expand Kellys business relationships with aggressive networking, ensuring positive contributions to customer satisfaction. Provide guidance, support, direction to Perm operations and Branch Business Development team in order to develop and build a profitable business. Must Haves : Self-confidence with professional and effective inter-personal skills Ability to interface with Senior Management, lead and collaborate with others Proven ability to be creative, generate ideas, think strategically and manage complex & multiple activities to achieve the sales strategy Skilled Go getter, Capable of Operating in Independent work Environment with ownership & accountability Extensive Travel will be part of this profile Proven ability build relationship and network with clients. Tactical strength to identify potential clients and build these into key accounts. To be able to value-add to our clients needs and provides total staffing solutions to them. Job Accountability : Work with Branch Managers and Sales team in meeting with key/potential customers to sell Kelly services and negotiate profitable contracts. In doing so, make/participate in presentations, analysing pricing requirements and developing sales strategy. Being in the market to gather information on industry, competition, green fields and brown fields and disseminate the information to the Branch and the Sales team and leading conclusive measures to convert these business opportunities in Kellys favor Consolidate results of sales staff and follow up on defined business profitability ratios. Develop, communicate and implement pricing policy to all sales staff. Develop a profitable business relationship with potential key accounts. Analyse market conditions and business objectives and develop sales strategy in order to meet or exceed objectives. Provide input and recommendation for the countrys business plan based on knowledge and analysis. Ensure all material that is sent to external customers is in accordance with Kelly Services standards and international guidelines. Set and maintain high standards of professionalism in all aspects. Involvement in the recruitment and proposal of candidates for BDM roles to Branches as necessary. Work with Branch Managers and Training Manager to identify training needs. Identify formal training programmes or train sales staff directly in order for staff to meet or exceed objectives in their designated territory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Sales Strategy Market Penetration Business Development Key Accounts Consolidation Solutions Customer Satisfaction Senior Management Interpersonal Skills Corporate Sales Director - Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd. Internal Role Kelly Services is a Fortune 500 company delivering staffing solutions across more than 37 countries and territories that include temporary, full time placement, outsourcing and consulting. Kelly Services India started its operations in India on the 20th of September 2001 & from a modest start, increased its presence in India and currently operates from 6 strategic locations across the country. Kelly has focused on building workforce solutions in specialised industry verticals like ITES, Banking, IT, Engineering and Science. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details