TITLE: User Experience Design Manager - Wireframe

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Lead the user experience function end-to-end. - Define and champion user experience vision and design across multiple products in the organization, with the customers and partners. - Manage and oversee the User Experience and User Interfaces for each project and obtain signoff from stakeholders. - Help define user experience for the portfolio and the execution of strategic user research and define product strategy. - Enhance UCD strategies to ensure that all actions are driven by customers- needs, and that results can be measured. - Manage internal and external resources such as contractors and agencies. - Architect websites and applications for desktop and mobile platforms. Develop and drive execution of a cohesive user-experience strategy across all digital properties. - Expert level understanding of information architecture, interaction design, user experience, and content strategy. - Own and manage all the deliverables and work products created by the UX/UI Agency - Continue to make improvements to the user interfaces to deliver frictionless customer experiences. Should prepare and make professional formal presentations/reviews in areas of specialization to internal customers - Leverage existing research to generate insights and present to the product and design teams. Present research findings to diverse audiences using both written reports and in-person meetings Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Interaction Design User Research Information Architecture User Experience Design Product Design Design Management UX Content Strategy Product Strategy Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required - Minimum aggregate of 62% in the qualifying exam- BA/BS degree or equivalent in Human Computer Interaction, Human Factors or related fieldEXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT :- 5+ years experience in interactive design, preferably in an agency setting.Strong understanding of effective web design strategies.TECHNICAL SKILLS PREFERRED :- Superior oral and written communication and presentation skills.- Experience with collaborative thinking and decision-making, preferably with Agile or related development methodology.- Knowledge of SDLC methodologies and best practices- Ability to show applied knowledge of usability, user-centered design, and content strategy - UX documents must include site maps, flows, and wireframes.- Strong capacity for both logical and creative thinking. Should show attention to detail in every aspect.BEHAVIOURAL SKILLS PREFERRED :- Interdisciplinary, open-minded approach to problem-solving.. Company Profile: Premium Samaksh Consulting Leading client of Samaksh Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details