TITLE: SAP Security Consultant - GRC Module

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: - Maintaining and troubleshooting SAP Authorizations for our current SAP system landscape (GRC, ERP, SRM, SCM, XI/PI, Solution Manager, SAP Portal, MII, ME, BI,MDM, Business Objects, EP) - Development of training material, configuration and process documentations and organization of training courses - Work as part of a project team to coordinate development and determine project scope and limitations - Working with Internal and External Audit to make sure Audit requirements are met and there are no gaps - Understanding of SOX Audit requirements - Improvement and maintenance of systems to include rollout and upgrades. - Review project requests describing user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish project. - Work as member of a project team to coordinate development and determine project scope and limitations. - Conduct detailed analysis sessions with end users and business SMEs. - Troubleshoots functional issues. Basic Qualifications: - SAP Security knowledge in the applications GRC, ECC, Solution Manager, EP, MDM, SRM, BI and ECC - Working Knowledge of: - SAP GRC 10 and above(ARA, EAM, UAM, ARM, BRM) - Identity / Security management in an SAP environment - SAP Security Concepts - 6-8 years professional work experience in technology industry - Bachelor Degree or equivalent in Computers, Information Technology, or related field - Demonstrated 4+ years of relevant experience with increasing responsibilities within a global, multicultural, multi-location organization. - Good understanding of ASAP methodology. - Experience in handling Vendor teams. - Excellent analytical, organizational and problem solving skills, including the proven ability to adapt to a dynamic project environment and manage multiple projects. - A global perspective with the ability to understand and work effectively in a culturally diverse organization. - Proven ability to manage key stakeholder interests, simultaneously managing conflicting priorities and business interests. - Excellent communication skills, strong interpersonal and relationship management skills with excellent conflict resolution and negotiation skills. - Demonstrated experience managing customer-facing, strategic projects as well as Application Development projects. - Experience with outsourcing, contracts, and in managing virtual teams. Preferred Qualifications & Desired Competencies: - Ability to influence and drive change. - Possess advanced skills in cross-cultural awareness, communication, problem solving, negotiation, and conflict resolution. - Experience in building the processes, metrics, controls, governance, and organization necessary to deliver mission critical projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills SAP Security SAP GRC Bi Solution Management Security Management Project Development Application Development Business Objects SAP ARA EAM UAM ARM BRM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Career Define Leading client of Career Define Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details