TITLE: Mainframe Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mainframe

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate should have 3 5 years of Experience on Mainframe Skills COBOL, DB2, JCL, VSAM, Endeavour, Control M. Candidate should have both Support and Development experience Candidates should be flexible to work in shifts including the 24*7 support Candidate should have the strong communication skills Work location is Bangalore Knowledge in IMS will be an advantage Qualifications Education and Experience Required: Typically a technical Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience and a minimum of 2 years of related experience or a Master's degree and up to two years of experience. Knowledge and Skills: 2 or more years experience writing code using languages such as (and not limited to) COBOL, PL/1, Java, C, C++, C#, VB.Net. Basic Understanding of RDBMS databases such SQL Server and Oracle. Basic understanding of modern software design and development methodologies (e.g., OO). Basic understanding of modern SCM (software configuration management). Basic understanding of testing tools and unit test scripting, and testing Methodologies. Experience using (or an understanding of the use of) an Integrated Development Environment (e.g., Eclipse, Visual Studio). Understanding of basic Database Administration. Understanding of quality and security standards. Good verbal and written communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mainframe Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JCL Db2 VSAM Cobol C PL1 PL SQL Server IMS Visual Studio Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details