TITLE: Investment Analyst - Premier Institute

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ?As a member of the core team, the Analyst will be exposed to all facets of the startup ecosystem in India including the initial screening of startups that will be shortlisted and thereafter finalized for the Accelerator program. The Analyst will need to track sectors of interest to the Accelerator, analyse trends and identify opportunities that are of interest to the company. The Analyst will help with detailed due diligence (financial, industry, promoter, etc.), negotiations and monitoring of portfolio companies. The position is designed for someone with 2-3 years in the venture capital, investment banking or management consulting experience post an MBA and an Engineering Degree from a premier Engineering college. Having an entrepreneurial mindset /streak/ experience is a must. The position provides an exceptional opportunity for individuals interested in gaining experience in the startup ecosystem as also in venture capital investing. The Analyst will: Participate in and support entire acceleration and investment process (opportunity identification, due diligence, valuation, documentation and monitoring and working hands on with the companys to help it achieve its goals. Conduct initial company screening based on the accelerators specific recruitment criteria Gather and synthesize industry/market data Build detailed company financial models Participate in due diligence calls with management and advisers Update and maintain proprietary firm databases Assist in the preparation of preliminary and final investment memorandums for internal meetings and investor presentations for meetings with sponsor Pre Investment to Post investment till exit, the role will entail a very hands on approach to helping companies scale in India and globally. Put in place processes and system Manage the compliance and governance needs of the company This is a unique role straddling Acceleration & Investing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes Role:Investment/Treasury Manager Keyskills Finance Venture Capital Valuation Investment Analysis Financial Modelling Investment Banking Management Consulting Due Diligence Investment Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Computers, B.A - Economics, B.B.A - Management, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, M.Tech - Electrical, Computers, M.A - Economics Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required skills?Investment analystqualification? Undergraduate and Post graduate from a top tier Indian B-School or Ivy League Universities. BE/MS in Electrical and Computer Science/ Finance/ Economics is a plus. Previous experience with a top tier venture capital fund, strategy consulting firm, investment bank and/or technology company (e.g. Google, Microsoft etc) will be an advantage Strong financial modeling and industry research skills An outperformer academically (top 5%), professionally and/or in extracurricular activities. Impeccable integrity, work ethic and commitment Organized, detail-oriented personality with the ability to multi-task in an entrepreneurial environment A self-starter, ambitious with a proven record of taking proactive initiatives to create opportunities Genuine interest in early to late stage technology investing in IoT, Nano technology, Security, Big Data, Clean tech & Renewables, Previous technology related internships and/or entrepreneurial experience a plus. Company Profile: Randstad India Limited Randstad India Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details