TITLE: QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Team The Quality Assurance team is responsible for the end-to-end verification and qualification of Akamais services. About the Job As a Q/A Engineer located out of our Bangalore, you will be working with teams responsible for the system-wide validation and verification of our Media Content Delivery Service offerings which provide enterprises a robust and scalable e-business infrastructure to cost-effectively serve their global customer base. The job of QA Engineer includes developing system level test plans, creating and enhancing automated system tests written in Perl executing automated and manual tests to ensure release quality, analyzing problems and getting to the root cause, and assisting other QA Engineers on a release-by-release basis in testing new features and functionality. This individual will work on challenging software automation and verification with a mission to release high quality application/system software that is highly resilient and optimally performing on very large distributed networks. * Perform manual and automated functional tests as well as large-scale system tests * Work closely with developers and QA Engineers to design test criteria, test strategy, develop test plans and automation * Develop automated tests to replicate real-world scenarios that plug into a regression test harness * Review bug descriptions, functional requirements, and design documents * Work in parallel on more than one QA project at a time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills QA Quality Assurance Engineering Quality Analysis Regression Testing Test Strategy Root Cause System Software Test Engineering HTTP DNS TCP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience* Good understanding of Server side QA/Test Engineering* Good Understanding of Perl scripts and test automation* Good understanding of contemporary QA/test principles, methodologies, and techniques related to black/white box testing and test automation needed* Good knowledge and work experience of UNIX/Linux* Good knowledge of HTTP, DNS, TCP/IP required* Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and excellent problem solving/troubleshooting skills* Excellent verbal and written communications skills* Highly driven, positive attitude, team player, self-learning, self-motivating and flexibility are some of the attributes needed for this position Company Profile: Akamai Technologies Akamai is the leading global service provider for accelerating content and business processes online. Akamai has transformed the Internet from a chaotic network into a predictable, scalable, and secure business platform. Akamai routinely handles 15% of total Internet traffic. The company has created the world's largest and most widely used on-demand distributed computing platform, with more than 14,000 servers in 1,100 networks in 65+ countries. 1,726 organizations have formed trusted relationships with Akamai, improving revenue and reducing costs by maximizing the performance of their online businesses. Akamai's customers include 6 of the top 10 companies from the DJIA, 6 of the top 10 agencies on the Keynote Government 40 index, and many Fortune 500 companies. In India, Akamai's customers include Rediff.com, Sify.com, NDTV, FabMall, Indiatimes, amongst others. The company's strong partner ecosystem includes IBM and EDS, as well as Web-hosting companies, systems integrators, Web developers, software and hardware vendors, and network providers. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Akamai's industry-leading services, matched with world-class customer care, are used by hundreds of today's most successful enterprises and government agencies around the globe. In India, Akamai's office is located in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details