TITLE: Project Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Join a dynamic team thats using Agile to develop the next generation of mobile patient monitors & cloud-based networks. You will be working on a state of the art platform that provides clinical intelligence at the point of need for caregivers. Were developing a first of its kind hospital wide solution. Be part of a team thats redefining the patient monitoring portfolio: mobile, cable less, cloud enabled. Join the Digital Industrial transformation at GE Healthcare Essential Responsibilities Facilitate daily scrum, sprint planning, retrospective and sprint demos Assist the product owner with keeping the backlog groomed Collaborative problem solver able to facilitate conversations between multiple teams. Maintain and communicate relevant metrics (velocity, burn-up / burn-down charts, leave plans, etc) that help the team see how they are doing Drive continuous improvement of team - both technically and process-wise - by participating in different sessions lean workouts, retrospectives, futurespectives, etc. Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/ Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques Experience coordinating with Program Leadership team, bring out risks upfront and communicate and Project SW metrics as per the program needs. Expertise in use of tools such as Rally for driving Scrum practices Implement Scrum principles to improve team performance Provide status updates to the team and participate actively in story demos to the business users. Proactively raise risks to story completion. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Agile Testing Healthcare Hospital Project Leading Continuous Improvement OOAD J2EE Agile methodologies Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Bio medical engineering or related computer degree 8+ years of progressive experience designing and developing applications using Java technologies in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) & using Agile methodologies Experience in working with global teams using agile practices Experience in healthcare related standards, data exchange protocols, Clinical workflows. Demonstrated proficiency in Core & Advanced java Experience in software lifecycle, product development. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Energetic, Self-starter, Passionate, committed team player. Exposure to global quality & regulatory standards. Problem solving skills to assess design alternatives and perform tradeoffs to determine designs or functionality that best meet needs.Desired Characteristics Experience in a regulated environment OOAD and Design patterns (Core and J2EE) Demonstrated ability to work effectively within and across various teams Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Computers, Biomedical PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details