TITLE: Solutions Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job Solution Architects own the technical implementation from project commencement to customer sign-off. They may also be involved early in the pre-sales cycle to help craft and scope the solution. They must possess a good understanding of development methodologies, consulting best practices, and common web and application architectures. This position requires excellent client, development and technical skills, expertise with various web publishing environments and architectures, and documentation experience. Successful candidates must be action oriented, capable of independently solving complex technical problems and able to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical and business audiences. About the Team The Professional Services team works with Akamai's customers to design and implement solutions that maximize return on investment, reduce risk, and optimize their online initiatives. The team employs some of the foremost Internet experts to solve complex infrastructure, content delivery, and application performance challenges, always with a mind to our customer's business strategy. We've implemented solutions for over 2,000 customers in the private and public sectors. Shift Timing : 6:00PM -3:00AM * Work independently to evaluate a customers web architecture and deliver the appropriate integration solution. This includes, but is not limited to, evaluating the customers' content management and publishing processes, web application architecture, security requirements, DNS configurations, and provide detailed documentation for a custom solution that satisfies the customers' business and technical requirements. * Propose technically feasible solutions and work closely with customers and pre-sales teams to implement customer projects and trials. Establish success criteria and act as the single point of contact for the customer for all technical issues and technical deliverables. * Work closely with Account Management, Sales professionals, engineering, product development and Customer Care to resolve technical issues that arise during customer trials or integrations. * Identify new product features and additional sales opportunities during trials and integrations and communication of the same to product development and sales teams. * Track and document status and time spent on customer integrations. * Participate in internal projects that help scale the group, implement best practices, and improving our methodology and quality of integrations. * Deliver certification training on Akamai products and services to internal Akamai employees, to Akamai customers, and to Akamai consulting partners. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Solutions Architect J2EE .NET debugging Perl PHP Shell Scripting UNIX web Applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or relevant engineering field.* Web application development experience, proficient in one or more web development languages, methodologies, and / or architectures. Development experience in J2EE, and/ or Adobe Flash/ Flex environment is a plus.* Should worked on web Applications* Proven analytical abilities and a strong work ethic.* Detailed knowledge across the spectrum of Internet technologies (DNS, TCP/IP internetworking, etc.)* Good problem solver, ability to trouble shoot in a distributed application environment.* Excellent business writing and communication skillsDesired Qaulification*2+ years of IT solution delivery experience within a consulting organization in progressively responsible positions, including experience as a project technical team lead or as a project architect.*Experience implementing enterprise scale J2EE or .NET projects with direct client exposure*Experience with UNIX and one or more web development languages, methodologies, and/or architectures HTTP, DNS, Perl, PHP, Shell Scripting, J2EE, .NET, C#, JSP, ASP, Tomcat, Apache*Experience with TCP/IP network debugging with tcpdump or similar*General exposure to security technologies, processes, and concepts such as PKI, SSL, firewalls, NIST 800-53, FIPS-140-2, Authentication & Authorization, Client Certificates, OCSP, etc. a plus*Experience delivering streaming technologies (Windows Media, Macromedia Flash, Real/Helix, Apple QuickTime) in the enterprise or B2C, including encoding, server technologies, client and server playlists/metafiles, custom media player creation, DRM a plus*Experience with data processing, Real Time Reporting and Analytics a plus*Working knowledge of the full software development life.*General exposure and know-how of HTTP and DNS as protocols Company Profile: Akamai Technologies Akamai is the leading global service provider for accelerating content and business processes online. Akamai has transformed the Internet from a chaotic network into a predictable, scalable, and secure business platform. Akamai routinely handles 15% of total Internet traffic. The company has created the world's largest and most widely used on-demand distributed computing platform, with more than 14,000 servers in 1,100 networks in 65+ countries. 1,726 organizations have formed trusted relationships with Akamai, improving revenue and reducing costs by maximizing the performance of their online businesses. Akamai's customers include 6 of the top 10 companies from the DJIA, 6 of the top 10 agencies on the Keynote Government 40 index, and many Fortune 500 companies. In India, Akamai's customers include Rediff.com, Sify.com, NDTV, FabMall, Indiatimes, amongst others. The company's strong partner ecosystem includes IBM and EDS, as well as Web-hosting companies, systems integrators, Web developers, software and hardware vendors, and network providers. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Akamai's industry-leading services, matched with world-class customer care, are used by hundreds of today's most successful enterprises and government agencies around the globe. In India, Akamai's office is located in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details