TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job As Software Engineer of Akamais GSS Service Delivery Custom Solution Team (CST), you will get to work on providing Analytical and Web application based solutions for internal as well as external customers that uses different Akamai products and suites. You will be responsible for the development of server-side and client-side data intensive applications. This will include development and ownership of modules and/or applications and involve working closely with local and international based team members. About the Team The Custom Solutions Team is the in-house engineering team of Global Service and Support group mandated with building intelligent solutions for internal and external customer to help with automation, process efficiency and data intelligence. The team has a direct impact on Akamai's day-to-day business efficiency and the quality of service received by its customers. The teams work encompasses the full engineering cycle: derive requirements, define features, design and develop the implementation, verify for correctness, analyze usage patterns, scale and extend systems as Akamai grows its business. Responsibilities Independently develops and implements features for data intensive web applications and is accountable for such deliverables. Delivers code that meets CST specifications, creating little to no operational support overhead and requires minimal support during development from lead engineers. Creates self-documenting designs and/or clearly communicates intent via comments in code, on specifications, in as-built documentation and during code reviews. Writes unit and integration tests for each deliverable, effectively and comprehensively exercising the code; prevents the introduction of subsequent bugs, and corrects existing bugs or design issues when discovered. Work individually and as part of a team in India/US, communicating daily updates to lead and/or manager via written status and issue-tracking system updates Be self driven and passionate about developing best optimized solution and always eager to learn emerging web technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer Algorithms NoSql DB web applications Web Services agile Git Jira PyUnit Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Bachelors degree or Masters Degree with at least 2 years experience in web development. Strong CS fundamentals and good in DS/Algorithms 2+ years of experience with Core Python and MVC frameworks like Django, Flask or Web2Py. 2+ years of experience with relational databases like Oracle, MySQL Experience of celery, redis, memcached, rabbitmq etc Experience with the tools & framework used in the SDLC (e.g. Git, Jira, PyUnit etc). Proven ability to work in a fast paced, agile and in an ownership and results oriented culture Possess strong passion for learning new/emerging technologies and has a very high technical problem solving acumenDesired Qualifications Experience with NoSql DB like ES, mongodb, Cassandra will be a plus Knowledge of cloud computing infrastructure (e.g. Amazon Web Services EC2, Elastic MapReduce, Google Cloud) Exposure into building HA, scalable, distributed web applications. Company Profile: Akamai Technologies Akamai is the leading global service provider for accelerating content and business processes online. Akamai has transformed the Internet from a chaotic network into a predictable, scalable, and secure business platform. Akamai routinely handles 15% of total Internet traffic. The company has created the world's largest and most widely used on-demand distributed computing platform, with more than 14,000 servers in 1,100 networks in 65+ countries. 1,726 organizations have formed trusted relationships with Akamai, improving revenue and reducing costs by maximizing the performance of their online businesses. Akamai's customers include 6 of the top 10 companies from the DJIA, 6 of the top 10 agencies on the Keynote Government 40 index, and many Fortune 500 companies. In India, Akamai's customers include Rediff.com, Sify.com, NDTV, FabMall, Indiatimes, amongst others. The company's strong partner ecosystem includes IBM and EDS, as well as Web-hosting companies, systems integrators, Web developers, software and hardware vendors, and network providers. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Akamai's industry-leading services, matched with world-class customer care, are used by hundreds of today's most successful enterprises and government agencies around the globe. In India, Akamai's office is located in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details