TITLE: Security Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â - Engages with the client, identifies cyber security needs/requirements, engages with SMEs and bid team to work on cyber security proposal and collect HL designs, pricing and validate security solution to be proposed. - Works with engineers and SMEs in the development of the technical solution or offering, in translating the business needs into technical requirements, and is a key contributor in the value proposition. - Supports Bid & Proposal solution development including technical design and development of complex proposals for Cyber Security solutions (managed services, System Integration and Consulting). - Expertise in full lifecycleÂ from consultancy, to architectural definition, to solution implementationÂ our Security roles are diverse which presents great opportunities and challenges. - Creating high quality documentation such as Presentations, proposal responses, Architecture /designs etc. - Evaluates and recommends future technologies and methodologies that will enhance our cyber security services and offerings. Job Requirements 8+ years of relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Full lifecycle project experience as Security Consultant including design and implementation of Data center security , Cloud security solutions like Firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPN, NAC, Web/Email Content Filtering, DLP, SIEM, End point security. Full lifecycle proposal /bid experience covering the Network security technologies both on premise data center and cloud solutions. Familiarity with industry compliance and security standards including PCI DSS, ISO 27001, HIPAA, and NIST experience advising customers on architectures meeting industry standards such as SAS70, SOC1, FISMA, etc Preferred Certifications:Â Product certifications like CCIE, CCSE etc. and domain certifications like CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills Cism Cissp Network Security ISO 27001 PCI DSS SAS 70 Data Center Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ERM Placement Services (P) Ltd. A large IT MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details