TITLE: Manager - Digital Marketing - BFSI

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation: Manager - Digital Marketing Location - Bengaluru Role Scope : - Manage company's online presence in order to engage with prospects and existing customers. - Drive and manage all digital campaigns aimed at lead generation - Develop & Manage the Corporate Website by leveraging new technologies and by optimizing the website to all web browsers, key search engines like Google and Yahoo. - Use internet and mobile to enable the following key areas: a. Engagement with customers b. Engagement with employees c. Engagement with sales and distribution partners - Support revenue enhancement by using innovative digital technologies & Analytic Tools - Leverage the Social Media opportunity in order to engage with customers, distribution partners and employees. - Develop and maintain relationships with Digital marketing agencies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Digital Marketing Sales Lead Generation Distribution Campaigns Revenue Enhancement Social Media Web Technologies Digital Marketing Manager Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Candidate Profile :- MBA in Marketing with minimum 3 years of experience in Digital. The person must have managed eCommerce in his / her last role. Preferably in BFSI, Internet / eCommerce, Online and Offline Retail, Telecom, Digital Marketing Agencies helping clients in the above listed categories- Well versed with the web domain, platforms, products and services- Adequate exposure to Search and Display platforms- Strong Functional domain knowledge- Up to date with new paradigms of online marketing and competition/ best practices. Company Profile: Edventus We are a boutique human capital enhancement firm specializing in senior and mid management level executive search Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details