TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a DevOps Engineer, you will be: Building production environments and maintaining the existing infrastructure that powers Reveries Language-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform. Rolling deployments on our QA, dev & production environments on a daily basis. Architecting complete software stacks/clusters and ensuring that the Cloud resources remain free from bottlenecks, avoidable latencies and unnecessary network hops. Troubleshooting and fixing issues across the stack: An API from a micro service fails to load in Chrome- Adding a CORS header to the response fixes the problem. The v2 of our LaaS API which is to be released next week causes nginx to SIGSEGV and die on occasions- turns out an if() statement was put under location context in nginx config., removing it solves the problem. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills V2 AWS Lua Ruby Python Bash YAML DevOps configuration management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required You should:Know your way around Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure. Have a thorough knowledge of Linux & networking. Have previous experience with configuration management and server orchestration frameworks like Salt, Ansible or Chef. Write Lua, Ruby, Python, Bash, YAML as and when needed. Have previously used monitoring tools like mmonit, Pingdom, New Relic, Nagios, CollectD Write a script to automate the process rather than writing a how-to document with detailed steps in it. Company Profile: Reverie Language Technologies - Startup Reverie builds technologies that are bridging the language divide in the digital world. Content from apps and portals can be delivered in multiple languages in real-time through Reverie's Language-as-a-Service (LaaS) cloud platform. The LaaS platform provides localization services such as local-language translation, transliteration, input, and search through a set of APIs. It is a plug-and- play concept, which can be integrated into the business infrastructure. It enables people to consume digital content in their preferred language. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details