TITLE: CB Tech - Java/ J2EE Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Commercial Banking serves more than 30,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions, and not-for-profit entities with annual revenues generally ranging from $20 million to $2 billion. Our Commercial Bankers serve these clients by operating in 14 of the 15 top U.S. major markets. Our professionals' industry knowledge and experience combined with our dedicated service model, comprehensive solutions, and local expertise to make us the #1 commercial bank in our retail branch footprint. Technology supports Commercial Lending activities (Bi-Lateral or Multi-Lateral Loans) for multiple lines of businesses of JP Morgan Chase. We have a primary Loan Accounting and Servicing Platform and an application supporting loan activities from origination and syndication, loan maintenance to secondary loan trading. This role is for a developer to work with the technology team at JPMorgan, Bangalore office. As a member of the technology team, you will work to deliver a multi-year strategic workflow platform. You will join a high performing, self-managing team of passionate and experienced developers working in an Agile feature team to develop the strategic workflow platform supporting multiple lines of business. You will be architecting, designing and implementing the emerging architecture of the system, influencing team members in design discussions, developing end to end features, ensuring clean code in code review sessions, demoing features to product owner teams, working with users and upstream downstream teams to manage dependencies and understanding and writing up user stories/ requirements. Specifically the role requires you to: *Develop solutions using ReactJS/ AngularJS jQuery, Spring 4 , Hibernate, REST services, JMS, Oracle 11g. *Implement clean code, design principles, test driven development techniques, continuous integration and deployment tools and techniques. *Facilitate and contribute actively in code review sessions, design review sessions with feature teams. *Possess problem solving skills and perform code reviews *Identify and socialize good practices across multiple facets code, processes, tools and behaviors. *Contribute to product backlog/ story refinement and story splitting activities. *Effectively communicate design concepts using UML diagrams, Collaboration Tools, etc. *Prepare and lead sprint review meetings showcasing completed product backlog items to the product owner and subject matter experts. *Maintain Scrum Discipline, focus & deliver tasks in a timely manner as per Sprint plans. *Resolve production issues by performing root cause analysis, coding immediate solutions, and ensuring smooth deployments. *Work collaboratively in an Agile Feature team setup with team members located across different locations and time zones. Contribute to delivery success across teams as a developer. *Work with scrum masters, coaches and program management to understand impediments, help raise visibility and eliminate them. *Build subject matter expertise in the Agency Loans and Loan Trading businesses, covering syndicated loans and commercial loans. *Develop new skills to contribute as a multi-functional team member (potential areas for secondary skills: Cloud readiness, Security, Monitoring and measuring tools jMeter/ Dynatrace/ Geneos etc, Business Analysis). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle unix javascript xml hibernate development jquery qtp uml jdbc Desired Candidate Profile Basic Qualifications Bachelors or Masters Degree - preferably in Computer Science 4 - 6 years of Java/ JEE design and development skills. Must have strong analysis (both requirements and system) and design skills. Must have experience with performance testing, investigation and resolution. Good hands-on experience in HTML5/ CSS3/ JavaScript (Object Oriented JavaScript preferred). Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks & libraries ReactJS strongly preferred and/ or AngularJS and JQuery. Knowledge of Webpack/ Yeoman/ Bower/ Node Package Manager. Expertise in Spring 2.5 , Hibernate/ JDBC templates, MQ, WebService concepts, REST service concepts, XML, JSON, Tomcat 6.0 Strong experience in applying Test driven development techniques (jUnit, Fitnesse, Selenium or similar tools), Continuous Integration and Deployment practices and tools (Jenkins or equivalent, Maven, Git-Stash/ SVN, developer efficiency tools). Experience in all phases of SDLC process including release and change management. Experience working in Agile teams, ability to focus and grasp business concepts explained during PBRs and convert them to technical requirements and acceptance criteria. Demonstrated ability in leveraging design and architecture principles to implement business requirements. Very strong written and oral communication. Very good presentation and influential skills. Experience working on Unix. Passionate about technology, problem solving, learning new skills, sharing expertise and knowledge. Desired Skills 2 years experience working in a financial services environment including previous experience developing Finance or Risk interfaces with good working knowledge of associated accounting principles Expertise in writing, maintaining, performance tuning SQL and PLSQL (Oracle preferred), ability to write complex SQL. Experience in application testing and monitoring frameworks jMeter, Dynatrace, LISA, QTP, Geneos, Fitnesse, Selenium, PhantomJS etc. Experience in building applications Cloud ready applications. Experience in building highly available systems. Working knowledge of Loan IQ UI, APIs and data model. Previous experience with the Agency Loans and Loan Trading business Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details