TITLE: LRI - Application Developer Lead - BLR

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with over $2 trillion in assets and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Liquidity Risk Infrastructure (LRI) program is a multi-year infrastructure initiative to support the Firm's enhanced liquidity risk management processes addressing both the external and internal requirements. The program includes strategic data sourcing from transaction processing systems, data enrichment, analytical, monitoring, and reporting capabilities. The target platform must process 40-60 million transactions and positions daily, calculate risk presented by the current actual as well as model-based what-if state of the market, build multidimensional picture of corporate risk profile, and provide ability to analyze it in real time. The target LRI platform will utilize modern in-memory and non-relational data management principles, state-of-the-art methods of user interaction and must scale in horizontal and vertical directions. Key Responsibilities to include but are not limited to: &bull; Work collaboratively within a global team (US, UK, India) to design, engineer and deliver high quality technology solutions to address the firms Liquidity Risk requirements, leveraging strategic technology solutions such as Java, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Business Intelligence tools, Decision/ Rule Management frameworks (BDM) and modern UI/ UX and Workflow (BPM) solutions. &bull; Develop and/ or review end to end application and technical architecture of deliverables within the LRI Business Services program including integration with external modules/ components &bull; Perform end-to-end software development life cycle functions including Architecture, Design, Development, Application Industrialization, Performance Analysis & Tuning, Optimization, Testing and Product Maintenance. &bull; Design software components using appropriate design patterns to assist in developing a consistent well thought out system thats simple to build, maintain and interface with users and other system components. &bull; Ensure quality of deliverables, set development standards in areas of code quality, test coverage, monitoring, logging, exception management. &bull; Collaborate and build relationships with other development teams, operate and operations partners, and business clients. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java development python design patterns business intelligence workflow agile co operations investment banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification &bull; The individual must have 7 years of diversified experience developing applications using Java, Python or other Object Oriented languages &bull; Experience with data processing and analysis, preferably on big data &bull; Experience with agile and test driven development methodologies required &bull; Familiarity with Hadoop and Spark highly desired &bull; Strong analytical and problem solving skills &bull; Knowledge of principles and concepts of Big Data processing and analytics highly desired Basic Qualifications/ skills: &bull; Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Finance &bull; Minimum 5 years of Java or Python experience &bull; Finance, Risk and Liquidity experience are a plus Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details