TITLE: Solution Architect - .NET Framework

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation: Solution Architect Band: Manager/Sr Manager Responsibilities: Accountable for the overall design of the application and mapping client business requirements to systems/technical requirements. Work as a team member along with the Onsite Engagement Manager, Developers and supporting team members to deliver the complete solution for the customer. Provide technical oversight to development teams, conduct design and code reviews Design and implement software applications for new software development projects and also support live software applications to resolve any defects and issues reported. Re-factor current application design and/or implementation to support application enhancement requests. Co-team with Business Analysts to understand and analyze requirements and produce technical specification document. Share best practices and be consultative to clients and internal teams throughout the duration of the project life cycle. Build and review implementation plans working with the Project Manager. Requirements: Technical Skills: Candidate with 10+ years of experience that includes 3+ years of architecture responsibility, who is dynamic, self-motivated and with good communication skills Expert knowledge in .NET framework 4.0 and above Expert knowledge in Object Oriented Programming concepts Knowledge and practical experience in design patterns including SOLID principles, gang of four, inversion of control, aspect oriented programming etc. Expert knowledge in web development or Windows application development technologies including ASP.NET web forms, ASP.NET MVC, Single Page Application (SPA), and WPF etc. Should be able to prepare high and low level design artifacts. Exposure in designing enterprise applications Strong understating on the deployment architecture. Expert knowledge in SOA technologies including asmx web services, WCF, ASP.NET WEB API etc. Expert knowledge in .NET data access frameworks including ADO.NET, LINQ to SQL, Entity Framework etc. Very good knowledge and hands one experience in at least on message based technology- MSMQ, MQ etc. Very Good knowledge in at least one RDBMS- SQL Server 2012 or above, Oracle Very good knowledge and hands on experience in .NET unit test frameworks Visual Studio Unit Tests, NUnit etc. Hands on experience in performance tuning techniques and tools- Visual Studio profiler, Dot Trace etc. Solid knowledge on static code analysis concepts and tools- Visual Studio code analysis, ReSharper, FxCop, StyleCop etc. Knowledge in emerging architectural trends like NoSql Database, Micro Services, Cloud computing and Azure etc. Soft Skills: Good communication with clients/operational managers listening and providing answers Strong problem solving skills Ability to build from good relationships with clients/operational managers and colleagues Ability to gather and assimilate information Up to date knowledge of technical applications Good knowledge of quality standards, legislation and best practice Ability to be adapt and priorities Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines Ability to think ahead and anticipate problems, issues and solutions Shift Timings: 2.30 P.M -11.30 P.M (Transport provided by company) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills ASP.Net MVC WCF SQL Server WPF LINQ Entity Framework MSMQ Azure ADO.Net FxCop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Visionet Systems Inc. Company Brief: Visionet Systems India Pvt. Ltd. having headquartered & incorporated in Cranbury, NJ; offices in Chester, PA; Pittsburgh, PA; St. Louis, MO, Bangalore, Coimbatore India; provides services focused on high value, knowledge-based functions related to Real Estate and Mortgage Portfolio Management, Finance & Accounting, Oil & Gas, Risk Assessment, Information Technology and Customer Relationship Management. Utilizing integrated technology that includes decision models and behavioral-based scripting engines, we provide solutions that improve our clients' performance and maximize their returns. Visionet Systems India Pvt. Ltd. inception was in the year 2006 in India (USA - 1995). Having completed the 9th year milestone and with a current employee strength of strong 2500+ employees, we are envisioned to be a 3500+ employees company by the year 2017. Visionet is a unique company among IT and Business solution providers. Visionet boasts an 87% on-time within budget project success rate when the industry hovers under 40%. With 20+ years of IT Solution creation along with deep experience in solving business challenges, Visionet has positioned itself among the top leaders in IT and Business Process Outsourcing services. By bringing these two centers of excellence together, we have built a suite of technology enabled solutions that drive ROI for our clients and sets Visionet far ahead of any competition. Moreover, Visionet products are based on Visionet Intellectual Property. Whether in the Lending industry, Insurance or in Retail/Wholesale/Consumer Goods, our software products, frameworks and accelerators, along with our Global BPO services, are built and supported according to ISO 27001 and SAS 70 II standards. Visionet Systems has two primary business segments in India: Mortgage Services: Consumer lending (Mortgage, Other Loans), Title Services & Settlement Processing, Mortgage Banking (Originations, Underwriting, Servicing & Repurchase Management, Claims Processing) Retail, Business Process Outsourcing. Technology Products: Applications (Residential and Commercial Loan Servicing, Loss Mitigation, Vendor Management, Business Intelligence, Portal's and Integration's, Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment Software) as well as our IT infrastructure services. Visionet Systems products and platform supports Mortgage Banking, Title Settlement, Apparel & Retail and System Re-Engineering. For more information you can visit our website, www.visionetsystems.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details