TITLE: Director/vp - Finance - CA - Ecommerce

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Industry: eCommerce We are looking for a finance leader from FMCG Industry Background Job Title : Director/ VP - Finance Job Location: Bangalore Experience - 5 - 12 Job description: VP - Finance Education : CA We are looking for a finance leader - Director/ VP - to lead the finance function. This person will be accountable for corp finance and business finance, accounting, payments, taxation, and statutory compliance; She/He will build and lead the finance team, and will setup the finance processes, and controls, and be accountable for e2e finance domain at Company. Job Description Be accountable for company's finances; Develop periodic financials forecasts, strategic planning, & budgeting. Establish and Control budget heads; drive financial discipline in the company; Set Up Financial control processes, including Six monthly/Quarterly Operating Plan, and ensure adherence to budgets. Be accountable for all Statutory Compliances for the Company, including Companies Act, Income Tax, Labour Laws, FEMA, Shops & Establishment, Professional Tax, etc., Monitoring of operating and financial performance of the company; track cash flow, Unit Economics, and Supply chain costs on a periodic basis. Present financial performance of Company on a periodic/monthly basis to the leadership. Liaise with indirect tax authorities and govt bodies, and/or external consultants on indirect taxation, and be accountable for taxation issues for service tax, vat, income tax and other taxation requirements. Managing Commercial functions for trading, terms of trade with brands/manufacturers, etc for company's business units and/or subsidiaries, and logistics terms of trade with 3p logistics providers. Be accountable for corporate finance functions, including investment finance, equity and debt fundraising, and M&A. Design and drive payment processes for marketplace sellers, partners, and customers in the most tax efficient way. Drive the strategy for company's payment related product offerings including wallets, loyalty cards etc, to help us design simple tax efficient and compliant offerings. Be accountable for integrity of company's finances, and ensure readiness for Audit and compliance. Build and lead a team of top notch biz finance talent in the company Work with Tech and Product teams and provide inputs to build the accounting platform/backend for both marketplace and internal finance control systems. Setup up a very metrics driven finance organization; work closely for Finance Ops teams and Marketplace seller payment teams, category vendor management teams; drive metrics for ontime payments, and accurate payments. Required CA, 5-7yrs of experience in corp and biz finance function, preferably in some FMCG retail major. Excellent knowledge of India taxation regime. Good knowledge of Indian GAAP / US GAAP / IFRS Experience in finance function in venture funded consumer internet and eCommerce startups. MBA preferred; Excellent understanding of retail economics, direct and indirect taxation, e-commerce, marketplace business model Ability to provide business inputs and domain knowledge for finance/accounting tech team and products, and help us build world class finance/accounting backend powered by tech. Excellent communication and leadership skills. Ability to bootstrap the entire finance function in an early stage startup. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Finance/Audit Keyskills Accounting Business Finance Auditing Budgeting Indirect Taxation IFRS Indian Gaap US GAAP Ca Fund Raising Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: PeopleLogic Business Solutions A Leading client of PeopleLogic Business Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details