TITLE: Sr. Manager/ Manager- Business Excellence - IIT / UDCT

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Identifying the improvement opportunities on Mfg side. 2. Coordinating the activities between various departments involved such as Civil, Electrical, Maintenance, Instruments, Quality Control etc during the courses of project implementation 3. Ensure completion of manufacturing projects by making new schemes for the projects and executing them within timelines. 4. Create & implement Plant level dashboards 5. Responsible for streamlining communication flow in line with the business requirements among the entire BU team / project progress / MIS 6. Facilitate all requirements of Business Excellence Mentor / Corporate Black Belts Please mention ref. code SG/Manuf/3025 with position name in subject line while sharing the profile across. Â Â Â Â send profile at Â Â Manufacturing @ sanguineglobal.com Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Product Development Manager Keyskills Process Engineering simulation knowledge process improvement capacity enhancement Yield Improvement Cost Reduction Six Sigma Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Chemical PG:M.Tech - Chemical Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required EXPERIENCE:Minimum experience desired is 10 years in Chemical industry with about 6-8 yrs in process engineering / technical services. Lean and Six Sigma knowledge is desirable.SKILL-SET: 1) Designing/Sizing of Pipelines, pumping systems, safety valves and flare systems.2) Debottlenecking and practical /Handson experience in Designing of plant and equipments such as Heat exchangers, distillation columns, dryers, reactors etc.,3) Hands on experinece in preparation of Basic Engineering Package for new schemes for debottlenecking of new and existing plants.4) Equipment inspection, erection and commissioning. 5) Knowledge of simulation technique using ASPEN, HYSIS tools is desirable. 6) Should be good in HAZOP.QUALIFICATION:Essential: - Bachelors degree in Chemical Engineering, desirably from IIT / UDCTPreferred: Masters in Chemical Engineering Company Profile: Sanguine Global 'Sanguine Global' is the India's leading recruitment agency in Executive Search & Selection. The brand Sanguine Global is synonymous with providing a superior service and excellent career opportunities in India from middle to senior level positions to client organisations and customers alike. We live and breathe our values of Excellence, Teamwork, Courage, Integrity, Accountability and Growth for our people! Sanguine Global adopts an assignment protocol based on careful analysis of our clients' requirements and identification of both the professional and behavioural competencies essential for success in the position. Our candidates are sourced using targeted advertising, a national database and through our professional network. No surprise that most of our business comes from referrals and most importantly through satisfied applicants placed by us, who often refer us further. If you are an employer looking for Hiring Solutions, we welcome you to experience our services and get in touch with us at clients @ sanguineglobal.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details