TITLE: Director, Global Selling and Partnerships

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Director, Global Selling and Partnerships - Amazon India Are you a customer obsessed, smart and analytical, strategic yet execution focused, hungry and passionate about e-commerce, experienced, entrepreneurial leader with a strong work ethic? Were looking for a senior leader who will have dual responsibilities of managing the Global Selling Program in India and leading the Partnerships Team that will explore efforts to exponentially scale Amazon. in seller business in India and enhance the customer experience through key strategic partners. Global Selling: This person will be responsible for defining the strategy of the Global Selling Program in India and driving initiatives with local and global teams to evaluate sellers problems, create product offerings and drive initiatives that promote cross-border trading between India and other Amazon marketplaces. This person will be responsible for running the Global Selling Program and will be tasked with designing product offerings for Indian sellers to sell globally on other Amazon marketplaces as well as driving adoption of this product by recruiting sellers in relevant categories. In addition, this person will also be responsible for designing solutions to bring international seller selection from other marketplaces into India. This person will work closely with both local in country and global functional teams including Product, Finance, Marketing, Operations, Transport, Sales and Onboarding. Partnerships: This role will lead the Partnerships team, responsible for defining the partnerships strategy, conceptualizing, formulating and negotiating high-impact strategic partnerships with key partners that significantly help exponentially scale the Seller Services business. As a leader of this function, this person will work closely with Finance, Onboarding, New Initiatives and Product teams to identify partnership opportunities and drive these to fruition. In this role, you will be tasked with identifying and prioritizing partnership opportunities across the lifecycle of sellers that help scale the marketplace business. These partnerships could span seller acquisition, seller success or scaling products for sellers. In addition, youd be responsible for formulating/ modeling the partnerships and ownership to drive these partnerships internally. Responsibilities:Manage a team to execute on the vision of growing the global selling business from India to global and into IndiaDrive product features and influence global/ cross-functional teams to prioritize and support initiatives to design a simple product offering for sellers to enable them to sell into other marketplaces with easeDevelop solutions for sellers related to shipping, customs and tax guidance, Amazon policies either in house or through 3rd party providers that enable faster adoption of the global selling productDecide selection strategy in terms of categories and seller prioritization, recruit and onboard sellers in relevant categories and scale adoption of the ProgramEvangelize Amazons Global Selling offering with government and other export/ import trade bodies and export hubs. Liaison with government to develop ecosystem and help sellers with selling their products globally (e. g. helping them get an export status)Invest in seller education initiatives such as account management, merchandizing, webinars to ensure seller successBuild out marketing team to spread awareness among US buyers related to selection from IndiaManage and execute entire projects or components of large projects from start to finish including project management, data gathering, problem solving, and communication of insights and recommendations. Develop and execute on a strategy to exponentially scale seller acquisition and management and grow the Amazon seller ecosystem in IndiaIdentify different partnership models for seller acquisition and success, partners that help enable sellers do business with Amazon and aimed at scaling adoption of our product offerings as requiredStructure, engage, and close these multi-faceted, complex deals from inception to close and manage partners through lifecycle of partnership (where there is no business owner). Evaluate the economic and strategic costs and benefits of partnerships and execute plans while working with key internal stakeholders (e. g. product, legal, marketing). We are looking for someone with proven experience of building and managing a world class partnership team. A sharp strategic thinker who can design and execute on a vision and has a history of running quickly with little supervision. This person will have the ability to adapt to and lead through fast-paced, high-growth, uncertain environments and proven success in negotiating complex deals and driving all aspects of the deal process, while influencing and working with cross-functional teams. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree 15+ years of leadership experience operating, managing, and delivering results for complex businesses Experience building and managing successful teamsPreferred Qualifications:MBA preferredMore than 10+ years of experience in leadership roles of large teams, particularly in the sales or business management experienceExceptional written and verbal communication skills with the ability to create compelling positioning/ messaging strategy and present complex information clearly and concisely. Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to justify requirements, features and drive management of product. High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously with minimal supervision. Collaborative working style. Must work well in a team environment. Bias for action, and experience making things happen in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Experience working with SME retailers is an advantage. Experience with e-commerce / retail would be an advantageDeep understanding of the retail and wholesale landscape in India with prior interactions with sellers and distributors is desirable. Demonstrated intense customer focus. Demonstrated highest level of integrity, intellectual honesty, and strong work ethic. Proven ability to successfully thrive in an ambiguous environment and changing market conditions. Is a self-starter. Takes initiative. Doesn't wait to be asked. Plans efficiently while avoiding analysis paralysis. Strong team player, acts like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards. Simplifier but at the same time things big, takes smart risks, is innovative and can think out of the box. Can roll up his / her sleeves, deliver results and inspire team to move fast. Location -This position is based out of Bangalore, India and will require occasional travel to US. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Sales Alliances and Partnerships Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon. com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon. com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee. com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www. amazon. in for shoppers in India. With www. amazon. in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details