TITLE: Sharepoint Server Developer/administrator - Asp/.net/c#/infopath/iis

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developer Skill : 1. Strong knowledge and understanding in Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2013 2. More than 5 years' experience with ASP.NET & C# Development. 3. Experience with infopath development. 4. Experience in developing and maintaining Web services and multi-threading. 5. Experience of building and maintaining application using object oriented methodology. 6. Workflow Developments. 7. Great communication and customer service skills. 8. KPI knowledge. Administration Skill : 1. Installing, configuring, maintaining, upgrading and managing a SharePoint Server or a Farm. 2. Configuring all service applications like Search, Metadata, UserProfile Synchronization etc. 3. Creation of a Content DB and maintaining it. It involves maintenance of various logging databases in SQL Server. Compressing of logging Databases is also done by SharePoint admins since they grow in size considerably. 4. Assignment of proper permission levels for all users of the site as well as configuring anonymous access if required . 5. Configuring timer jobs depending on business requirements. Timer jobs are very important inSharePoint. One of the timer job is to backup the sites everyday. This is very important as it helps to restore the site to its previous version if any error occurs. 6. Knowledge of powershell is very important for a SharePoint Admin. Clients usually prefer a person who can configure the whole system using powershell since it's much faster than UI. In one of my projects, the whole farm configuration was based on a powershell script which almost took 45-50 minutes to execute. It would have taken hours if the same thing was done using UI. 7. Training and supporting the business users in their day to day involvement in SharePointsites. For instance uploading a document, starting an approval workflow etc. 8. Solid understanding of IIS, Active Directory and Mail Configuration. 9. Configuration of Business Connectivity Services for connecting to a SQL database or a WCF service. 10. Strong understanding of what can be done using OOB features in SharePoint. Social Skill : 1.Self-motivated, team player, and result oriented 2.Should take ownership of the assignments delegated 3.Ability to simultaneously work with multiple stakeholders across the organization Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills WCF ASP.Net C# SQL Server InfoPath Sharepoint Server Web Services .Net ASP Powershell Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Career Maker Leading client of Career Maker Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details