TITLE: Java and Oracle Applications Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Role The candidate will function as an Application Developer within the JPMorgan Investment Management Technology group with a focus on Compliance & Guidelines Technology. The group focusses on building and supporting the pre and post trade compliance checks globally across all asset classes including fixed income, derivatives, equity etc. The role will involve design and development in Java, Perl script and Oracle and working with a vendor product Sentinel. The ideal candidate will get exposure to various trading systems and trade flows for multiple asset classes. The role will interact a lot with the various internal front office and back office teams in order to complete the projects. In summary the team is looking for a motivated and hands on Oracle and Java developer who will be a team player and work on various compliance related projects in support of the operations guidelines team and other LOBs. Key Responsibilities: &bull; Perform application development build tasks and perform application coding in J2EE and RDBMS (oracle) technologies along with select vendor applications. &bull; Designs, analyzes, develops codes, debugs and documents programming to satisfy business requirements for large, complex projects and enhancements &bull; Work as part of a Scrum team to deliver technology solutions in an Agile fashion including but not limited to sprint planning, complexity analysis, standup calls, and sprint retrospectives. &bull; Adheres to architecture standards, risk management and security policies. &bull; Design the technical architecture for new applications and changes to existing applications including class diagrams/ object modeling, data modeling, and system interfaces. &bull; Translate functional specifications into technical specifications and runbooks in support of application builds. &bull; Communicate timely build status on development items to management team, as well as raise/ work to resolve issues impacting development. &bull; Assist in third level support of applications once delivered into Production. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sybase application development eclipse sdlc data modeling agile coding operations ant scrum Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications: &bull; Minimum 5 years of experience with related technologies and the software development life cycle &bull; Experience with database development and design including experience with Oracle and/ or Sybase &bull; Strong Java/ J2EE programming skills and Perl script &bull; Working knowledge of Tomcat/ Apache application servers &bull; Knowledge of standard build and deployment tools such as Eclipse, Maven, Subversion, Ant, and Jira &bull; Demonstrated experience with OO design patterns/ frameworks, including application integration frameworks &bull; Ability to multi-task and engage productively on multiple projects simultaneously Person Specification: &bull; Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to clearly articulate to all project members and stakeholders &bull; Must be a team player who works well with technical and non-technical resources &bull; Must be able to see tasks through to completion without significant guidance &bull; Must have team leadership skills in delegating and coordinating work in all aspects of the SDLC Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details