TITLE: Req.architect-ibm Bpm/jbpm for Bangalore.

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Warm wishes from HR Dawn!! Onsite Opportunity! One of our leading MNC Clients is looking for Architect-IBM BPM/JBPM for Bangalore Location. If interested kindly forward your updated CV to lakshmi@hrdawn.com at along with the below details. Job Type : Permanent Exp : 8 to 12 Years Job Location : Bangalore Total Exp : Yrs IBM BPM Exp : Yrs JBPM Exp : Yrs Filenet Exp : Yrs Java Exp : Yrs Spring Exp : Yrs Hibernate Exp : Yrs IBM Content Manager Exp : Yrs IBM Case Manager Exp : Yrs Middleware Technologies Exp : Yrs Integration Frameworks Exp : Yrs Current Organization : Employment Mode : Permanent/Contract Notice Period : Can join in : CTC : ECTC Current Location : Willing to relocate to Bangalore : Yes/No Willing to travel (Short Term/Long Term) : Yes/No DOB : Educational Qualification : Year of Passing : Remarks : JD: Candidate should be technically sound and hand-on, technology stack may differ from project to project but a general list of technology mentioned end of email. Candidate should be able to understand complex functional / business requirements, visualize architecture, solution and translate same into estimates and a technical delivery plan. Candidate should hold excellent technical communication to convince and drive best practices / approaches during planning and implementation with internal and customer stakeholders. Candidate should have work experience on project diverse in nature software development, upgrade, migrations, tuning and improvisation, integration etc. Candidate should be able plan and incorporate development and source code management best practices, ex deliver reusable code and architecture. Candidate should be able to technically lead and mentor team 10 to 20 people and align individual and team tasks to towards final delivery. Candidate should understand project execution methodologies and dependency along project CSF - scope, budget, schedule etc. Project Management Prepare Project Plan along with Project Manager Determine the overall Project Schedule with Project Manager Breakdown of Project activities into meaningful project tasks Determine the effective timeline for each Project Tasks Identify the Skills required to perform each Project Tasks Resource Planning in collaboration with Project Manager Reporting (Development Status, Testing Status, Risk) Risk Identification and Escalation Design Solution Design Architecture Formulation and Finalization Development Finalize the Requirement with business and record the finalize requirements Formulate the Functional requirement based on business requirements Allocation of Tasks based on the requirements Code Review against the Business and Functional Requirement Code Version Management Testing Preparation of Test cases along with Testing Manager Mapping of Test Case against Business and Functional Requirement Ensure that the Developer perform the Test Cases against the developed requirement Mandatory skills/ knowledge: Sound knowledge of Programming languages and frameworks - JAVA / J2EE - JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, MVC, AJAX, Camel etc. Sound knowledge of BPM, ECM and Case management softwares - IBM BPM, JBPM, Activity, Filenet, IBM Content Manager, IBM Case Manager etc Sound knowledge of middleware technologies Red hat JBOSS, Fuse, IBM Websphere application server, Websphere MQ, DB2, Postgres, Oracle, etc Sound knowledge on integration frameworks SOAP, REST, web-services etc BPM OR JBPM with Java, J2ee, spring, hibernate. Career Experience and qualifications: Must have minimum 8-12 yrs of experience in the industry. Any professional degree from reputed university. Warm Regards, Lakshmi lakshmi@hrdawn.com 8870640434 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java JSP Servlets Hibernate Struts J2Ee Spring JBPM EJB JBoss Websphere Application Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HR Dawn www.hrdawn.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details