TITLE: Sr Product Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon Payments, Risk and Compliance Services team is looking for an enthusiastic, customer obsessed, Product Manager to manage projects, implement and improve metrics, and build the earths most customer centric onboarding and account management platform for businesses around the globe.Â Amazon Earner Services (AES) is building the highest quality marketplace payment solution in the industry. Marketplaces are predicted to grow from $15B today to $335B by 2025. Our marketplace product offering already serves one of the largest marketplaces in the world, the Selling on Amazon business, we are now expanding and enhancing our product offering to cover more businesses in more locations.Â To be successful in this role, you need a passion for making data driven decisions which will have direct impact on the customer experience. Some keys to your success are the ability to be an effective communicator to various audiences. The ability to remain flexible and adept to learning new tools and systems is instrumental your role on the team. Our environment is deadline driven, fast paced and requires you to be detail-oriented and comfortable interacting or working with multiple teams (business and technical).Â The ideal candidate has a background of running large, cross-functional projects. The candidate is as comfortable working on high-level strategy and design, as they are rolling-up their sleeves and working on implementation. This job will require strong communication skills while having the ability to work independently in a high pressure, and often ambiguous, work environment. Candidate must be flexible with hours and travel. Passion and drive for customer service is a must.Â As a Product Manager, you will be responsible for the following: Business Development (Actively selling the solution to internal and external clients) Own and drive the roadmap for improvements to Amazon Earner Services existing solutions. Build and drive a multi-year vision and roadmap for Amazons identity verification solutions. With the support of finance teams, identify the impact of each of these solutions Write business requirements including user stories, socialize the recommended solution across multiple supporting functions, and obtain internal approvals across stakeholders. Ability to collaborate with technical program managers and multiple tech teams to achieve the vision.Â Engage with the broader team and serve as a thought leader during the strategy and operating planning process. 5+ years of product management or equivalent experience with web technologies Bachelor's degree required. Experience with Web Services and Service Oriented Architecture Good understanding of platform service models, including Platform as a Service (PaaS) Proven problem solving and project management skills Demonstrated problem-solving, mathematics and analytical skills using data to drive decisions in a business environment Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced deadline-oriented work environment 5+ years payments, retail financial services industry, technical product management and/or project management experience Understanding of Global money transmission regulations. The ability to use both formal and informal influencing skills across Amazon's cross-matrix organization is critical to the success of this role Possess excellent business judgment, strong written and oral communication skills, and a practical, common sense approach to getting things done The right candidate thrives in a high energy environment where tactical and strategic activities are expected to be driven in parallel High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously A self-starter who loves data and who enjoys spotting the trends in it! Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer- Female/Minority/Disability/Vet Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills Product Management enthusiastic customer obsessed Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon.com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon.com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee.com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www.amazon.in for shoppers in India. With www.amazon.in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details