TITLE: SAP HCM Functional Consultant

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills: The resource should have good experience in HCM Processes like PA, OM, Time Management, Payroll (India). Knowledge of integration with other modules like FICO/PS. HCM configuration including Recruitment & Training & Travel management. Preparing functional specifications for Reports, Interfaces, Data Conversions, and Enhancements & Forms.Â Ability to understand the issues raised by End users and provide solutions. Good communication skills both oral & written in English. Experience in Success Factor & HCM integration with Success Factor Must have knowledge in ABAP-HR technical concepts. Must be well versed with SDLC concepts. Responsibility: Gather/document functional requirements and translate functional needs into technical solutionsÂ Configure, test, support and implement SAP HCM solutionsÂ Writing functional specs and interacting with ABAP Consultant to develop any user exits Migration of Data from Legacy System to SAP Diagnose, Analyze and Resolve the Issues raised by the End Users. Training the end users and preparing end user training material. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Payroll OM PA Time Management SAP HCM Recruitment User Training Travel Management Functional Consultancy User Exits ABAP - HR SDLC Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prestige Estates Projects (P) Ltd. The Prestige Group owes its origin to Mr. Razack Sattar, who envisioned a success story waiting to take shape in the Retail Business in 1956 itself. Since its formation in 1986, Prestige Estates Projects has grown swiftly to become one of South India's leading Property Developers, helping shape the skyline across the Residential, Commercial, Retail, Leisure & Hospitality sectors. Prestige Court on K.H. Road in Bangalore set the pace for the Group's rapid growth which now stands at over 192 Completed Projects spanning a total developed area of over 64.12 million sqft. It also has another 65 ongoing projects comprising around 67 million sqft, which include Apartment Enclaves, Shopping Malls and Corporate Structures, spread across all asset classes. Prestige Constructions, an ISO 9001:2000 certified company is the only Real Estate Developer in Bangalore to have won the reputed FIABCI Award for its software and residential facilities. Prestige was also recently awarded the Crisil DA1 Developer Rating in recognition of the quality of their projects and the ability to deliver completed projects in a timely manner, making them the ONLY Property Developer across India to have received this distinction. Today, Prestige stands as a giant and with aggressive growth plans across the Residential, Commercial, Retail and Hospitality Sectors in Bangalore, Goa, Hyderabad, Mangalore, Cochin and Chennai, lies a bright future ahead! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details