TITLE: Team Member - Reconciliation ( DAV) - Blr

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Department Description: Nostro Reconciliation is responsible for the reconciliation and investigation of the firm's nostro accounts held with overseas correspondent banks and JPMorgan branches, through a global operating model with teams based in Bournemouth and Bangalore. The department manages essential high risk day to day responsibilities in addition to participation in a number of firm wide and business specific initiatives. Organisations supported by the group include the Corporate and Investment Bank as well as other Corporate functions. Role Overview: This position is within the Reconciliations team, who has responsibility for primary account controls, ensuring that all expected feeds are received for reconciliation, chasing up appropriately within set deadlines. To complete the matching of exceptions , identification of breaks and onward referral to internal lines of business responsible for the resolution of breaks. This is a very interesting, diverse and challenging role, with varied responsibilities across a wide range of operational activities. The role also supports key departmental change improvement projects/ initiatives. Key responsibilities: Investigation of unapplied nostro breaks through contact with agent banks according to set timeframes Completion of daily and weekly control reports. Driving continuous improvement and analysis of key statistics The management and resolution of aged breaks, quality control and process improvement both internal and external. Opening, closing and amending accounts under IO Reconciliations ownership according to set timeframes Representation of the IO Reconciliations group globally on cross line of business meetings, fostering and maintenance of excellent relationships with business partners Involvement in key IO Reconciliations initiatives/ deliverables as a subject matter expert, working with line of business partners Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills operations accounts reconciliation relationship building scorecard process improvement quality control problem solving operational metrics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required &bull;Generally 2-3 years experience in operations or related function. &bull;Familiarity with products and services. &bull;Strong communication, organization and leadership skills. &bull;Able to provide coaching and guidance on all aspects necessary processes. &bull;Ability to analyze processes and identify improvements. &bull;Knowlege of metrics and scorecard analysis. &bull;Possesses and applies specific experiences and knowledge to the completion of assignments. &bull;Good relationship-building and time management skills &bull;Well-developed problem solving &bull;Results-orientated &bull;Good PC skills &bull;Teamwork &bull;Ability to work under pressure Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details