TITLE: VP - Program/project Management - Ecommerce - Iit/iim/fms

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this VP Program / Project Management - Defects Reductions for an Ecommerce MNC in Bangalore. Job description : Defect Reduction team, you will lead a team of Program managers and analysts responsible for shaping the strategy and direction of customer-facing products that are core to the customer experience. You will bring innovation, a strategic perspective, a passionate voice, and an ability to prioritize and execute on a fast-moving set of priorities, competitive pressures, and operational initiatives. You will partner closely with product and technology teams to define and build innovative and delightful experiences for customers. You must be highly analytical, able to work extremely effectively in a matrix organization, and have the ability to break complex problems down into steps that drive product development at speed. You will set the tempo for defect reduction through continuous improvement and drive accountability across multiple business units in order to deliver large scale high visibility/ high impact projects. You will lead by example to be just as passionate about operational performance and predictability as you will be about all other aspects of customer experience Responsibilities : Drive effective teamwork, communication, collaboration and commitment across multiple disparate groups with competing priorities. Effectively manage customer expectations and resolve conflicts that balance client and company needs. Drive team to manage large programs, dependencies and bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make trade-offs, balance the business needs versus technical constraints. Develop process to effectively maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders. Be successful in a delivery focused environment and determining the right processes to make the team successful. This opportunity requires excellent technical, problem solving, and communication skills. The candidate is not just a policy maker/spokesperson but drives to get things done. Possess superior analytical abilities and judgment. Use quantitative and qualitative data to prioritize and influence, show creativity, experimentation and innovation, and drive projects with urgency in this fast-paced environment. Build and manage a very strong team of program managers and analysts who use data and metrics to drive decision-making and innovate on behalf of the customer. Partner with key stakeholders to develop the vision and strategy for customer experience on our platforms. Influence product roadmaps based on this strategy along with your teams. This leader will lead the organization through change, evolution, and sustained growth. The right leader will evolve and scale the organization along with the business. With the business growing rapidly, this leader will not have the luxury of having a tunnel-vision for any one area; rather, this individual will need to exhibit excellent judgment on how to prioritize between competing priorities Desired Candidate Profile : B.Tech / MBA from top Schools like IIT, IIM, FMS, XLRI, etc, only.. MBA from a top Business School with 10+ years of experience and min of 7-8 years post MBA (from a top Business School like IIMs, FMS, etc..only) in driving large Program / Project management and leadership/ people management working in Global MNC preferably in the Ecommerce industry, startup experience preferred. Not looking for Technical / Delivery Managers i.e. experience in IT Infrastructure Programs / Software Program Management are not preferred, but for someone who is more on the business / management side. Experience with complex problem solving and analysis using statistical methods, financial modeling, and network optimization modeling Experience with design and operation of complex operating processes Presentation and written communication skills are essential: clear, organized, concise with an ability to adapt to appropriate audience Experience working cross functionally Analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop/ present business cases Experience managing a team of program managers to deliver results and measure their success Strong attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one's sleeves to get the job done From a business perspective, this leader will: Have a strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services and possess a strong understanding of the industry Be conversant with internet technologies Have an entrepreneurial spirit Have excellent collaborative skills as a leader Be extremely passionate about offering the best experience to customers Attract, hire and develop a team of terrific Program Managers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Project Management IIM Program Management IT Infrastructure Execution People Management Escalation Management Business Strategy Continuous Improvement Product Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required B.Tech / MBA from top Schools like IIT, IIM, FMS, XLRI, etc, only..MBA from a top Business School with 10+ years of experience and min of 7-8 years post MBA (from a top Business School like IIMs, FMS, etc..only) in driving large Program / Project management and leadership/ people management working in Global MNC preferably in the Ecommerce industry, startup experience preferred. Not looking for Technical / Delivery Managers i.e. experience in IT Infrastructure Programs / Software Program Management are not preferred, but for someone who is more on the business / management side. Company Profile: Search Light A Leading client of Search Light Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details