TITLE: Senior Software Engineer - Linux/ Unix/ Algorithm - IIT / NIT / BITS

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PromptCloud is looking for a senior software engineer having worked/willing to work on large scale systems platforms. Job responsibilities will be cross-functional - ranging from "clean" coding to architectural changes to client interactions. Over a period of time you're expected to challenge the existing tech stack and add your baby components to it. What PromptCloud expects for this role- - Graduated from a tier-1 college (IITs, NITs, and BITs). - Prior exposure to large systems and hands on experience with scalability is a must. - 4 to 8 years of industry experience in a tech role. - Sound knowledge of Algorithms and OOP concepts. - Must have good sense of design and architecture. - Proficiency with Linux/Unix (required). - Ability to write well-abstracted, reusable code. - Knowledge of any one of the scripting languages - Ruby/Perl/Python is desirable. - Excellent time-management, multi-tasking, communication and interpersonal skills. - Energy and passion for working in a startup. - Prior experience with a startup is a plus. - Sense of ownership and attention to details. - Work independently and end-to-end with minimal guidance. What to expect from PromptCloud : - Truckloads of learning. - Friendly environment and a culture for growth. - Collaboratively solving exciting challenges with smart minds around. - All things good or great at any startup. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Python Ruby Perl Unix Expect Linux Scalability Platforms Algorithms Software Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: PromptCloud PromptCloud is a leading web data crawling & extraction company, serving customers across the globe with valuable data to suit their business needs. Based on the Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) model, PromptCloud uses cloud computing & machine-learning techniques to offer big data solutions to enterprises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details