TITLE: Unity3d Game Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you looking to make an impact in the gaming and 3d world? So are we! We're looking for people like you to join our group in the goal of making unique and memorable 3d model, animation and games that will raise the bar in creating . These will be integrated into our AR platform. We're looking for Software Engineer experienced with the Unity3D engine to work with us in bringing several Augmented Reality experiences within our AR platform. Responsibilities: Work with the stake holders to understand the need for the games, graphic models and animations. Understand the various constraints and develop the solution within the boundaries of the given constraints. Conceptualize, Architect and design 3d experience for mobile augmented reality applications (including but not limited to 3d animations and games) Report status on the work to the reporting manager/Appropriate Ability to lead, organize and mentor developers Game design skills Required skills: 4+ years experience with the Unity3D engine Experience developing mobile applications for the android and iOS Show examples of completed projects using the Unity3D engine Experience with graphics and optimizations in real time 3D environments Effectively communicate with other developers, artists, project managers and producers Experience in 3d rendering for mobile platform. Self-motivation and willingness to participate in many areas of game development Advanced Knowledge in C#, JavaScript Solid understanding of working with 3D space and assets Familiarity with UI design A good understanding of the challenges and techniques associated with 3D mobile applications Preferred skills: Interest in game design, particularly casual, social or mobile games Knowledge about Game development techniques and development life cycle Good understanding of rendering engines and pipelines like OpenGL, OpenGL ES or DirectX Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills DirectX Opengl C# Javascript Gaming Android Graphics 3D User Interface Designing Mobile Applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: AugRay AugRay is a product of Wisdom InfoTech, head-quartered in the USA with development centers and Indian operations in Chennai and Bangalore. AugRay is a patent pending augmented reality platform available for smart devices, which gives an incredible immersive experience to the users filled with fun, entertainment, education and timely digital information, to mention a few. AugRay blends virtual reality with the physical world around us; providing brands a solution as unique as their needs. AugRay acts as a vehicle for brands to break through the clutter and separate themselves from the herd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details