TITLE: User Interface Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Job We are looking for an inspired and energetic UI/UX Engineer who can translate ideas and requirements into full-fledged, scalable user experiences. Candidates must have excellent Graphic/Web Design and HTML/CSS knowledge along with a clear understanding of building flexible designs that can work across technologies and platforms. About the Team The Custom Solutions Team (CST) is the in-house engineering team of Global Service and Support group mandated with building intelligent solutions for internal and external customer to help with automation, process efficiency and data intelligence. The team has a direct impact on Akamai's day-to-day business efficiency and the quality of service received by its customers. The teams work encompasses the full engineering cycle: derive requirements, define features, design and develop the implementation, verify for correctness, analyze usage patterns, scale and extend systems as Akamai grows its business. Responsibilities: Be a part of the design process involving research, prototyping, design and development Collaborate with various teams to understand the requirements and convert that into appealing, highly usable user experiences Capable of gauging technical feasibility of prototypes Presents high fidelity designs/mock-ups for review/iteration/approval Capable of working directly with stakeholders in an iterative/agile manner to dramatically improve the prototypes in a short time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills User Interface Engineer Agile UX designer design Photoshop Illustrator HTML5 CSS3 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills & Competencies: Design Tools: Photoshop, Illustrator and/or Fireworks. Front end Technologies: In-depth knowledge of HTML5+CSS3 and other front-end technologies. Knowledge of Bootstrap/Foundation is required and knowledge of other frameworks such as AngularJS/BackboneJS/EmberJS would be an added advantage Conceptual understanding of User Interface Design and the Design Process. Excellent time-management, multi-tasking, and communication skills. Capable of juggling multiple projects and related complexities at the same time Ability to solve all sorts of design challenges with creativity, efficiency and precision - a full-stack UX designer (interaction, usability, graphic design, HTML/CSS) A passion for semantic markup, standards and modularization of applications A good understanding of front-end integration - seamless integration with various technologies (Python/Django, NodeJS etc) Ability to integrate UX into Agile/Scrum development practices Graduate/PG with about 4-6 years of web and user application design experience. Excellent communication skills - written and spoken Company Profile: Akamai Technologies Akamai is the leading global service provider for accelerating content and business processes online. Akamai has transformed the Internet from a chaotic network into a predictable, scalable, and secure business platform. Akamai routinely handles 15% of total Internet traffic. The company has created the world's largest and most widely used on-demand distributed computing platform, with more than 14,000 servers in 1,100 networks in 65+ countries. 1,726 organizations have formed trusted relationships with Akamai, improving revenue and reducing costs by maximizing the performance of their online businesses. Akamai's customers include 6 of the top 10 companies from the DJIA, 6 of the top 10 agencies on the Keynote Government 40 index, and many Fortune 500 companies. In India, Akamai's customers include Rediff.com, Sify.com, NDTV, FabMall, Indiatimes, amongst others. The company's strong partner ecosystem includes IBM and EDS, as well as Web-hosting companies, systems integrators, Web developers, software and hardware vendors, and network providers. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Akamai's industry-leading services, matched with world-class customer care, are used by hundreds of today's most successful enterprises and government agencies around the globe. In India, Akamai's office is located in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details