TITLE: Project Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary- Candidate should be technically sound and hand-on, technology stack may differ from project to project but a general list of technology mentioned end of email. Candidate should be able to understand complex functional / business requirements, visualize architecture, solution and translate same into estimates and a technical delivery plan. Candidate should hold excellent technical communication to convince and drive best practices / approaches during planning and implementation with internal and customer stakeholders. Candidate should have work experience on project diverse in nature software development, upgrade, migrations, tuning and improvisation, integration etc. Candidate should be able plan and incorporate development and source code management best practices, ex deliver reusable code and architecture. Candidate should be able to technically lead and mentor team 10 to 20 people and align individual and team tasks to towards final delivery. Candidate should understand project execution methodologies and dependency along project CSF - scope, budget, schedule etc. Project Management Prepare Project Plan along with Project Manager Determine the overall Project Schedule with Project Manager Breakdown of Project activities into meaningful project tasks Determine the effective timeline for each Project Tasks Identify the Skills required to perform each Project Tasks Resource Planning in collaboration with Project Manager Reporting (Development Status, Testing Status, Risk) Risk Identification and Escalation Design Solution Design Architecture Formulation and Finalization Development Finalize the Requirement with business and record the finalize requirements Formulate the Functional requirement based on business requirements Allocation of Tasks based on the requirements Code Review against the Business and Functional Requirement Code Version Management Testing Preparation of Test cases along with Testing Manager Mapping of Test Case against Business and Functional Requirement Ensure that the Developer perform the Test Cases against the developed requirement Mandatory skills/ knowledge: Sound knowledge of Programming languages and frameworks - JAVA / J2EE - JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, MVC, AJAX, Camel etc. Sound knowledge of BPM, ECM and Case management softwares - IBM BPM, JBPM, Activity, Filenet, IBM Content Manager, IBM Case Manager etc Sound knowledge of middleware technologies Red hat JBOSS, Fuse, IBM Websphere application server, Websphere MQ, DB2, Postgres, Oracle, etc Sound knowledge on integration frameworks SOAP, REST, web-services etc BPM OR JBPM with Java, J2ee, spring, hibernate. Career Experience and qualifications: Must have minimum 8-12 yrs of experience in the industry. Any professional degree from reputed university Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills JSP Servlets Hibernate Java Spring Struts JBPM J2Ee EJB JBoss Websphere Application Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Inventus Info Consulting Pvt Ltd. "Company of the Year 2015" under the category of Financial Services. Headquartered in Bangalore, AWPL has its offices in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and South Africa. The product development team is based in Koramangala, Bangalore. With rich domain knowledge and experience of 20 years, company is specialists in providing Smart Business Process Automation & Optimization platforms. They design valuable experiences for Insurance, Banking and financial service sectors in the global market who have a digital first mindset. They assist businesses with one-stop, centrally managed, digital solutions so that businesses can multiply their revenue and focus on providing better customer experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details