TITLE: Manager - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Duties & Responsibilities The duties and responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: a) Plan the lead generation activities based on the desired outcome. b) Plan and execute the same along with the marketing person. a. Direct sourcing of leads through various activities / campaigns b. Referral business from existing customers c. Corporate road shows / activities c) Tie-up with the channel partners for the lead generation. d) Manage the leads, ensuring site visits are conducted for effective closings. e) Managing the site visit process a. Fixing the site visit appointment b. Attending walk-ins customers , greeting and showing them the audio, video, project presentation c. Filling the customer data sheet for the entire walk in customers. d. Resolving the queries at site in respect to car parking issues, customer access, construction related issues, coordination with projects team etc. e. Liaise with banks for eligibility calculation / home loan requirement. f) Collecting the application form from the customer while closing the deal. g) Creating a CID (Customer identification) for the walk in customer. h) Creating sales order. i) Handing over the booking formalities to the CRM. j) Preparing the allotment letter along with the calculation of the flat cost. k) Outdoor visit to the customers office\home. l) Outdoor visit to the channel partner. m) Representing the companys project all over India via exhibition. n) Preparing monthly MIS in respect to sales. o) Doing the survey on competitors to keep self updated. p) Managing sales team. Reports to : GM Sales, Marketing Location : Hyderabad Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Marketing Channel Partners Lead Generation Campaigns CRM Road Shows Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WENGER and WATSON INC. Manager - Sales One of the top Real estate company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details