TITLE: Senior Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this STP provides Fund Administration and Performance Consultancy services to Global Investment Firms and Mutual Funds worldwide. STP intends to set new quality standards in a competitive environment, to help attract and retain a blue-chip client base. The job holder primarily role is to gather requirements, analysis, develop, implement, test software applications using Microsoft .net web Technologies. The candidate will also involve in project management, weekly status management. The candidate will maintain accuracy level set by client and deliver within SLA agreed by client. The candidate will be proactive in interfacing with client and other functional areas. Any queries related to project must be escalated to the respective Manager. Salary:INR With match to best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Asp .Net Mvc Architecture AngularJS WEB API KNOCKOUT JS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, B.Sc - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:M.Sc, MCA, M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Business domain knowledge asset management with overview of portfolio management and accounting will be an advantage.Knowledge of middle and back office work in typical asset management firm will be an advantageExperience in Angular js, jquery, asp.net MVC 5, .NET 4.5, .NET Web API, .NET entity framework, Json, c#, tsql, Sql server 2012. Experience building Single Page Applications (SPA) using a formal JavaScript framework such as React, Backbone,Â Ember is added advantageExcellent analytical and problem solving skillsExcellent verbal and written communications skillsDemonstrate initiative and drive the same across unitExperience building Single Page Applications (SPA) using a formal JavaScript framework such as React, Backbone, Angular, Ember, Knockout is added advantage Company Profile: STP Investment Services India Pvt. Ltd STP Investment Services (STP) is a capital markets focused service organization specializing in middle and back office investment operations outsourcing, fund services, reporting & data management, global development/support, and innovative software solutions for investment management firms. We offer clients' a unique blend of best in class vendor products, proprietary applications and an uncompromising commitment to service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details