TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Senior Software EngineerÂ ABOUT TEAM: ARRIS Digital Video SW engineering team is responsible for software development for QAM and IP Set Top boxes deployed in Americas and Europe region. The team consists of subject matter experts in STB with functional expertise in MPEG, Audio/Video, Graphics, DVR, Conditional Access and Networking elements. The Bangalore team is responsible for complete engineering ownership of many product lines. JOB SUMMARY: To design, develop, generate and maintain quality software and associated documentation that conforms to ARRIS process and meets the project requirements. Be part of ARRIS Digital Video SW Engineering team and contribute to the existing and new product development. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: Produce well-structured and maintainable code to meet project goals as per the guideline and Arris process Design and develop embedded system software for STBs Work on feature development including driver level, middleware and application Provide maintenance support for existing products to ensure prompt rectification of problems Ensure proper module tests, debug and verification of software as requested, prior to release Contribute and adhere to disciplines, process and tools in line with Arris product development process. Participate and contribute to formal code reviews. Adhere to the build environment and configuration management systems, to ensure consistent usage and correct release of software. Adhere defined quality standards for Software Engineering. Working with Project team of various sizes. Working on multiple projects. QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS B.E./B.Tech or M.E/M.Tech with specialization in Computer Science/Electronics/Information Systems Previous working experience in development of embedded systems software, preferably in STB domain Fully hands-on embedded software for 3+ years, having 2+ years of experience in the relevant technology areas An expert in developing complex system software using C++ and good in designing. Top Notch coding, debugging skills Knowledge in Object Oriented Architecture & Design knowledge Good knowledge of middleware development and debugging systems running RTOS. Experience in Networking area and Embedded Linux is a plus. Experience in RDK is a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C++ Embedded Linux RTOS MPEG STB Embedded Systems Embedded Software System Software Software Engineering IP C Set Top Box DTV PVR DVB Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arris India Private Limited ARRIS is a leading video and broadband technology company that transforms how service providers worldwide deliver entertainment and communicationswithout boundaries. Our solutions enable service and content providers to improve the way people connect with each other and with their favorite content. Its an exciting time at ARRIS, and as we continue to grow our global operations, we need extraordinary people across all facets of our organization Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details