TITLE: Technical Director - Java - Linux/unix

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Responsibilities - Equivalent to a Director in the management track, Technical Directors have demonstrated consistent technical achievement and innovation. - Technical Directors serve as a corporate resource. This is a "gated" - INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTOR- position requiring an evaluation of overall skill set and interviews by a panel of executives. - As technical visionaries, they innovate, architect and implement state of the art ideas that help us address customer challenges. Technical Directors advice executives and management on long term technical blueprint, they mentor and help upgrade technical proficiency of the team. - As a technical visionary, create and implement state of the art ideas; mentor and help upgrade technical proficiency of the team; consistently deliver creative designs; responsible for system-level design specifications and technology plans; serves as the leader in review of designs of other team members. - Regularly interacts with senior management and multiple departments on highly technical/complex scientific issues. Frequently interacts with external subject matter experts to conduct research, gather facts, & analyse information on specific area of specialization. Represents the company and/or division in area of specialization. May participate at external conferences and meeting venues to present information on area of specialization . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Unix Linux Java Springs EJBs Server frameworks RESTful services Apache Tomcat SAML JSON Maven design and development Technical Director Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications- 15+ years of experience on enterprise class software in envisioning, designing and delivering world class solutions. Deep technical moorings with track record of gaining mastery of new technologies.- Expertise on Java stack of technologies including Springs, EJBs and other Server frameworks on the UNIX/Linux Platform- Expertise in end to end solution creation; from requirement understanding to defining solution (user experience, architecture and design of UI and backend systems)- Experience designing and/ or implementing client and server frameworks Experience in the following technologies: RESTful services, Apache Tomcat, SAML, JSON, Maven- Demonstrated experience with multiple development lifecycle methodologies; demonstrated experience with current and emerging industry best practices for component and infrastructure development; proven experience developing robust, enterprise class software; proven technical leadership; excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to deal with ambiguity; advanced presentation skills.- 8 - 10 years demonstrated design and development experience with demonstrated visioning and innovation experience.- Great communication, ability to build excellent technical presentations for variety of audiences, strong influencing and collaboration skills- Master's degree in computer science or equivalent experience.Interested- Lets connect and take it forward. Company Profile: Talent Acceleration Corridor Leading client of Talent Acceleration Corridor Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details