TITLE: Manager - Process Reengineering/ Design - Six Sigma - Bank

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Strategic Partnership & Planning: Leads the identification, framing and execution of strategic initiatives across TRMS Operations to improve end-to-end operational performance through a team of managers, project managers and analysts. - Change Management & Innovation: Develops and/or influences new ideas/approaches. Establishes procedures, plans and practices which promote the adoption of appropriate solutions and sustainability of desired results in complex operational environments. Develops strategies to enhance decision making. - Results & Accountability: Ensures that effective controls are developed and maintained across the organization. Takes corrective action, as appropriate. Ensures that performance is aligned with mission, goals and outcomes and is completed within established timeframes. Monitors and evaluates moderately complex plans; focuses on results and measuring attainment of outcomes. - Resource Management: Responsible for managing a diverse team of high-performing operations professionals. Responsible for performance management, compensation decisions, rewarding and recognizing employees, and providing on-going, regular performance feedback - Reporting on progress of multiple work streams, providing regular updates to senior management - Responsible for complex statistical, cost and financial analysis of operations - Benchmarks industry technology and operational best practices to ensure competitive advantage - Lead and coach risk assessment analysis throughout the department. Drive a Zero Defect culture by managing controllable root-cause defects and ensure implementation of controls and minimize losses. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Keyskills Process Reengineering Six Sigma SharePoint OBIEE Project Management business process Resource Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications- BE / MBA from a top School having 2 - 7 years of work experience with Progressive 2 - 3 years of experience managing the development of business processes driving Reengineering projects in the BFSI domain.- Requires high degree of interpretation and analysis of somewhat obscure or inconclusive data.- Requires a high level of judgment to make appropriate decisions for diverse and undefined issues.- The ideal candidate will possess a balanced mix of quantitative, consultative, and facilitative/leadership skills.- Proven analytical/technical aptitude, i.e. statistics and the ability to carefully analyze large, complex data sets.- Demonstrated Leadership and Project Management experience.- Knowledge of principles and applications of statistical methods including statistical problem solving is required.- Change agent with the ability to influence at all levels of the organization.- Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills.- Demonstrated ability to work well in a team environment and work under tight deadlines.- Hands on Knowledge in utilizing Access, SharePoint, OBIEE.Preferred Qualifications- Certified Six Sigma Blackbelt / MBB having minimum of 2 - 7 years of experience .- MBA degree in a related subject.- Working knowledge and proven track record of success with the Toyota Production System: JIT, JIDOKA and HEIJUNKA.- Prior Black Belt experience or Certified Six Sigma Black Belt with demonstrated success leading projects. Company Profile: Search Light Leading client of Search Light Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details