TITLE: Chief Marketing Officer

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description You will be responsible for getting the business for the company and we will be handling all the productions whether local or International we have expertise in all. So your role is very crucial in the company, you can also be a co founder provided you have all the knowledge to get the business through clients. Everything related to marketing would be your responsibility & everything related film production is our responsibility. If Marketing guys like you and creative guys work with one mission then all things are possible. You should be self motivated to become rich. This opportunity is special. It's dynamic, it's attractive & it's glamorous. Also your growth is all yours. Applicants must have experience / knowledge of advertising agency. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Marketing Keyskills Chief Marketing Officer Marketing advertising Sales Planning Public Speaking Research Writing Territory Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements Candidate should have thorough understanding of advertising of marketing industry. Business expansion/identifying new business and converting into results. Excellent communication amp presentation skills. Understand and prepare precise, creative briefs. Write business proposals and make presentation. Understanding clients requirement and proactively approach them with innovative approach. Good understanding of both offline and online clients servicing requirements and capable of handling the clients operational needs comprehensively.KNOWLEDGE and SKILLS Business development executive positions require a bachelor#39s or MBA degree. Required 4-12 years of sales or marketing experience in Media & Advertising background.SkillsExperience in advertising. Networking, Persuasion, Prospecting, Public Speaking, Research, Writing, Closing Skills, Motivation for Sales, Prospecting Skills, Sales Planning, Identification of Customer Needs and Challenges, Territory Management, Market Knowledge, Meeting Sales Goals, Professionalism, Customer Request Management and Microsoft Office.Pay And BenefitsPay level varies depending on experience levelsamp interaction throughout interview. BEST PAY FOR BEST CANDIDATES. Company Profile: Shashidhar Films- Startup SHASHIDHAR FILMS is an AD FILM Production company based in Bangalore but has the ability to operate in 8 countries. It has associations with technicians all over the world and can handle any scale and kind of film productions. It has been started by an Hollywood graduate in filmmaking. We specialize in INTERNATIONAL SHOOTS.The production team is in place but need to induct the marketing team as well. It offers infinite opportunity of growth as a company and has an immense potential as a creative organization in the ever growing digital world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details