TITLE: Corporate Sales Manager - General Insurance

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Collecting information from clients in the market and assessing their insurance needs and risk profile. Maintaining ongoing relationships with clients including scheduling and attending meetings and understanding the nature of clients business. Should foresee the risk of clients insurance needs and policy renewals frequently. Researching insurance companies' policies and negotiating with underwriters to find the most suitable insurance for clients at the best price in the market. Advising clients on risk management and helping to devise new ways to mitigate risks. Ensuring clients and making him to understand the terms and the extent of the cover provided in the policy as per guidelines. Renewing or amending on existing insurance policies of clients. Marketing and acquiring new clients in the market frequently. Should maintain relationship with underwriters, surveyors/accessors, TPAs and claims department for all hassle free claims processing. Updating with changes in the insurance market and in the clients business. Collecting of insurance premiums and processing to accounts should be done and all correspondence related to MIS of business should be maintained coordinated with accounts team. Claims MIS should also be maintained by client wise and should be updated with intervals and should also be shared with claims team. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Marketing Sales Management New Client Acquisition Insurance Advising Claims Processing Risk Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. General Insurance Knowledge is must2. Preparing ,identifying, new market for insurance business3. Understanding of client insurance needs.4. Corporate business development experience 5. Corporate relationship Handling6. Ability to source corporate business7. Ability to retain the business Company Profile: Lead HR Services Pvt. Ltd. A Leading General Insurance Company in India The Company is a leading General Insurance company in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details