TITLE: Angularjs Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an AngularJS Developer responsible for the client side of our service. Your primary focus will be to implement a complete user interface in the form of a mobile and desktop web app, with a focus on performance. Your main duties will include creating modules and components and coupling them together into a functional app. The artistic design will be delivered to you, together with a few HTML templates, but we will ask for your help in regard to animations, CSS, and final HTML output. You will work in a team with the back-end developer, and communicate with the API using standard methods. A thorough understanding of all of the components of our platform and infrastructure is required. Responsibilities Delivering a complete front end application Ensuring high performance on mobile and desktop Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS Coordinating the workflow between the graphic designer, the HTML coder, and yourself Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process of building the RESTful API Communicating with external web services Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML CSS Javascript Web Services Web Technologies Front End Coding Graphic Designing HTML5 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills and QualificationsProficiency with JavaScript and HTML5 Professional, precise communication skills Deep knowledge of AngularJS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience Creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Ensuring a clear dependency chain, in regard to the app logic as well as the file system Ability to provide SEO solutions for single page apps Extensive knowledge of CSS and JS methods for providing performant visual effects and keeping the framerate above 30fps at all times Thorough understanding of the responsibilities of the platform, database, API, caching layer, proxies, and other web services used in the system Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback Writing non-blocking code, and resorting to advanced techniques such as multi-threading, when needed Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core AngularJS Experience with building the infrastructure for serving the front-end app and assets Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts Creating configuration, build, and test scripts for Continuous Integration environments Company Profile: T.I.G.E.R. INNOVATIONS - Startup T.I.G.E.R. Innovations is a company with technology as its forte." Our deep understanding of the requirements in today's market allows us to develop solutions that add tremendous value in every step of the process. We recognize that the key to customer satisfaction and our long-term success depends on our ability to anticipate customer needs and develop innovative solutions with new technologies that provide our customers with a distinct competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details