TITLE: Base SAS Programmer-bangalore- 5 yrs to 9 yrs

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Overview of Responsibilities: A SAS Programmer / Data Analyst is responsible for the design, development and maintenance of new and existing WPS (SAS) job suites which read and post-process system and traffic related performance data and create reports for internal and external customers. He/she will also develop and maintain the associated web based delivery tools. Finally the role also includes in-depth analysis of systems and application performance data in close collaboration with the Capacity Planning team. Major Responsibilities: Design, development, maintenance and enhancement of automated WPS (SAS) applications to create web based reports & analysis. Requirements gathering from internal/external customers Raw data analysis and exploration of new data sources Create the specification and job documentation Code the application using Base SAS or WPS/Macros/Graph/ODS Control-M job schedule specification for automated execution. Troubleshooting of existing jobs running on Linux. Amend WPS (SAS) code, common shell scripts, WEB pages, web tools, Control M-job schedules, etc. Regular maintenance of daily and historical databases Creation and maintenance of web delivery tools using Apache, Python, JavaScript and other open source tools Ad-hoc performance analysis on request from internal and external customers Active involvement in the specification of measurement strategies Validation of the quality of data sources and data integrity. Qualification (School, university, equivalent, etc.): University degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent. Know How / Skills: Proficient experience in WPS (V3 or later) and/or SAS Base programming (versions 9.1.3 or later) under UNIX/Linux/Windows WPS/SAS Macro coding and experience with WPS/SAS Graph, ODS, Proc SQL and Hash tables UNIX/Linux Shell scripting, UNIX/Linux user skills, SSH, FTP Basic PC skills using Windows, MS Office (especially Excel) Familiarity with Open Source tools (e. g. WINSCP, Eclipse, Mercurial, SSH) Knowledge of relational databases such as Oracle, MySQL Fluency in English, both written and spoken Good communication skills in a multicultural international environment, both written and spoken. Relevant Job Experience: 5-9 years experience as Data analyst or SAS Programmer At least 5 years of relevant job experience as a SAS or WPS programmer are mandatory Not essential, but a plus if present: Control-M and WPS/SAS STAT, Share skills Experience with Apache, JBOSS, and other web/Java servers Experience in web-based GUI programming Experience in performance data analysis For any queries contact : 080-67610209 or reach me at bhavya@blackwhite.in Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SAS Graph PROC SQL Macros MySQL base SAS oracle SAS ODS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Ed - Education, BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Incorporated in 2006, Black & White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd has been the training and staffing industry's leader and innovator, and today, has evolved as a premier provider of manpower for some of the fortune 500 companies for their junior/middle & executive talent management staffing needs. We work with our clients hand on hand to overcome the challenges they face in attracting / interviewing and retaining Junior / Middle & Top Management professionals, Black & White recruitment services range from executive, corporate governance, Top Management, ITES, IT and Non IT industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details