TITLE: Physical Design Engineer - Floor Planning/sta

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Qualifications : The ideal candidate will have 3+ years of physical design experience, with recent successful tape outs in deep submicron technologies (45nm and below). Strong knowledge of Full chip floor planning, partitioning and Detailed PD Flow. - Proven ability to handle team with respect to Block to full chip floor plan. - Proven ability to execute to stringent schedule and Strong communication skills with following responsibilities, - Block level and Full Chip Floor planning, Metal Layer estimation-planning, power planning, Full Chip Signoff closure. - You will also be responsible for driving methodology development, automation, collaborate with other design teams, share best practices followed. - Work independently and with multisite teams in the areas of RTL to GDSII implementation with focus on Floor planning. - Interact with various team comprising of block build, Design automation(CAD) and design technology teams to resolve various issues in timely manner. - Experienced in Synopsys ICC or EDS (SoCEncounter) tools used and their capabilities & underlying algorithms . - Sound expertise in Tcl, Perl, Shell scripting - Needs to work from customer site in the US during requirements of Project kick off, mid reviews and hand over. Technical Skill [Required] - Synopsys ICC, OR EDS/SoC Encounter Taking care of full chip SOC PD issues (including block and full chip floor planning, Flow development, Timing sign off, at 65, 45, 28nm and below. Qualification: BE/B.Tech/ME/M.Tech Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills Perl Floor Planning TCL Physical Design STA Timing ICC Synopsys Shell Scripting RTL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Allegro Solutions Leading client of Allegro Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details