TITLE: Associate Vice President Voice Operations - BPO - Banking - Bangalore

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Leader would be responsible for ensuring the operations are carried out as per the required SLAs, interact with the customer and plan completion of the project. The Leader would be responsible and accountable for all process deliverables pertaining to SLAs, KPIs around legal documentation review Role Description The Business Leader will be a key member of the team responsible for the execution & management of Operations and for providing subject matter expertise and oversight for one or more lines of business for the client. The ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing to support the maintenance of the program, as well as, strategic direction and goals of the firm is critical. On a monthly basis a detailed analysis will be prepared and presented to Senior Management and key stakeholders involved at Customer andÂ the company's Â end. The Business Leader will exercise independent judgment in performing the quality reviews while adhering to bank, AML, regulatory requirements and responsibilities outlined above. Other Responsibilities may include assisting with Ad hoc/special projects, etc. as assigned Must have experience: A proven track record with at least 12-14+ years of relevant banking /card operation experience. Experience and knowledge of banking regulatory requirements relevant to UK/US/Intl markets is essential Experience with Continuous Improvement Programs and/or reengineering. Managing teams in a BPO environment is essential Preferably Voice BPO background and managed multiple lines of business, E.g.-CRM, Collections Fraud prevention etc. Academic Qualifications Ideal candidate should have a degree in Banking or Finance or accounting An MBA will be an added advantage Key competencies required Strong analytical skills Working in a team environment Time management and ability to focus on task at hand Excellent communication and interpersonal skills required Detailed knowledge of call center operations, practices, and procedures. General This is full time position Working from home is not encouraged. Requires shift working The selected candidate will be required to clear a background verification check, as mandated by the customer as prior joining this role Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills BPO Call Center Operations Voice Senior Management Continuous Improvement Business Leadership voice operations banking bfsi process delivery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exclusive Search Recruitment Consultants A client of Exclusive Search A Multinational Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details