TITLE: Java / Big Data Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB Descriptions Role: Java/Bigdata Architect Exp 14-18years Work Location Bangalore (Global Village) Experience in Java, Weblogic, Oracle and Spark/Mega Modelling Modelling Experience is a must - Spark Global Role Will work with TAAB Team ZACHMAN knowledge Note: Candidate should be open to travel to Belgium for a year. Roles and Responsibilities: 1.1. Defines technical vision for the Project. 1.2. Defines architectural and design principles and requirements. 1.3. Ensures solutions being built are congruent with vision. 1.4. Leads evaluation of technologies to be incorporated into solution. 1.5. Assesses technical feasibility of business requirements. 1.6. Providing the technical connection between the project managers and developers. 1.7. Working with clients and advising them on key architectural decisions concerning the platform and the supporting technologies. 1.8. Evaluating projects from a technical stance, guaranteeing that the development methods used are correct and practical. 1.9. Signing off system requirements, identifying resources and estimating timelines for project completion. 1.10. Producing technical architectures that are modifiable, dependable and scalable. 1.11. Delivering solutions to customers including database consolidation, implementation, and application integration with stress on architectural services. 1.12. Document desired goals, outcomes or conditions of activities or activity sets and conduct analysis that identifies shortfalls, omissions and/or inefficiencies in achieving said goals. 1.13. Transform the business concepts into a business architecture that supports the design and integration of new business models. 1.14. Create various types of models based on the requirements/business rules. 1.15. Create integrated process maps and business architectures that serve as comparative frameworks for enterprise technology architectural planning, integrations, COTS gap analysis and retirement planning. 1.16. Create, update and manage all diagrams, documents and artifacts within the context of a defined methodology and reusable knowledge management repository. 1.17. Produce standard reports and deliverables to communicate with project teams and business users. 1.18. Create an enterprise, normalized view of business processes recognizing synergies and integration points for either business model or application development. 1.19. Perform strategic research discovery on new business models, formulate supporting business concepts, align concepts to business areas and present findings back to executive teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Oracle Java Weblogic Zachman Database Application Integration Application Development Architectural Design Big Data Architect Architect Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details