TITLE: Pega PRPC Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position : Pega PRPC Architect Experience : 10yrs to 16Yrs Joining Location: Pune , Â Hyderabad , Bangalore , Chennai , Kolkata , Delhi/NCRÂ Roles & Responsibilities : 1. As a Architect work with Client Stakeholders , Business Analysts and business owners directly 2. Provide direction to the team on achieving business and IT goals 3. Be accountable for technical solutions and quality of the software solutions delivered from offshore 4. Lead and drive design, architecture related enhancements to meet current and future business needs 5. Deliver on project, practice level initiatives CMMMi, Continuous Improvement 6. Build and lead business and functional domain capabilities of application system and integrating systems and applications 7. Provide appropriate status updates and manage project risks 8. Mentor and support team members on day to day assignments and technical and functional aspects of application 9. Mentor, onboard, and help retain new and existing team members Technical Skills : 1. Minimum 10 years of experience in software development in Pega-PRPC with at least 3 year in the role of Pega technical architect 2. Should have extensive experience in working on Pega projects using Scrum & Smart BPM methodologies. 3. Experience on at least one complete medium to large scale enterprise Pega-PRPC project involving integrations with other enterprise systems 4. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 5. Good experience in Estimation, Risk Assessment, Quality and Knowledge Management 6. Very good knowledge of good software engineering practicesÂ If interested please do share your Profile to s ubhendu@handigital.com or can call me on 080 61341542 Salary:INR 16,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Pega PRPC pega rules prpc and java pega Architect pega prpc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, M.Sc - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Han Digital Solution (P) Ltd MNC IT Services organization Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details