TITLE: Director - Product - Ecommerce

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description : A product manager is expected to have the right mix of objectivity (make data centric decisions) and customer empathy (understand the customer flow and iteratively improve on it). Ideal characteristics: 1. Guided by data - Not be intimidated by data. Ability to identify practical metrics to track progress on features/progress. 2. Product thinking - be able to visualize the high level objective of a feature, and at the same dive deep into how it would fit in with the rest of the product. 3. Agility and multi- tasking - be capable of being agile and yet handling multiple projects at hand. 4. Prioritizing skills - Should be able to make priority calls on features/sub- features that appear before the PM at any point in time - based on the competing facets of effort and impact. 5. Be the glue- A PM is the one person who knows most about the big picture and is expected to be the glue that holds together the various streams in a company such as engineering, design, qc, ops, finance, supply, and marketing. 6. Over- communicate - this is a trait that a PM should have mastered. Communication skills above par is a trademark of a good PM. 7. Clarity in thought- A PM should be able to put down her thoughts in a crystal clear manner - both verbally and in written form. PRD writing is an art form. 8. Design thinking- Find the middle- ground between what looks gorgeous and what can be implemented. 9. Decisive - a PM must be highly analytical, be able to take calculated risks and take decisions quickly. 10. Delegate - - A product leader is expected to distribute product responsibilities by taking into account the strengths and weaknesses of the team. 11. Roadmap- A product leader is expected to chart the future course of action for a product that she owns - short term, medium term, and long term. 12. Goals - Setting realistic, attainable, but yet challenging goals is something that is desired for leading any high energy team. 13. Leader - Represent the best interests of her product team in management meetings and lead from the front. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Marketing Product Management Director Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1. Engineering Degree (preferred but not necessary) followed by a Management Degree (preferred by not necessary)2. Experience as a Product Manager in an eCommerce company for 5- -6 years. Company Profile: Kelly Services Client of Kelly Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details