TITLE: Windows Video Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position will work with our core engineers and is responsible to research, analyze, investigate, develop, implement and validate advanced video processing algorithms like Scalable Video Coding(SVC), H.265, error resilience techniques and robust error recovery against severe packet drops. Demonstrated experience in real-time video processing. Research, design, implement, and validate algorithms and software solutions related to SVC, error resilience, H.265. Expert knowledge of libavcodec, libavformat etc required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Design Coding Software Engineering Software Solutions H.265 H.264 Video Codec Decode Encode Transcode streaming MPEG HEVC RTP RTSP HLS HTTP UDP Desired Candidate Profile Skills Required: A strong skillset in core multimedia video technology (decode/encode, video processing, display), system-level use cases (playback, capture, video conferencing, transcoding, streaming)Â Good knowledge on Audio video coding standards such as H264, MPEG HEVC etc Strong knowledge of streaming & networking protocols such as RTP, RTSP, HLS, Adaptive Bit Rate Streaming, HTTP, UDP ETC. Company Profile: Motivity Labs (P) Ltd. Motivity Labs is a mobile, cloud and big data solution provider with a global presence in India and the US. We are backed by a leading Venture Capital firm and work with Fortune 500 companies across multiple industries as well as innovative product companies in the mobile and cloud computing areas. Some of our projects include development and testing efforts for the largest software companies in the world, major wireless operators, Global mobile manufacturers and enterprise security product companies. We have also built and tested mobile applications for over 300 start-ups across the globe including some of the portfolio companies of the most prominent private equity and venture capital firms in Silicon Valley. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details