TITLE: Hiring for Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "The role of the Software Engineer is to design and implement software solutions to achieve the vision and strategy of the business. The ideal candidate will have experience with multi-tier website development using Java/J2EE technologies. The candidate will be an individual contributor within the software development team responsible for analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and implementation of new product features. Day to Day responsibilities include the following: Develop efficient and high quality code while meeting product release deadlines and implements solutions as directed within standards Maintain systems by monitoring and correcting software defects Write and maintain good technical design documentation and technical approach Assist leads to prepare time estimates for projects and software design plans Perform peer code reviews: verify extensibility, reusability and maintainability Develop and execute detailed test plans (unit testing and functional testing) Makes suggestions for problem solutions or software enhancements, which will typically be reviewed by a more senior developer. Executes on provided design Provides status updates for own scope of work within projects. Participates in internal team and status meetings. Production Support & Maintenance activities: Respond quickly to support issues and follow up till resolution Conduct thorough troubleshooting and provide quick resolution to production problems Follow up and provide timely reporting on issues to management Additional Information: (e.g. Shift Resource, % work that is development vs. maintenance, etc.) New development, enhancements, Support & maintenance mix. Required Technical Knowledge: - Understanding of basic infrastructure technologies o VMWare o NAS o Networking o Windows - Understanding of web technologies o HTTP, proxies o HTML, CSS o JavaScript o DOM, HTML parsing o Web browser security concepts - Understanding of application development technologies o Version control systems o Software staging Nice to have - Mainframe - Jcl - Tso Required Personality Characteristics: - Resourceful, analytical, open-minded and communicative person - Results driven attitude Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML Java TSO JCL Javascript DOM Vision Software Development Web Development Web Technologies VMWare NAS Networking Windows Spring Struts HTTP Version Control System Software Staging Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Thomson Reuters India Pvt Ltd Thomson Reuters is the world's leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. We combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, scientific, healthcare and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. With headquarters in New York and major operations in London and Eagan, Minnesota, Thomson Reuters employs more than 50,000 people in 93 countries. More information about Thomson Reuters and its financial performance can be found on www.ThomsonReuters.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details