TITLE: Consultant/ Senior Consultant - SCM Analytics - Consulting Firm

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SCM Analytics consultant for one of MNC consulting company Job Description : We are looking for Consultants/Sr. Consultants for its Supply Chain Operations practice, who has a professional background and career interest in Supply Chain Consulting. - The candidate must be driven, energetic and analytical with great interpersonal skills and willingness to be part of a fast paced work environment. - These positions will work closely with and report to a Senior Manager or Manager. The primary duties will depend on the project scope and the candidate's specific role within the team. - Most roles require high level of face to face interaction with clients, ability to perform analytical work (Excel/Access/SQL, etc) and present recommendations via PowerPoint/other formats to senior leadership team. Responsibilities : - You will work with Senior Staff from our clients to design and deliver actionable supply chain design solutions an products. - Your primary roles will be to review and validate data, build optimization models, run scenarios, and develop output reports. Position responsibilities are as follows : - Solid subject matter expertise in demand planning, supply planning, capacity planning, and Integrated Demand & Supply Planning processes - Work closely with the project manager to gather, manipulate, analyze, summarize and report client data - Collaborate with client teams to identify, diagnose, communicate and resolve issues with data - Identify and communicate issues that may impact project schedule or quality - Contribute to the design of the optimization model; build models according to specifications - Own parts of the analysis and drive them to completion, involving the client and project manager as appropriate - Develop comprehensive output reports from optimization scenarios - Work closely with the project manager to design, develop, and integrate material for client presentations - Support the project manager during presentations to the client - Develop and maintain positive client relationships - Impeccable integrity, passion for supply chain consulting, creative, and energetic - Significant and documented project experience involving solution design and implementation - Critical thinker with strong analytical and problem solving skills - Excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills - Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skills - Ability to work in an ambiguous environment and take initiative - Commitment to personal growth, practice growth, and client success on every project Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Senior Outside Consultant Keyskills Project Management Demand Planning Supply Chain Consulting Project Scheduling SCM Supply Planning Supply Chain Operations Solution Design Capacity Planning Consultant SCM Analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications :The ideal candidate will :- Hold a Master's degree (MBA) or equivalent from a leading institution in industrial engineering, operations research, supply chain management, logistics, or related major- Previous external consulting experience is mandatory. Experience in supply chain consulting or a project-based role at a Fortune 500 company is preferred- Have two or more years of experience in using quantitative methods to analyze supply chain decisions- Demonstrate a track record of delivering results as a part of a project team (focus on supply chain network design is preferred)- Exposure to Lllamasoft Supply Chain Guru, JDA Supply Chain Strategist, and/or IBM LogicNet Plus, or similar supply chain modeling environments- Have superior and creative problem-solving skills- Possess excellent communication and presentation skills- Have advanced skills in managing large data via relational databases- Manage multiple tasks and priorities concurrently and work well under tight timelines Company Profile: Edinture We are a Skill development company founded by Industry veterans to fulfill skill gap existing in market today. We specialize in Entry Level Talent Management solutions cutting across the complete life cycle of Sourcing, Assessments, Training and On-boarding. Our innovative and customized solutions will help you in drastically cutting down the cost and time of hiring and training. Our end-to-end Talent Management Services include 'Hire the Assessed', 'Hire and Train' and 'Train the Hired'. ? We also provide learning development service by working with public, private, and schools in the K12 school sector. The Education Company works directly with school administrators, teachers, and support staff to solve the most pressing discipline challenges in schools today. We offer professional services to fulfill the needs of schools, students, parents, teachers and all those in the K12 spectrum. The complete range of exceptional and cost effective education solutions are designed to leverage every student's inert potential to excel. We have a proven reputation for excellence in providing maximum flexibility and consolidation of teaching-learning resources. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details