TITLE: Director/ Sr.director/head of Engineering: Big Data , AI and ML

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About [24]7 - Innovation labs Brand name: [24]7 Inc Data is changing human lives at the core - we collect so much data about everything, use it to learn many things and apply the learnings in all aspects of our lives. [24]7 is at the fore front of applying data and machine learning to the world of customer acquisition and customer engagement. Our customer acquisition cloud uses best of ML and AI to get the right audiences and our engagement cloud powers the interactions for best experience. We service Fortune 100 enterprises globally and hundreds of millions of their customers every year. We enable 1.5B customer interactions every year. We work on several challenging problems in the world of data processing, machine learning and use artificial intelligence to power Smart Agents. How do you process millions of events in a stream to derive intelligence? How do you learn from troves of data applying scalable machine learning algorithms? How do you switch the learnings with real time streams to make decisions in sub 300 msec at scale? We work with the best of open source technologies - Akka, Scala, Undertow, Spark, Spark ML, Hadoop, Cassandra, Mongo. Platform scale and real time are in our DNA and we work hard every day to change the game in customer engagement. We believe in empowering smart people to work on larger than life problems with the best of technologies and like-minded people. We are a Pre-IPO Silicon Valley based company with many global brands as our customers - Hilton, eBay, Time Warner Cable, Best Buy, Target, American Express, Capital One and United Airlines. We touch more than 300 M visitors online every month with our technologies. We have one of the best work environments in Bangalore. Opportunity We are looking for a senior engineering leader for our big data platform team in Bangalore. This person shall be responsible for all of development, testing and release of several data platform components - Instrumentation, Stream Processing, Data Pipelines and Analytics. You will have complete autonomy and will drive the product execution working closely with other organizations - Service Delivery, Account Management and Customers. You will be attracting, hiring and retaining great talent that helps the Organization to deliver value to our customers and build market differentiation. Must Have Behavioral * Loads of energy and can-do attitude to take problems by their horns and solve them. * Entrepreneurial spirit to conceive ideas, turn challenges into opportunities and build products. * Ability to inspire people to do the unimagined and go beyond their comfort lines. * Outstanding written and presentation skills to rally large group of people behind the company's vision. Organizational * Experience managing large organizations of 50-100 people spanning multiple disciplines - Engineering, QE, Program. * Experience in starting small and growing the organization will be a plus. * Should have managed sizable organizations for at least 5+ years. * Proven record of investing in and growing people in the organization. Engineering * Should have grown up the ranks as a strong individual contributor with outstanding contributions. * Outstanding technical acumen and deep understanding of problems with distributed systems and scale with strong orientation towards open source. * Experience managing platforms that have 99.99% uptime requirements and have scale. * Experience in driving agile organizations with modern engineering practices of automated testing and deployment. * You should be able to roll up your sleeves and start debugging and/or coding if required. Technology background * Strong preference with experience in open source technologies: Kafka, Hadoop, Akka, Scala, Spark, Storm and Machine Learning. * Experience in deploying web applications, services that run across thousands of servers globally with very low latency and high uptime. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Data platform Director Senior Director Head of Engineering Big data Distribution System Scalability Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D - Advertising/Mass Communication, Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 24/7 Inc www.247-inc.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details