TITLE: Manager/senior Manager - Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities : - Interacting with client/onsite team to understand client's business problems, defining, executing and delivering the analytical solution to the business problems - Conceptualize the analytical methodology for business problems and propose an end-to-end process flowchart for the project/business problem with possible set of statistical solutions. - Responsible for discussing and finalizing the above methodology with the client, getting their buy-in, and guiding the offshore resources on the selected procedures. - Communicate expectations and establish deadlines in agreement with client and delivery team. - Understand the nature of the data and how it relates to the problem at hand. - Manage operational workflow and ensure seamless delivery for both quick turnaround analysis and long term projects. - Ensure delivery is smooth and error free. - Communicate analysis and recommendations to all levels of the business through written and verbal communications. Follow up with client for any modifications and feedback. - Carry out all aspects of project management including work planning, estimation, scope refinement, quality and delivery - Communicate difficult messages to the client with persuasiveness and sensitivity so that delivery and business is not impacted - Have excellent skills in making developing power-point presentations and sales collateral. - Being part of sales presentations and contributing to RFPs/RFIs thereby being able to win new business from existing and new clients. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills Analytics manager Senior Manager Analytics SQL PLSQL VBA project management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A - Economics, Maths, Statistics, B.Sc - Maths, Statistics, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, M.Sc - Maths, Statistics, M.A - Economics, Maths, Statistics Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualification & Experience :- 5+ yrs of experience into Marketing/Retail /Social Media/ Supply Chain/ Loyality Analytics- Bachelor's or Master's degree in Economics/ Statistics/Econometrics/ Mathematics/ Engineering and Operations Research- Ability to think: Possess strong analytical/logical thinking skills.- Strong structured problem solving skills- Experience with statistical software such as SQL, R, etc- Excellent skills in writing SQL, PLSQL & stored procedures.- Experience working with US clients- Excellent MS skills to present data tables and charts- Proven experience in MS Excel, VBA & Tableau for reporting and visualization of data analysisExp. -7 -15 yrs Company Profile: FactSpan Analytics Factspan is a pure play analytics company. We provide the expertise services that organizations need to establish their own analytics center of excellence. We understand the complexities of running a business. Our dedicated team of data scientists and consultants partner with the clients to provide analytics tools and solutions which organizations need every day to take data driven decisions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details