TITLE: Director, Easy Ship & MFN Fulfillment Channels

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Director, Easy Ship & MFN Fulfillment Channels, Amazon India Are you a customer obsessed, smart and analytical, strategic yet execution focused, hungry and passionate about e-commerce, experienced, entrepreneurial leader with a strong work ethic? Amazon Seller Services offers services to sellers in India to scale their sales and reach. See amazon. in/ sell for details of products and services. As Director, Fulfillment Channels, you will have the exciting opportunity to help shape the way Amazon India fulfills customer orders, enable hundreds and thousands of small/ medium sellers and large enterprises in India to reach millions of consumers, and play a crucial role in influencing seller success on Amazon. in through operational excellence. Job Description: As the General Manager of Easy Ship & MFN fulfillment channels, you will work in a dynamic and fast paced environment, to lead high caliber product, business and operations teams. Easy Ship fulfillment channel was innovated specifically to help Indian sellers. You and your team will be responsible for driving business strategy, product vision, roadmap, implementation (with technology teams), product marketing, adoption (with sales teams), P&L management and operations. Your success will be measured by the impact of your products on selection, seller enablement, end to end delivery experience and end consumer convenience- which are key inputs of our business. You will be responsible for solving difficult problems that do not have obvious solutions across complex topics such as lifting seller capabilities, transportation and fulfillment solutions and seller performance management to build long-term business opportunity. Operating in a fast-moving and sometimes ambiguous environment you will work autonomously taking full control and responsibility for hitting business objectives. This role provides opportunities to develop original ideas, approaches, and solutions in a competitive and ever changing business climate. Key Responsibilities: Own end to end business strategy, product launches, operations and financials, driving operational efficiencies and lower costs so that we can pass on the value to our sellers. Lead the development of the product strategy, vision, roadmap and feature launches Own and drive pricing strategy and execution for Easy Ship & MFN fulfillment channels based on value proposition to the sellers and help them succeed profitably on Amazon. in. Drive operational rigor/ excellence and continue to raise the bar on operational metrics. Manage prioritization and trade-offs among customer and seller experience, performance and operational support load Proactively identify and resolve strategic issues that may impair the teams ability to meet strategic, financial, and technical goals Hire and manage a team of world-class product, business and operations managers, providing guidance and direction to achieve the product vision and strategy Partner with sales, category management and operations teams to drive adoption The Successful Candidate Will Demonstrate: The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and ecommerce challenges, with the ability to build compelling and enduring products for sellers of all sizes. This person will also be a very strong general manager, with experience managing complex and multi functional teams. The leader should be renowned for his or her customer centric product vision, with extensive product management experience with B2B or B2C products. This highly analytical builder will have successfully managed business models, customer and market segmentation for B2B or B2C products. To be successful in this role you will need to have superior analytical, communication, presentation and organizational skills. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree 15+ years of leadership experience operating, managing, and delivering results for complex businesses Experience building and managing successful teams MBA preferred 10+ years of Product Management or Business Management, Program Management equivalent experience delivering software or online products to market. Strong General Management skills, managing cross functional teams with end to end business ownership Strong analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations, and drive actions. Experience managing businesses through KPIs, audit mechanisms and flawless execution. Proven success in delivering products and services in a high growth environment. Strengths in problem solving, issue-resolution, ability to work in a deadline-driven work environment, attention to detail, and ability to multitask Strong verbal and written communication skills with a demonstrated experience engaging and influencing senior executives. Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, sales, operations, category management and other stakeholders to deliver and manage products/ services. Proven ability to successfully thrive in an ambiguous environment and changing market conditions. Simplifier who also thinks big, takes smart risks, is innovative and can think out of the box. Develops original ideas, approaches, and solutions to typical, unusual, or difficult situations or problems. Thinks strategically, but stays on top of tactical executionStrong team player, is an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards. Location - This position is based out of Bangalore, India and will require occasional travel to US. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Sales Operations Product Marketing Product Strategy Product Management Program Management Category Management Business Strategy Market Segmentation Business Operations Operations Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Amazon Many of the problems we face have no textbook solution, and so we-happily-invent new ones. Jeff Bezos, 2010 Shareholder letter. Amazon. com a place where builders can build. We hire the worlds brightest minds and offer them an environment in which they can invent and innovate to improve the experience for our customers. A Fortune 100 company based in Seattle, Washington, Amazon is the global leader in e-commerce. Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to apparel and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United States, and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Technological innovation drives the growth of Amazon, offering our customers more selection, convenient shopping, and low prices. Amazon Web Services provides developers and small to large businesses access to the horizontally scalable state of the art cloud infrastructure like S3, EC2, AMI, CloudFront and SimpleDB, that powers Amazon. com. Developers can build any type of business on Amazon Web Services and scale their application with growing business needs. We want you to help share and shape our mission to be Earths most customer-centric company. Amazons evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of invention that is part of our DNA. We do this every day by inventing elegant and simple solutions to complex technical and business problems. Were making history and the good news is that weve only just begun. Join us in this revolution! Amazon teams in India work on complex technology challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses, including Amazon websites across the world as well as support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store. We are proud to have some of the finest Engineering Talent, Machine Learning Scientists, Product Visionaries and Strong Leaders with proven experience working to make Amazon the Earths most customer-centric company. We made our foray into the Indian market with the launch of Junglee. com, enabling retailers in India to advertise their products for free to millions of Indian shoppers and drive targeted traffic to their stores. In 2013, we launched www. amazon. in for shoppers in India. With www. amazon. in, we endeavor to give customers more of what they want low prices, vast selection, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient online shopping experience. We will continue to strive to become a trusted and meaningful sales and logistics channel for retailers of all sizes across India. For us it is always Day 1 and we will relentlessly focus on expanding selection and raising the bar for customer experience in India. Amazon India offers opportunities where you can dive right in, work with smart people on challenging problems and make an impact that contributes to the lives of millions. Join us so you can Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details