TITLE: Talent Acquisition Lead | Fast Expanding Global Education Co | BLR

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Headquartered in Singapore, with development centers in Delhi and Bangalore, our client has gained a reputation as one of the most exciting education companies in the world today. Their core capability lies in the learning, teaching, and assessment of K-8 children. They aim to develop the unafraid child that can compete in the 21st Century; equipped with thinking skills and the confidence to solve problems. Its flagship school program educates 10,00,000 children, through 70,000 reskilled teachers, in 2,000 schools across India and in nearby countries. They are also developing a comprehensive, out-of- school, online learning platform using their highly refined understanding of the problem-solving approach. Utilizing gaming and analytics technologies, they are building an adaptive problem solving world where children can experiment with problems in their own way and at their own pace, while generating insightful data and feedback for themselves and their teachers. In 2010, it raised its first capital from Lighthouse's India 2020 Fund. In 2014 it reached half a million students, and in 2015 it did it's first acquisition of an emerging Ed-Tech company. As a Talent Acquisition Manager , you will be responsible for discovering talent, building a strong employment brand and ensuring great relationships with both candidates and prospective employees. Your key responsibilities will be as follows : Develop recruitment strategy. This may include job posting optimization, recruiting marketing channel development, job board procurement, digital and non-digital employment marketing, comprehensive recruitment campaign planning, talent planning, etc. Identify and source appropriate talent for current open roles within the organization Identify future talent needs and proactively recruiting and sourcing; develop talent pool or social engagements. Manage the recruitment process and life-cycle, including initial assessments, interviews, and offers. Counsel the candidate on benefits, salary, and environment. Develop campus recruiting programs Initiate and participate in the selection process for senior leadership positions Be the face of the company to prospective hires Work with vendors for recruiting talent Develop and execute an employee referral program Salary:INR 13,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills Education Talent Acquisition campus hiring recruitment drives mass hiring leadership hiring HR talent management employee engagement human resources HR and Recruitment and IR HR Business Partner Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization MBA from a premier B-schoolShould be able to represent the brand in front of prospective senior level hires.Good verbal and written communication skillsAble to adjust to a fast paced and dynamic startup environment Company Profile: Unnati Edtech Startup Our client is a proven and research based academic program for schools that builds thinking skills and problem solving confidence in children. The firm is an innovative K to 12 startup focused on enhancing school learning with high-quality proprietary curriculum, training, and assessment capability. Their learning programs raise the level of learning in classrooms by integrating well researched curriculum with ongoing teacher development, application oriented student resources and skill based assessment. They lead from the front in the widespread pursuit of a better, more effective approach to education. Every year, they host several national and global events to forward the cause of better learning, effective teaching and all round improvement in the education systems across the world. They are genuinely passionate about making a quality education accessible to every child in the world.nThey are headquartered in Singapore, with development centers in Delhi and Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details