TITLE: Language Platform Engineer (java)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sometimes it is good to be very obsessed. And sometimes being obsessed is the only way out. For this critical job - that of a customer-facing language platform engineer (Java) who works with the tech and business teams - we believe in nothing short of the latter. Before we even get started on some of the tech skills, let us emphasize the absolute need for great communication skills for this role - both the written and the spoken word. Let us also stress on the essential element of having courageous team players on board for this customer-facing role. A great grasp on technology to quickly develop a deep understanding of Reveries products and a knack of comprehending the clients business is also a must have. If you feel confident about these, read on. We also want you to have: An experience with programming or commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) implementation of Android applications. The ability to code implementation solutions using Android when necessary Database knowledge and experience with SQL programming Good exposure and experience in requirements gathering, design, implementation, and support of solutions The ability to help configure the platform for better performance and scalability And when you write to us, dont forget to point us to your github repository, if you have one. Tell us about the apps you have coded up, or help implement. Tell us about the developer communities you are a part of. Pepper your response with hyperlinks to all of these. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Android Database SQL Scalability Platform Engineer SQL programming requirements gathering design implementation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Reverie Language Technologies - Startup Reverie builds technologies that are bridging the language divide in the digital world. Content from apps and portals can be delivered in multiple languages in real-time through Reverie's Language-as-a-Service (LaaS) cloud platform. The LaaS platform provides localisation services such as local-language translation, transliteration, input, and search through a set of APIs. It is a plug-and- play concept, which can be integrated into the business infrastructure. It enables people to consume digital content in their preferred language. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details