TITLE: Pre-sales Manager or Bid Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION: Pre-Sales Manager EXPERIENCE: 10+ years INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE: Market Research (Pharma/Life sciences/Healthcare) EDUCATION: Graduate with MBA in Sales and Marketing LOCATION: Bangalore, India About Manthan Services: Manthan Services is focused on providing marketing research and analytical services in healthcare and retail / CPG sectors, enabling our clients to make strategic decisions around product launch, branding, promotions, countering competitive threats, entering & developing newer markets. Manthan prides itself as a committed customer centric organization, built around an entrepreneurial culture with a strong bias for innovation Manthan Services has consistently shown 50% plus y-o-y growth driven by rapid customer acquisition and building on existing client relationships. Manthan HC Communities The Business Unit focuses on building healthcare professionals communities in North America and Europe. These communities help our clients understand commercial decision making in the sector and devise better marketing and sales plans. OVERVIEW OF ROLE: Manthan Services Pre-sales team is keen to bring on board a Manager with 10 + years experience in team management, quotation/proposal management, pricing, client communication in the Market Research domain. As an individual contributor will collaborate with clients team, Manthan sales team and Manthans partners across geographies and enable sales. This role will require working in US and EU time zones. BROAD RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage the bid review process to ensure the most effective and efficient sales strategies are adopted, solutions are developed for each opportunity. Act as a key interface point for the sales teams Enable, lead and coach individual pre-sales team members to ensure their targets are exceeded. Â Â Â Â Â Â Create clear client centric vision, strategy and goals that create business impact. Inspiring leader that gets the best performance out of the team. Establishes a culture where team is action oriented and operates with a sense of urgency. Prepare cost estimates through proper pricing structures and write proposals. Articulate solution and benefits in the proposal documents and presentations. Maintain & improve on RFQ conversion rate across all accounts. Work closely with all departments to identify and develop new services, along with the appropriate pricing strategy. Frequently update documents such as panel book, feasibility tool, rate cards, etc. Work collaboratively with sales leads, delivery heads, vendors in different countries to sell the overall solution to customers. Demonstrate skills in customer-centric selling, supporting the sales team in closing deals by providing technical and functional support. Highly desirable to demonstrate market awareness in terms of upcoming technologies, vendor offerings and competitors and their pricing. Manage excellent relationship with customers, vendors and other key stake holders. PRE-REQUISITES FOR THE ROLE: 10 years experience in pre-sales or service delivery and vendor / proposal management in Market Research domain.Â Strong knowledge of end-to-end Market Research service offerings specifically healthcare panels & data collection in North America, Latin America, Europe & APAC Understanding of managed services business and the significance of SLAs, SOPs, periodic reporting and escalation matrices. In-depth understanding of commercials and pricing models for Market Research industry. Experience in handling prospects, vendors, customers / clients across the globe. Adaptability, flexibility and the ability to do the right thing under pressure and tight deadlines Should be proficient in MS Excel, Word, and Outlook. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Pre Sales Role:Bid Manager Keyskills Marketing Research Sales Strategy Promotions Bid Management Presales Selling Branding Product Launch Proposal Management Market Research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manthan Software Services Pvt. Ltd. Manthan Systems is a provider of specialised software solutions for the retail and consumer goods industries. Manthan understands retail business practices and their technology underpinnings; having worked with a wide range of food, non-food, speciality merchandise, catalogue, convenience store retailers and consumer goods companies. The Manthan team with their experience of working with Tier I retailers & CPG companies recognizes that they face a steady stream of tactical, operational, and strategic decision challenges. The speed at which these companies can perform business analysis and manage the enterprise decision-making process, ultimately determines their market position and financial results. Manthan?s products and services enable operational and strategic decision-making by leveraging innovative business methods and models. Our mission is to create sustainable competitive advantage for global retailers and CPG majors by assuming their ?Chief Analytics Officer? role. Manthan possesses a rich blend of mathematicians, functional experts and technologists, many of whom are PhDs in relevant fields. This provides Manthan with the unique capability to create innovative solutions, which helps their clients become successful businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details