TITLE: Hrt Data Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HR Technology Data Lead Human Resource Technology (HRT) is the central steward for the design, build, and asset management for the firm's Human Capital technology across all lines of business and global regions. JP Morgan is competitive across the financial services industry in our workforce strategy capabilities. In partnership with our HR business partners and service providers we deliver solutions that meet the requirements of our key clients - JP Morgan employees. HRT provides technology support for staffing and on-boarding, employee records, payroll, talent management, compensation, benefits, learning, employee and manager service, workforce planning and analytics, and back office call center operations. The HR Technology Platform & Planning Systems currently manages a diverse portfolio which includes next generation analytics, legacy planning tools, as well as the firms data warehouse related to our best in class workers. Candidate Profile The ideal candidate will possess strong leadership, communication & design skills in the data warehousing technology. The candidate is expected to lead a team of developers to deliver Innovative solutions in the area of warehousing and analytics as well as collaborate with business partners to develop appropriate business solutions. This is a hands on role where the candidate will also be responsible to work with the team and provide support for existing PSP data strategy applications. Key Responsibilities - Liaison with the clients to understand business needs, communicate technology plans - Detail technical design and architecture of warehousing solutions. - Ensure timely and high quality delivery by managing day to day work of individuals on the team, conducting regular project meetings, design reviews etc.. - Produce detailed technical specifications from functional requirements and liaise with the business analysts and projects team on the design and technical implementation of solutions - Hands on development and support as and when needed. - Performance tuning - Work to help improve stability and quality of application by identifying gaps and risk in the process and building solutions to help address these. - Perform issue investigation and resolution, in a timely manner. - Ensure that risks and issues are escalated and addressed in a timely manner - Keep abreast of latest technological advances in the area of data-warehousing. Bring new, innovative ideas to the table. Experience - Minimum 15 years of relevant experience, with majority of it in enterprise scale warehousing application design and development - Proven experience in leading development teams. - Primary technologies: Oracle, ETL tool experience preferably Informatica, BI tool experience - preferably Business Objects - Experience in Business Intelligence tools such as QlikView, Tableu would be preferred. - Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop eco system, spark etc.. is a strong plus - Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast moving environment. - Good oral and written communication skills. - Work with team across location. - Driven by passion and energy. Self-motivated. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills oracle development informatica business objects business intelligence human resource performance tuning service analytics payroll Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification Bachelors' degree in Computer Engineering or related field of study. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details