TITLE: Technical Architect - Data Structure/algorithm - Dotcom

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Areas of Responsibility : - Work closely with Product, Engineering, Sales, PS team with direct responsibilities for the overall technology roadmap - Translation of complex functional and technical requirements into detailed project plans and schedules; implementing and maintaining a coherent, progressive development strategy for our product line - Independently driving design from concept to prototype and transition the implementation approach to Engineering - Collaborating with others to create and maintain System Architecture, roadmap, requirements and interfaces - Coordinating with Product Management and Engineering to ensure excellent usability and user experience - Owning Application, Platform and Data layer Architecture with active participation in creating and evolving Product and Technology Roadmap - Evolution of the software engineering practice within the organization, including better reporting tools, and evolution of development methodology Develop the best technical design and approach for new product development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Sales Engineering Dotcom New Product Development Product Management User Experience Product Engineering System Architecture Technical Design Reporting Tools Software Engineering Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Incumbent will be architecting our futuristic web products and choose the best technologies, components and subsystems on different server side tech. - Design/development experience in building massively large scale distributed internet systems and products. - Hands-on experience in .NET and frameworks, backend JavaScript frameworks, MySQL/NoSQL etc. - Excellent data structure & algorithm and problem solving skills.Driving innovations in the product constantly to remain ahead of the curve. - Serve as a thought leader and mentor on technical, architectural, design and related issues. - Proactively identify architectural weaknesses and recommend appropriate solutions. - Balance short-term versus long-term actions, strategic versus tactical requirements, while continuing to move forward towards the strategic vision. - Collaborate with cross functional teams to solve complex problems and building products spanning across multiple teams to deliver end-to-end products & features. - Estimates efforts, identify risks, devises and meets project schedules. - Provide functional, design, and code reviews in related areas of expertise with-in team and cross-team. - Mentor / coach engineers to facilitate their development and provide technical leadership to them. Company Profile: Strivex Consulting Pvt Ltd Leading client of Strivex Consulting Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details