TITLE: Director of Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Director of Technology An exciting US-based startup in the B2B space is looking for a Director of Technology. The Director of Technology is responsible for leading software architecture and engineering efforts for the complete product line. In this business-critical role, the Director of Technology will apply their extensive knowledge of software architecture to manage software development tasks associated with developing, debugging and designing software applications, operating systems and databases according to current and future design specifications. The Director of Technology will enhance existing product software and envision improvements to the platform architecture. The Director of Technology must demonstrate a proven ability to combine superb hands-on technical skills, mastery of full-stack development and experience in large scale distributed systems with exemplary leadership skills. The candidate will also possess the ability to mentor and grow team members and instill best practices to accelerate the team's ability to deliver quality software. This position reports directly to the CEO. QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS: The successful candidate should possess: - 7-15 years of experience in software architecture and leading software development teams - Strong background in open-source back-end technologies (e.g. Java, OLTP/OLAP database systems, Linux/Unix); familiarity with big data technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL) a plus. Expert in Java and SQL and proficient in one or more scripting languages. - Expertise in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Expertise developing and consuming RESTful Web services. - Strong background in front-end technology and UI/UX design (e.g. JavaScript, Angular, React.js, HTML, CSS). - Good knowledge of cloud computing infrastructure (e.g. AWS, Azure) - Expertise in deploying test driven development and automated testing across teams moving towards continuous delivery - Hands-on experience with build and deploy tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Jira, Git, Confluence, Selenium, Mockito etc. - Previous experience in Enterprise B2B SaaS based environments. - Extensive expertise in data integration for analytic use cases. - Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline required. Masters degree in Computer Science or a related discipline preferred. - Minimum of five years of experience working in a SCRUM/Agile development environment. - Deep knowledge of enterprise software and/or distributed systems. - Strong track record of hiring, retaining, developing and motivating top-tier technical talent and translating the company culture and values into specific technical objectives. - Ability to coach others to build on strengths and improve on weaknesses, while providing and listening to regular, honest feedback; grow a new generation of functional leaders, as well as recruiting and developing talent from a diverse range of backgrounds. - Demonstrated leadership skills across multi-cultural, geographically distributed teams. - Proven success implementing Agile software development methodologies, while establishing and maintaining pragmatic engineering best practices (e.g. code reviews, testing, continuous delivery). - Willingness and ability to participate and be included in new areas quickly and intelligently. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills - Ability to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines in a fast-paced environment - Prior architect-level experience driving product architecture, large-scale commercial product development initiatives and effectively guiding a highly technical product from vision to delivery - Experience focused on transformation aspects including shared services, operational improvement and outsourcing/offshoring. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 25,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Java Javascript NoSQL Web Services SQL Azure GIT SAAS B2B SaaS Analytics BI SOA Open Source Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fealti Fealti is creating the next generation customer engagement platform for B2B SaaS companies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details