TITLE: Analyst - CCB SEC & Reg. Reporting

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: This position is responsible for providing accounting and regulatory reporting support for the Consumer & Community Banking line of business. This role will collect information directly from various accountings systems and from sub line of business submissions and consolidate the information for use in preparing various SEC, FED, OCC and FDIC related financial reports. Job responsibilities will primarily focus on preparing various regulatory reports and investigating and explaining variances in account balances. Individual will also ensure supporting information is properly maintained according to the retention policy standards. Initial focus will be on weekly report filings with some involvement in the collection of quarterly and annual schedules in support of bank regulatory filings. The role will require regular interactions with Accounting and Finance related to submissions and Corporate Financial Reporting related to review and submission of report filings. Individual may also assist with preparation of supporting information as required by external auditors or regulatory authorities and participate in various projects aimed at improving processes and controls. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills financial reporting sap us gaap analytical microsoft excel problem solving retention multitasking standards emea Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications: &bull; Chartered Accountant &bull; Minimum 2 years of professional accounting experience. &bull; Knowledge of US GAAP. &bull; Solid problem solving, analytical and creative thinking skills. &bull; Teamwork and communication skills (written and verbal) required. &bull; Microsoft Excel Required &bull; Microsoft Access Preferred &bull; SAP experience -Required &bull; Strong multitasking and organizational skills. &bull; Willingness to work in EMEA shift which may stretch into US shift on some critical business days Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details