TITLE: Opportunity with Storage Based Company for Firmware Dev+storage(nvme)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from CareerNet.. We have a good Job opportunity with product based company in Bangalore , hence wanted to check your interest for the same. Please find the job description below for your reference. If you are interested, please mail me your updated profile along with following details. Cureent CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Job Description: Relevant Experience 8-17 years of design and development experience. Experience in Storage/Embedded system design and implementation using Assembly, C and/or C++ languages, software debug/analysis tools. The position requires strong knowledge of operating systems internals (Linux and Windows based), system processors, PCI based buses & peripherals and pre-boot environments (BIOS and UEFI). Prior experience in developing SSD firmware in FTL (Flash Translation layer), host interface and NAND facing areas is desirable. Prior experience in similar roles is desired. Skills Deep understanding of Server and storage subsystems, microprocessors/multicore architectures, NUMA, MSIX , I/O systems and protocols (HDD, SAS/SATA/SCSI/NVMe), Good programming skills in C, C++ and assembly language. Deep hands-on experience in design, development of storage FW and system software under Linux and Windows environments. Proven expertise in leading design, development and troubleshooting complex problems in embedded environments. Preferably storage controller firmware Development and debugging skills involving the use of software debuggers, ICEs, and protocol or logical analysers. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Networks with key stake holders from other internal functions such as product test, product management and program management to deliver solutions to key problems Good written communication skills and the ability to articulate clearly and influence peers and superiors to obtain desired outcomes. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Firmware Development Firmware HDD SSD SATA SCSi ISCSI raid Nvme Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details