TITLE: Lead Product Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Exp:5 to 7yrs Location:Bangalore NP:Max 15 Days Interview:week Days(Monday to Friday) JD:Roles and Responsibilities As a scrum master you are responsible to benchmark and improve the team velocity and maintain the scrum process for various product lines. You will be reporting to the delivery manager for products. Major activities are Design and architect features in the existing product, to ensure that the product is mature and adapts well to future changes. Lead a team of engineers to deliver the product as per Product managers requirement using scrum (Agile) Perform design reviews and code-reviews Mentor team member and ensure career growth. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Agile Scrum Master Delivery Management Product Engineering core Java J2EE basics Spring Framework Hibernate ORM Product Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Mandatory skills/ knowledge:1. Well versed in core Java, J2EE basics, Spring Framework, Hibernate ORM2. Working experience in delivering projects using Angular JS and Bootstrap3. Good experience designing and consuming Web Services ( both SOAP and Restful)4. Past experience in being a part of scrum teams5. Expose to J2EE Application optimisation and performance tuning on either IBM Websphere or JBoss EAP.6. Working experience in designing software systems using mature enterprise architecturePreferred skills and knowledge:1. Working knowledge of Mongo DB2. Working experience developing mobile applications using Apache Cordova or Phonegap3. Experience with any BPM engine such as IBM BPM, JBPM or Activiti4. Exposure to banking and insurance domainCareer Experience and qualifications:1. Having 5 -7 years of software industry experience with minimum 3 years as a leader role with high aptitude and hands on problem solving abilities. Attitude to work in extreme tough work conditions for meet product launch. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Bob Technologies Bob Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details