TITLE: Lead Engineer - QA

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manual and Automation Test Engineers Exp: 6 to 10 yrs Education: B.E or MCA. Type: Permanent Position: Lead Test Engineer Will be responsible for both functional and performance testing Minimum 6+ years of hands-on test experience Experience with web technologies like JavaScript, CSS, HTML/HTML5, json. Knowledge of http request and response formats. Coding skills with an object-oriented language Strong test automation scripting skills Extensive experience with automation test tools like Selenium -> must Extensive experience with performance tools like jmeter.-> must Unix shell scripting Should have developed test automation frameworks/tools in regression testing, load testing and scalability testing Must be a very good team player Core Member of QA Team, will drive the QA Automation Strategy Collaborate closely with PM, Development, Customers for delivering full functional test suites, regression, performance and smoke tests Gather test requirements Develop Test Cases and Test Strategies Prepare Test reports Help resolve environmental deployment issues Perform troubleshooting software / hardware configuration problems. Good verbal and written communication skills. Good organizational skills and decision making ability Ability and willingness to quickly learn new technology stacks outside of comfort zone Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills HTML Load Testing Javascript Selenium QA Automation Performance Testing Quality Assurance Engineering Automation Testing Unix Shell Scripting Functional Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource 0E2201E 0A2 provides services focused on high value, knowledge-based functions principally related to real estate and mortgage portfolio management, asset recovery and customer relationship management. Utilizing integrated technology that includes decision models and behavioral-based scripting engines, we provide solutions that improve our clients' performance and maximize their returns. Altisource has three primary business segments: Mortgage Services - Mortgage portfolio management services that span the mortgage lifecycle (e.g. origination, valuation, closing and title services, default management services, asset management and component services) Technology Services - REALSuite of applications (residential and commercial loan servicing, loss mitigation, vendor management and electronic invoice presentment and payment software) as well as our IT infrastructure services Financial Services - Asset Recovery and Customer Relationship Management Altisource is developing a reputation as the preeminent technology enabled, knowledge based provider of its services. Our focus is on leveraging technology and a global service delivery model to provide highly efficient, accurate support of the industries we service. Unique intellectual property, such as behavioral-science principles, artificial intelligence driven scripting engines and risk decision models are used to reduce performance variability and improve compliance and overall performance for Altisource and its clients. Altisource's Marketplaces business unit is a new organization created from Altisource's corporate venturing model based on technology innovations and intellectual capital developed from within the company. The unit includes two of Altisource's most promising products - a patented automated order and vendor management solution that solves the complex problem of orchestrating multiple vendors, products and orders, and a patented, electronic invoicing and payment system that automates and streamlines the full cycle of invoice presentment and payment. It improves cash flow management and visibility, reduces costs and virtually eliminates the time spent by management reviewing and approving invoices. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details