TITLE: Team Lead Embedded Systems

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary: Responsibilities: Lead a team of embedded software engineers to implement the software design on embedded Linux products. Discuss with stakeholders to understand requirement & high level architecture/design Build the detailed design of entire pieces entrusted Work with other teams to integrate the product to meet requirements Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Embedded Linux Embedded Software Embedded Systems Software Design Detail Design Architectural Design Team Leading Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Key Requirements Strong foundation in computer science, with solid competencies in object oriented software design patterns, Knowledge of software QA methodologies, processes and test automation Ability to be a self-starterRequired Skills: Wizard level C/C++ programming Linux & Network programming using TCP/IP Designing & implementing extensible frameworks, protocols, APIs. Software Development Life Cycle (Agile methods would be beneficial) Company Profile: Semaconnect Systems India Pvt. Ltd Semaconnect is a leader in an exciting new technology category - Charging infras SemaConnect is a leader in an exciting new technology category - Charging infrastructure for the next generation of electric vehicles. As electric vehicles hit the roads and become popular in the US, Europe and Asia, the demand for charging infrastructure is also growing exponentially worldwide. Our networked charging station system involves Smart Card authentication, energy metering, wireless local networking, wireless long range networking(CDMA, GSM), Contact & Contactless credit card reading, cloud based network management, Secure billing and payment gateways and smart grid solutions. Our platform integrates a variety of disparate and interesting technologies. The company is headquartered in Bowie, Maryland (USA), with a development center in Bangalore. If you are looking for an intellectually challenging career, the opportunity to exercise your creativity, the fun and friendliness of working in a small team, no bureaucracy, plus a chance to make a difference to our environment, then SemaConnect is an excellent career choice. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details