TITLE: Vice President - Quality Assurance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Department Description: The Quality Assurance (QA) team is part of the CCB Finance Control group and is a component of a firm-wide initiative wherein each line of business has a dedicated QA team. The QA team is responsible for assessing and addressing regulatory and external reporting risks within CCB, including validation and enhancement of financial and regulatory reporting data integrity. The Finance Control group within CCB Controllers is responsible for several control initiatives and works closely with many areas across CCB. The group is involved with control initiatives relating to CCB that include, but are not limited to the following: &bull; Quality Assurance Program &bull; Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Control Program; &bull; Overall project management and coordination of the CCB Recovery and Resolution Plans (Living Wills); &bull; Coordination and oversight of the Legal Entity rationalization program &bull; Coordination and documentation of the Quarterly Management Representation Letter and Control Affirmation process; &bull; Preparation of the monthly Finance Control Summary. Specific Roles & Responsibilities &bull; The candidate must be an experienced professional who possess strong auditing skills, a strong understanding of internal control systems within a financial institution and knowledge of the consumer businesses and products. &bull; The candidate will be required to work closely with the line of business controllers, finance and operations areas to understand and evaluate the firms data quality and reporting processes. &bull; Perform substantive testing and evaluation of balances and other information (based on transaction nature and underlying client/ contractual information) in support of the Quality Assurance agenda. &bull; Execution of Quality Assurance reviews across CCB specific deliverables including: &bull; Regulatory and external reporting &bull; Capital Stress Testing &bull; Investor Day and other external presentation documents &bull; Resolution and Recovery &bull; General Ledger Reconciliation and Substantiation (GLRS) and other initiatives &bull; Identifying and reporting on noted errors, logging issues for appropriate action plan development and resolution, providing recommendations and lessons learned. &bull; Establishing and maintaining strong working relationships across CCB businesses and other control groups (i.e., risk management, compliance, legal, etc.). &bull; Working closely with business and information technology colleagues across CCB as issues emerge and reporting them timely to management and other stakeholders. &bull; Partnering with Oversight and Control and the business regarding Risk and Control Self Assessments (RCSAs). &bull; Developing recommendations to strengthen internal controls and improve operational efficiency, where appropriate. &bull; Staying current with evolving industry and regulatory changes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Finance Executive Keyskills development project management quality assurance operations documentation information technology validation risk management sox financial services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required &bull; Experience & Skill Set: &bull; The candidate must be an experienced finance professional who possesses strong analytical skills and understanding of internal control systems within a financial institution; &bull; Minimum 9 years of experience in Auditing, Accounting, Internal Control and/ or Finance with a comparable financial services company; &bull; Chartered Accountant and / or an MBA in Finance is desirable &bull; Able to critically challenge with the goal of identifying control issues; &bull; Strong communication (written and verbal) and attention to detail; demonstrated influencing skills; interact comfortably with staff at all levels &bull; Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications; and &bull; Ability to work in an evolving environment, managing multiple projects. &bull; Predominantly EMEA shift that may extend to US shift during critical business days Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details