TITLE: Fullstack Developer - Hyderabad/ Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from ExpertEase.. !! If you.. Are looking to Work in " STARTUP " and Truly love working in a fast-paced,start-up and creative environment,dabble into new Web/Open Source technologies Consider yourself an enthusiastic, pro-active, dependable and collaborative team player with clear thinking and attention to detail ,innovative solutions to ambiguous problems, then that's the kind of people we are looking for Position: FullStack Developer Required Experience: 5-10 Years Required Location: Hyderabad / Bangalore Required Notice Period: Immediate or 20 days As a Tech lead you will be working directly with the founders in translating their business vision into products and services. Youll define the technology roadmap, design system specifications and standards for scale. You'll hire, build and manage a high quality team of developers to translate ideas into launchable products, while ensuring necessary test standards and quality of products are met. Job Requirements: Bachelors / Master's degree in Computer Science from Tier 1 and 2 Colleges.Â 5 to 8 years of overall experience in application development. Be self updated on the latest technologies in the web mobile and cloud space. Have hired and managed team of quality developers for large tech companies or start ups of repute.Â Should have had hands on experience in developing and publishing native Android/ IOS apps and web products.Â Extensive hands-on experience in NodeJS / SailsJS / ExpressJS/ Ruby on Rails, Angular JS NoSQL DBs ( OrientDB/ArangoDB/ Neo4J or CouchDB are preferred.)Â Strong coding and designing skills in JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS/ Bootstrap, HTML5 and CSS3 Experience on tools such as (Chef/Puppet); Development tools (Jenkins, Git), Application Servers (Apache, Tomcat) Â Experience in consuming and developing secure RESTful API/web-services Have worked with real time communication apps and experience in hosting on clients like AWS preferred.Â If you are suitable for the above requirement please forward your updated Cv toÂ Email: sarayu@expertease.co.in Desk: 040-47473322 Whatsapp: 9100033522 Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript JQuery Web Services GIT Ruby Android IOS NoSQL Apache Tomcat FullStack FullStack Developer NodeJS ExpressJS Ruby on Rails Angular Js RESTful api HTML5 CSS3 Bootstrap Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ExpertEase Software (India) Private Limited Most of the time, companies focus on only one. We realised the value of connecting both sides, and our expertise now helps you to, do it with ease. In the ever changing dynamic and global software business, companies need an expert to address their needs and resolve the issues. Many a times it's a frustrating gap that exists, and even when it happens it would not have been easy to establish the right connect between the two. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details