TITLE: Comp and Ben Sr. Advisor

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HR - Compensation and Benefits Responsible for developing, implementing and administering compensation and benefit policies and programs, which support company objectives and local practices. Provides HR and leadership with ongoing consultation, delivers processes and tools that facilitate the administration of equitable quality programs, and ensures a competitive market position. Develops and/ or participates in compensation/ benefit surveys to analyze companys competitive position. Ensures company compliance with government laws governing both compensation and benefits practices. Principal Accountabilities: Helps to plan and develop compensation and benefit programs by evaluating cost and effectiveness of programs. Reviews proposed salary adjustments for conformance to established guidelines, and recommends corrective or alternative actions to resolve compensation-related problems. Recommends company salary structure movements, salary increase budgets and regulatory compliance. Recommends new and/ or improved team member plans and cost-saving measures. Provides guidance and advices in connection with compensation and benefits policies. Acts as a liaison with carriers, vendors and consultants on various matters such as plan design, contracts, coverage and renewals. Audits jobs for content and prepares job descriptions reflecting job responsibilities, activities, duties and requirements. Prepares special studies and makes recommendations on both compensation and benefits subjects. Ensures adherence to applicable company policies and practices as well as legal and tax regulations. Job Duty Differentiators: Involved in developing, modifying and executing all compensation and benefits and other HR programs and policies that affect immediate operations. Usually acts as a liaison between compensation and some departments/ divisions, certain levels of line and staff management, HR, benefits, legal counsel and outside service providers. May establish operational objectives and work plans, and ensures performance against requirements with extended team and potentially senior leadership. Prepares and monitors merit budget, and assists in development of salary ranges. Makes decisions on changes in salaries or salary grades that deviate from policy or job structure. Manages key benefits events. Manages large benefits vendors. Provides regular support activity for a large or multiple mid-size client groups, and ensures proper interpretation and application of compensation and benefit policies. Job Scope Differentiators: Operates with in a single country or a few small countries. May develop and/ or support programs globally or across a region. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills development operations service mba tools hris pc policies events operational Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 7 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Skills: Strong statistical analysis skills. Strong understanding of job design and content. Strong knowledge of principles and practices of C&B systems and programs, with advanced knowledge of a specialty area. Strong knowledge of HRIS, PC software and spreadsheet applications. Liaise with all relevant stakeholders and arrive at a C&B integration plan for all M&As Program manage M&A activities and ensure timely completion of all integration activities Education: MBA ( Preferred ) "LIIN" Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https:/ / www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/ T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/ T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details