TITLE: AVP / Sr AVP Banking Channel | Asset Management | Bangalore & Delhi

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are hiring for a Leading Asset Management / Mutual Fund Company for the role of Sr Relationship Manager -Banks& NDs Job Description Position Title Senior Relationship Manager Banks & NDs Department, Channel & Centre of Operation Department - Sales & Marketing Channel Banks & NDs Centre of Operation Bangalore & New Delhi Position Placement Band Designation 3 / 4 AVP / Sr. AVP Position reporting to Direct Indirect National Account Manager Banks & NDs Channel Head Number of Positions & Centres Position Number Centre 2 Bangalore & New Delhi No of reports Direct Indirect - - Job Purpose - Serve as high touch point of contact for Banks & NDs. - Accountable to serve unique and complex needs of premier segment of Banks & NDs. - Establish and maintain relationships with key clients to promote schemes. - Mobilize targeted funds for various schemes in the channel area through the channel field force. Key Responsibility Areas Achieve agreed financial targets and profit growth through the development of existing and new premiere relationships. Monitor and act on daily sales activity management information and other internal information tools, using them to effectively grow or maintain share of wallet of premiere clients. Responsible for product placement, new business development, key negotiations and marketing campaign to promote schemes to the premiere segment Banks & NDs. Delivering consistent and tailored service to the most valued premiere client. Ensuring adequate mix across all products and meeting set sales targets. Developing markets and enhancing market share. Contributing to sustained growth in sales through initiatives targeted at long term development of client relationships and deep markets. Using relationships to mobilize funds under various schemes through Banks & NDs. Educating the clients about the schemes pre sales and converting them to buy these schemes. Sales paper work, data collation and reporting. Co-ordinating with the respective departments to ensure a smooth redressal of the post sales requirements. Promote an environment that supports diversity and reflects the Company brand. Interested candidates please mail resumes at hr8@lordisystems.com or call Neetu at 9035500076 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills Banking Channel National Distributors Banks and NDs Asset Management Mutual Fund Banking and NDs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lordi Systems Staffing Solutions Pvt. Ltd Leading Asset Management Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details