TITLE: Principle Systems Engineer - Cloud

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this << More Jobs Principle Systems Engineer - Cloud Category: Cloud Location: Bangalore The Position: Pega is expanding its Cloud Engineering & Operations organization due to explosive growth and has an opportunity available for a Cloud Operations Supervisor. Candidate will be responsible for overseeing the daily tactical operations and the human resource management aspects of their respective service delivery shift. The Operations Supervisor will also be a primary point of escalation for customer issues in their respective shifts (rotational including nights). During your shift, you must oversee the activities of all members of Network Operations Center (NOC) team and insure the coordination, among all team members, relating to monitoring support tickets, servicing tickets with in SLAs, executing planned maintenance, and responding to and resolving critical issues including escalation management with customers. In this role, you will: &bull; Lead the 24/ 7 operations responsible for managing customer Cloud environments and applications in respective shifts. &bull; Be primary point of escalation for customer issues in their respective shifts (rotational including nights). &bull; Oversee the activities of all members of Network Operations Center (NOC) team and insure the coordination, among all team members, relating to monitoring support tickets, servicing tickets with in SLAs, executing planned maintenance, and responding to and resolving critical issues including escalation management with customers &bull; Manage the development of the team/ members to become a highly effective, problem solving unit that can reach solutions quickly, with a shared vision, understanding and purpose &bull; Knowledge of ITIL or have a clear understanding of the importance of following process when delivering service Pega Offers: &bull; A rapidly growing yet well-established business &bull; The worlds most innovative organizations as reference-able clients &bull; Analyst acclaimed technology leadership in a massive emerging market The Person: Candidate should be a management professional with experience and a deep understanding of managing a customer focused, client facing 24/ 7 operations function. You will have a clear vision of delivering operational excellence and understand the importance of process, procedure and documentation. The Operations Supervisors will also be a key resource to provide the quality assurance of service and ticket status, compliance with process, and identifying up skilling and refreshing training opportunities of the service desk resources. Qualifications will include : &bull; 8-10 years experience in a technical production support role &bull; 2 years of operations supervisor / lead experience in supporting and/ or implementing an Cloud service provider or Hosting/ Datacenter Ops and experience with incident, change management control policies. &bull; PRPC System Architect Certification completed within 90 days of hire &bull; Pega SysAdmin course completed within 30 days of hire &bull; Experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services &bull; Experience in leading technical support operations for enterprise-oriented, high availability, 24x7 production environments. &bull; Manage Global Operations Center shifts and exchange handoff between various shifts &bull; Manage daily work distribution for Global Operations Center &bull; Monitor and manage workload of Service Desk within a shift. Ensure that unfinished work is followed up and completed in a timely manner to minimize the number of incomplete tickets. Closely monitor incomplete tickets. &bull; Ensure appropriate staffing levels of the Service Desk within the shift. Escalate any shortage of manpower as necessary. &bull; Serve as first line of escalation during the shift for all Service Desk personnel. &bull; Ensure that the correct procedures are followed by Service Desk specialists in delivering customer support services. &bull; Ensure that the service level goals are understood by each member of the team and making sure the goals are met and even exceeded. &bull; Conduct training for new team members. &bull; Studies incident reports and reports on failures, successes and trends and makes suggestions on continuous improvement of processes and procedures &bull; Root Cause Analysis on all service requests that breach SLA or that have a significant business impact to the client. &bull; Work a rotating shift schedule &bull; Participate on weekly/ monthly/ quarterly service review calls. &bull; ITIL Experience Incident, Problem, Change and Escalation Management &bull; Knowledge of ITIL or have a clear understanding of the importance of following process when delivering service &bull; Must have the ability to multi-task on varying complex projects and initiatives. &bull; Experience in both small and large companies is highly desirable. &bull; Track record of accomplishment and effectiveness within organizations. &bull; Excellent verbal and written communication skills. &bull; The successful candidate will be persistent, result oriented, and a self-starter follow Pega Jobs on Twitter About Pegasystems: Pegasystems develops strategic applications for sales, marketing, service and operations.Pega's applications streamline critical business operations, connect enterprises to their customers seamlessly in real-time across channels, and adapt to meet rapidly changing requirements.Pega's Global 500 customers include the world's largest and most sophisticated enterprises.Pega's applications, available on-premises or in the cloud, are built on its unified Pega 7 platform, which uses visual tools to easily extend and change applications to meet clients' strategic business needs.Pega's clients report that Pega gives them the fastest time to value, extremely rapid deployment, efficient re-use and global scale.For information about benefits and culture, click here . As an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer,Pegasystems Inc. will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetic information,veteran or disability status, or any other category protected by law. Accessibility If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact PegaApplication@pega.com . Labor Condition Applications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development crm technical support production support quality assurance pega documentation analytics change management monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Pegasystems Worldwide India Pvt. Ltd. Pega has focused in building depth in BPM over 25 years now and have unparalleled depth and IP within the BPM domain - in BPM since one has to conceptually capture the whole work flow (enterprise) makes it most challenging and interesting solution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details