TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Big Data and cloud computing is fundamentally transforming computing. We are at the heart of this revolution. Our charter in the Information Management and Machine Learning (IMML) team is to birth the next generation of analytics in the cloud with big data. It is a super exciting mission, and we believe it will revolutionize the world. The Azure Data Catalog team within IMML is driving this next generation effort. We have built a new Azure service to help discovery of data - regardless of whether the data is in the cloud or on-prem - so that one can help build amazingly powerful data driven systems. It is a fully managed service in Azure and combines the value of metadata management with the power of self-service data discovery. It will facilitate collaboration within and between the various user ecosystems that exists across the enterprise helping to close the gap between those who seek information and those who create it. We are looking for a strong, highly motivated Engineering Manager to lead a team of talented engineers to build the service and delight our customers. As the Engineering Manager, you will keep your team motivated, productive, and on-target, and you will be deeply involved in the engineering cycle through planning, development, release and live site. The ideal candidate would have a deep engineering background around running live services and supporting enterprises with their data needs. Furthermore you will know how to build a scalable and extensible service infrastructure incrementally accruing value towards long-term technical objectives through short iterative cycles. Qualifications: BS, MS or PhD in computer science, engineering or a related field. 10 years of software development experience with C , Java or C# Strong customer focus and passionate on doing the right thing for the customer Experience with and has a passion for data and building platforms Experience designing and delivering large scale web services Proven track record as a strong and effective engineering leader - managing and growing successful teams Proven ability to establish trusted, effective relationships across diverse sets of stakeholders Excellent communication skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java software development microsoft service analytics cloud computing machine learning azure information management passionate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Ph.D - Computers Â Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/ life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details