TITLE: Application Support Executive

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The ideal candidate should have 2-4yrs of exp in email/Chat/Online/remote support. - Candidate should have strong written and oral communication skills. - Should be proficient in troubleshooting technical issues and provide Application support with respect to windows XP/7 and above. - Knowledge in Linux/Mac would be an added advantage. - Should have basic knowledge of networking concepts. - Candidate must be willing to work in shifts. - Candidate must be willing to work on public holidays at day/night time. Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Keyskills Windows Linux Networking XP Mac Remote Support Troubleshooting Application Support Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IDrive Software (India) Private Limited IDrive Software is a leading provider of cloud storage and remote access services for Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android devices. We offer extensive range of products, including IDrive (www.idrive.com), IDriveSync (www.idrivesync.com), IBackup (www.ibackup.com) and RemotePc (www.remotepc.com). With over 50 Petabytes of storage, we are a premier in cloud-based service providers. We specialize in providing a host of Internet based data solutions including Online Storage, Online Backup, Collaboration, Sharing, and Remote Access. At IDrive Software, we have a highly self-motivated and skilled team. A wide range of highly reviewed cutting edge applications is a testimony to the dedication and skills of our team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details