TITLE: Senior Program Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The online advertising business is a $44 billion dollar business today and forecasted to grow double digits in the coming year, making Bing Search Advertising one of the core "big bets" at Microsoft. Bings market share is growing and our user reach is expanding. Monetizing this market share is key to our success. Bing Search Advertising has two- fold mission: 1. Enable Advertisers reach their audience and boost their business with BingAds suite of advanced and intelligent Ad solutions. 2. For a Search User, provide better ad experience by showing the most relevant ads. We are part of the Bing ads RnR (Relevance and Revenue) team thats responsible for driving relevance and revenue in major Bing Ads markets. Our team builds internet scale systems, relevance algorithms, machine learning and data mining systems to implement, measure and understand the search user experience and feature engagement. We are looking for experienced Principal Program Manager with strong communication and 5 years of software product or services experience. We are looking to hire strong, self- motivated and results driven people. This role requires individuals to have experience with shipping product following agile development model. The individual is expected to partner across organizations, gathering requirements, developing scenarios and delivering functional specs. Requirements for the role: 5 years of experience in agile software development lifecycle (from planning, design to execution & release) , preferably on a web- based product. Strong verbal and written communication skills Technical competence & strong analytical skills Track record of excellence in designing & delivering software involving big data. Web search experience a plus Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science. MBA and/ or PhD a plus Knowledge and experience in one or more of the following areas would be a plus: Machine learning, statistical analysis of data, information retrieval, natural language processing, large scale data processing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills microsoft algorithms data mining machine learning shipping data processing natural language processing information retrieval Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details