TITLE: IC Design Engineer - Verilog/ RTL

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of Analog and digital semiconductor connectivity solutions. You will be a part of the team that defines the next generation of switches for the Data-center, Enterprise, Mobile back-haul & front-haul markets. Role: R&D Engineer- IC Design Location: Bangalore Job Description : - Understand the requirement based on the product definition. Provide area and power estimates for the block. - Work with architecture team to develop the micro-architecture and design spec. - Develop the RTL and work with verification/emulation to sanitize the same. - Lint and synthesize the design. - Provide timing constraints. - Work with physical design on the floor-plan and timing closure. - Proactively discuss and suggest optimizations to improve the design and reduce area/power. - Take part in design and test plan review. - Support internal and external design queries and debugs. Required Skills : - Proficient in Verilog. - Must have hands on expertise on developing micro-architecture from standards or architecture spec. - Design experience in networking domain is highly desirable. - Proficient in writing assertions. - Experience with scripting languages such as PERL, TCL or Unix Scripting is highly desirable. - Experience in reviewing and critiquing of test bench and test plans. - Strong debugging skills of Verilog RTL & test environment is desired. - Familiarity with LEC, Jasper or other formal tools. - Able to adopt the use of new techniques and methodologies and promote their use within the project. - Highly pro-active & self-motivated to solve problems. In case the new role excites you, Please do apply or send your updated resume. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Instructional Designer Keyskills Verilog RTL Design Verification Physical Design Timing Closure Emulators Perl IC Design Design Engineering Unix Scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Abanel Management Consulting Private Limited A Leading client of Abanel Management Consulting Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details