TITLE: Senior Mean Stack Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a talented Web Application developers, skilled in developing applications using light-weight scripting frameworks (preference to developers who have worked on MEAN stack). The candidate must perform the following roles and responsibilities: Requirements Exceptional coding skills in JavaScript (both frontend and backend) Advanced proficiency in MEAN Stack (NodeJS, MongoDB, Express, AngularJS) Proficiency with Data visualization and charting tools/frameworks Thorough knowledge of software development best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, continuous integration and continuous delivery. Exceptional verbal, written and listening skills. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Skills and Experience 2-6 years of Software Development experience in building data visualizations. Strong scripting experiences in scripting using JavaScript, Perl, Powershell etc. Excellent hands-on design, coding, testing methodologies and debugging skills Solid JavaScript, HTML/HTML5 and CSS/CSS3 experience Proficiency with angular.js, nodeJS, MongoDB. Good understanding of UML/OOAD/SOLID principles and proven expertise in delivering artefacts using these principles. Good experience with NoSQL and SQL databases. Good experience with designing and implementing REST APIs for consumption by multiple platforms. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MongoDB AngularJS NodeJS Mongo DB Angular JS Node JS MEAN Stack Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills and Experience*2-6 years of Software Development experience in building data visualizations.*Strong scripting experiences in scripting using JavaScript, Perl, Powershell etc.*Excellent hands-on design, coding, testing methodologies and debugging skills*Solid JavaScript, HTML/HTML5 and CSS/CSS3 experience*Proficiency with angular.js, nodeJS, MongoDB.*Good understanding of UML/OOAD/SOLID principles and proven expertise in delivering artefacts using these principles.*Good experience with NoSQL and SQL databases.*Good experience with designing and implementing REST APIs for consumption by multiple platforms. Company Profile: Trans Neuron Technologies Pvt Ltd Trans Neuron, http://transneuron.com/ a fun place to work... without pressures... just burning desire to be the best in the industry. What we do? We are a technology company, working on some of the latest and exciting technologies on cloud and analytics. We have developed a cloud platform which helps engineering students to Learn Emerging Technologies, Practice Labs and do Projects. The platform also connects the students with the Mentors/ Industry Experts for online classes. The platform is now connecting IT companies (large, small and startup) & VC and Angel Investors to the students thus helping students to get placed and launch their startups. Our platform is being used by many Universities in India and outside and some of the large technology companies like - IBM. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details