TITLE: Senior Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Duties: The individual will be responsible for the qualification of the Design to Silicon Division's Modeling set of products. The individual will be responsible for the design, development, and execution of application specific functional and regression tests used to measure the quality, robustness, performance, supportability, and usefulness of these products in our customer's semiconductor manufacturing flows. The individual will work closely with the software application developers and product marketing team to help deliver timely product releases that effectively meet our customer's needs. Providing all stakeholders with appropriate regression reports in a timely manner. Developing all necessary artifacts, scripts, or tools that improve the overall job effectiveness and efficiency. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Test Engineering Testing Measurement Product Marketing Regression Semiconductor Manufacturing Design Development Test Engineer Perl Tcl Python shell scripting IC physical design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Job Qualifications:Technical degree in Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering/Computer Science or equivalent is required. Proficiency in Unix/Linux operating system environments required. Knowledge of software quality assurance processes and experience with maintaining regression test suites is highly desirable. The qualified candidate should have a good working knowledge and experience with IC physical design, layout, and verification tools; and IC manufacturing process flows. Knowledge of shell scripting and interpreted software languages (Perl, Tcl/Tk, or Python) are important skills required to be effective in this job. The candidate must have good written and verbal communication skills; Self-motivated and able to work independently Able to thrive and improve in a multifaceted multi-site fast-paced development environment. Company Profile: Mentor Graphics India Pvt. Ltd. Mentor Graphics is a leader in electronic design automation software. We enable companies to develop better electronic products faster and more cost-effectively. Our innovative software products and solutions help engineers conquer design challenges in the increasingly complex worlds of board and chip design. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details