TITLE: Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Technical Architect The Technical Architect is the leader of the engineers on a team. The Tech Architect is involved through the complete project lifecycle, maintaining context from pre-sales through deployment and leading a team to execute on a technical vision that he/she creates. Technical Architects will be used across multiple projects (up to 4 at a time) so multi-tasking is a must, but they will always work with resources from their team. Technical Architects have the most responsibilities and the most flexibility in the delegation of those responsibilities as they see fit. He/She will also be responsible for managing a team of up to 10 people, and their career growth Note that even the Technical Architect will code a minimum of 10% of his/her time. Responsibilities Primary Content Architecture Other Technical Architecture Unblock Team Engineering Work Breakdown and Estimation/Re-Estimation Review Specifications for Engineering Feasibility and Suggest Alternatives Review Designs for Engineering Feasibility and Suggest Alternatives Review Prototypes for Engineering Feasibility and Suggest Alternatives Management of Engineering Resources (skills/career development, etc) Engineering Oversight Engineering Mentorship Engineering Code Review Answer Engineering Questions from Team Answer Engineering Questions from Client Maintain Visibility on Project Status Client Communication Calculate Team Velocity Cite Project Risks and Mitigation Plans Maintain Understanding of Team Bandwidth Now and in the Future Stay on Top of the Latest Technologies in Eng Maintain Understanding of, and Execute on Client and Business Priorities (from pre-sale through deployment) Delegate Work to your Team in the Most Efficient and Effective way Possible Innovate, regardless of domain Take ownership of your projects Secondary Feature Development Make Sure Resources are Lined up for Projects Feature Testing Automated Functional Testing Automated Unit Testing Basecamp Management Qualifications Experience with key application development tools such as Automated Testing Platforms Code Generation Automated deployment and Continuous Integration Code Review Platforms The ability to handle the demands of a fast-growing company Experience with Mobile specific sites and Mobile applications as well as standard web based implementations is a plus Experience with Sitecore Content Management System is required Experience with the following Content Management Systems is preferable Episerver Kentico Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Functional Testing Technical Architecture Unit Testing Web Technologies Mobile Applications Automation Testing Code Review Career Development Management Systems Content Management System Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Verndale Software Development India Pvt Ltd. About Verndale Verndale is the marketing technology agency that brands call when they want to connect with their customers in a more meaningful way. It designs, builds and evolves brand experiences that mid-sized and Fortune 500 companies use to bring their products and services to life for their always-on customers. Verndale offers unparalleled strategy, experience design, technology and post-launch managed services. With an all-star team made up of pure technologists and digital, brand and creative pioneers, Verndale understands the operational, organizational and technological demands posed on an enterprise that wants to extend sophisticated, connected experiences to their customers. It can work across centralized and siloed business units in a brand to create a cohesive front to back-end strategy that both technology and marketing leaders love, while extending and maintaining engaging experiences that the brand's customers will also love. One of the largest independent agencies in the industry, Verndale is headquartered in Boston and has five offices across the United States. Global operations in Quito, Ecuador and Bangalore, India power Verndale's global delivery model, which provides application efficiency, stability and value to its customers. Lean more about Verndale at www.verndale.com. Top Ten Reasons to work for Verndale- Bangalore 1. Rapid growth company of 16 years maintaining start-up company feel. 2. Laser focus on cutting-edge technology and killer service offerings to clients. 3. Internal promotions that are frequent and do not take years to achieve. 4. Collaborative, open, work environment and no formal dress code. 5. Bangalore office is located in city centre, easily accessible to public and private transport. 6. Flexible Work from Home policy 7. Daily free lunch 8. Office hours are 9am to 6pm and employees can choose flexible hours between the hours of 9:30am to 8:30pm 9. Employee Exchange program to our US office in Boston, Massachusetts 10. Indoor Sports Leagues, refreshments provided Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details