TITLE: Excellent Opportunity with Nseit Ltd - Project Coordinators in Mumbai

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings for the day!! To brief you about the company... NSEIT is an end-to-end Information Technology (IT) and IT Enabled services & solutions organization with expertise in a wide range of business applications. NSEIT is a 100% subsidiary of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) - Indias largest Stock Exchange. NSEIT is a SEI CMM Level 5 organization and has acquired BS 7799 International Certification for Information Security. NSEIT Limited offers India's truly independent, secured technology driven assessment service with an unmatched reach of 224 test centres covering 224 locations across the entire country. The India Assessment test centres are spread across the length and breadth of India offering you process driven quality and professional standards of highest order. All our Test Centres are owned by NSEIT Limited and are ISO certified. Our Test Centres are manned by qualified and experienced test administrators to implement your challenging requirements. Over the past four years we have delivered over 5,000,000 assessments / examinations covering Technology, Insurance, Banking and Capital Markets verticals. The details of the position are mentioned below : Qualification : Any Graduation ( Full Time ) with good academics with at least 50% marks throughout. Experience:- At least 4-6 Â yrs of relevant experience. Skills Required : Project Coordination Quality Assurance Organisation, Planning and Priority setting Risk Management Procurement Strategy Maintaining and designing data by using advanced excel skills Key Responsibilities: Detailed Project Planning and control Project Progress and performance MonitoringÂ Preparing weekly / monthly Progress reports. Resolving cross-functional issues at project level Participating in review meetings and providing updates.Â Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan Managing Co-ordination of the Partners and working groups engaged in the Project work. Inter-department co-ordination to ensure smooth functioning of the project. Assisting and supporting the Project Manager in their daily duties Identify, analyze, prioritize, mitigate and communicate project risks Acting as a link between the client and the company Involved in Coordinating projects from inception to completion Maintaining files and documents associated with the project.Â If you are interested in this opportunity and would like to be a part of our growth story , please send your updated resume to maitreyeeb@nseit.com at the earliest. The interviews will be scheduled within next 5 working days once the profile is shortlisted . Do let me know if you have any preferences for time slots. We will try our best to accommodate your preferences. Please feel free to call for any queries you may have. Thanks & Regards Maitreyee (Talent Acquisition Team) NSEIT Ltd . Eco Space, First Floor, Mogra Village, Old Nagardas Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400 069. Tel : 022-42547497 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills Project Planning project coordination feasibility study project support cross functional coordination escalation management MS Project MS Excel MS Powerpoint Client Interaction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization, B.B.A - Management, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification : Any Graduation ( Full Time ) with good academics with at least 50% marks throughout.Experience:- At least 4-6 yrs of relevant experience.Skills Required :Project CoordinationQuality AssuranceOrganisation, Planning and Priority settingRisk ManagementProcurement StrategyMaintaining and designing data by using advanced excel skillsKey Responsibilities:Detailed Project Planning and controlProject Progress and performance MonitoringÂ Preparing weekly / monthly Progress reports.Resolving cross-functional issues at project levelParticipating in review meetings and providing updates.Â Managing project deliverables in line with the project planManaging Co-ordination of the Partners and working groups engaged in the Project work.Inter-department co-ordination to ensure smooth functioning of the project.Assisting and supporting the Project Manager in their daily dutiesIdentify, analyze, prioritize, mitigate and communicate project risksActing as a link between the client and the companyInvolved in Coordinating projects from inception to completionMaintaining files and documents associated with the project. Company Profile: NSEIT Ltd NSEIT Limited, a leading provider of mission critical technology solutions for the Financial Services industry, is a 100% subsidiary of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSEIL) - the 3rd largest stock exchange in the world. Since 1999, NSEIT has emerged as the preferred technology partner for deploying high end solutions for the financial services sector. Being an SEI-CMM Level 5 assessed and ISO 27001 certified organization, NSEIT has earned an enviable track record of exemplary success with its products, services & solutions in low latency and high transaction systems in areas like algorithmic trading, portal, exchange and brokerage solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details