TITLE: DGM - Workforce Management

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Department: Workforce Management Reports to: GM Workforce Management POSITION PURPOSE The holder of this position implements and manages the workforce management systems & processes in the Company. The role includes handling resource planning, operations analytics, preparing forecasts and creating regular schedules for optimum utilization of resources thus enabling operations to drive productivity and profitability. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES/ RESPONSIBILITIES RESOURCE PLANNING Creation of short range and long range forecasts Creation of capacity plans, ramp plan, recruitment plan Creation of operational proficiency curves Handles strategic aspects like resource utilization, capacity planning, seat utilization and resource planning Manage Demand Forecasting and Supply Management of Resources that would include people, seats and bandwidth Maintain planned Vs actual forecast details and adjust to meet any deviations from plan REAL-TIME MANAGEMENT Monitor real time queue, manual and tool based scheduling as well as forecasting Should strive to improve processes or activities that have a negative impact on the customer/ client STAFFING & SCHEDULING Identify client needs and link to process improvements Specific duties include staff management, providing forecasts to Client and third party/ out- sourced call centers, working with call center staff to create and modify staff scheduling and providing call allocation forecasts to call center control operations. managers role OPERATION ANALYTICS Ensure schedules generated by workforce analysts at both the centers meet service objectives and make best use of resources Maintain Incident Logging Tracking Analyze and resolve service delivery issues not resolved by call center managers or site workforce analysts. Identify call volume trends and average on a weekly, monthly, quarterly and seasonal basis. Should have a clear picture as to how the day to day activities impact clients Handle planning and organizing of resource and projects SPAN OF CONTROL (PEOPLE, ASSESTS etc) Team Size: 9-10 people DECISION MAKING / AUTHORITY All actions to be taken based on pre-decided goals. Approve recruitment and promotions across the function upto the Manager level KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS (ESSENTIAL) Excellent written and verbal communication. Good knowledge of the product and process. Ability to provide effective coaching and feedback Strong interpersonal skills to facilitate cross functional interaction Proficient in converting the business requirements into detailed functional system requirements Operational knowledge of ACD technology, such as Nortel, Meridien Max, Networking, Avaaya Report writing and Workforce Management processes Should have undergone Six Sigma Basic or Green Belt training Should have an understanding of COPC technology Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills Six Sigma Operations Capacity Planning Resource Planning Staff Management Resource Utilization Service Delivery Workforce Management ACD technology Green Belt training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required EDUCATIONAL / PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS (ESSESNTIAL/DESIRED) Post Graduate in Business Administration. 10-11 years of experience Minimum 3 years of experience in a Centralized Call Center environment (Enterprise Management Call Center) Ease with MS Office Company Profile: Firstsource Solutions Ltd. Firstsource a leading global provider of business process management services for the position of CUSTOMER SERVICE EXECUTIVE. We offer a wide range of services across banking and financial services, telecommunications and media and the healthcare industry. With over 24,000 employees, Firstsource ranks amongst India's fastest growing BPO companies. Firstsource is an equal opportunity employer. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details