TITLE: Head - Legal/irda Compliance - Company Secretary - Insurance

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Ensure compliance risks are within organizational appetite at all times, and timely information is provided to shareholders and management so as to be aware of the risk level of the organization. - Advise to internal functions on business requirements and make efforts to provide compliant workarounds to business proposals wherever required. - Responsible for developing compliance policies & ensuring that Company follows the same. - Ensuring that all activities are performed & all statutory requirements are met within the prescribed timelines - Ensuring that all new amendments in statutory framework are incorporated & executed. - Primary interface between regulatory authorities and the organization for any audit, inspection, clarification etc. conducted by regulatory authorities. - Support the grievance management process within the organization by providing timely advice and guidance on framework & processes. - Ensuring statutory filings of various returns and reports to IRDA within the timeframe. - Advising Management on all important legal issues & Business functions on products/operational matters from a legal perspective - Review of products, processes and ancillary matter which have a regulatory bearing, direct or indirect - Overseeing disemmination of advertisements and promotional material under the IRDA (Insurance Advertisements and Disclosure) Regulations. Corporate Secretarial - Responsible for entire Corporate Secretarial matters including matters related to various meeting viz. Board, Committees and General Meeting. Independently preparation of Board notes, Agenda, Minutes and other requisites data - Ensuring that good corporate governance practices are developed and implemented - Formulating guidelines, manuals for the function, ensuring accuracy & timeliness of reports and implementation of good secretarial practices - Ensuring compliance of various internal policies like code of conduct, code for prevention of Insider Trading for Board & Sr. Management. - Matters related to Joint Venture Agreement - Primary interface between regulatory authorities and the organization for any audit, inspection, clarification etc. conducted by regulatory authorities - Co-ordination with Internal Auditors, Statutory Auditors, Con-current auditors, & Secretarial Auditors. - E-filing of statuary forms and returns with Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and maintenance of statutory records as per the Companies Act, 2013 & the Insurance Act, 1938. Legal - Ensuring compliance with applicable laws and implementation of various policies and initiatives to mitigate legal & commercial risks. - Vetting of various commercial agreements, negotiation & execution. - Advising management on protection of the interest of the company in legal & litigation matters - Drafting and Review of various legal and commercial contracts/agreements, service level agreements, Indemnities, Power of Attorney(s), MOU, Settlement agreements Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Head/VP/GM-Legal Keyskills Legal Issues Litigation Matters Company Secretary Commercial Contracts Agreements Corporate Governance Head Legal Legal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Radiant HR Services Leading client of Radiant HR Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details