TITLE: Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DESCRIPTION & ROLE PROFILE Title: Technical Lead Reports to: Chief Architect of R&D Based at: Mumbai Job purpose: To assist with recruiting of a team of software engineers and then leading them through technical project specifications and design. Responsibilities and Accountabilities 1. Effectively utilizes technical/application skills working with multiple software packages and/or multiple modules within a package. 2. Effectively writes descriptions of operations, data contracts and data members that could be utilized by QA. 3. Notifies Project Manager of concerns or conflicts, which could impede project implementation milestones. 4. Collaboration with 3rd party solution providers on integration strategy and implementation. Key competencies 10 years of total years of experience with atleast 5 years as a Technical Lead. SOA development in C# and WCF. Senior Developer-to-Architect level strength with experience in the following: C#, WCF, SQL, IIS, SOA, Integration and Unit Testing, Javascript, NHibernate, Entity Frameworks or any other ORM. Strong knowledge & experience of working with Source Control Tools such as GIT. Experience with SQL Server 2005 or 2008 and proficiency with SQL and ORM tools such as Hibernate. Salary:INR 7,50,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills WCF C# SOA SQL IIS Integration and Unit Testing Javascript NHibernate entity Frameworks Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Radius Corporate Solutions (India) Private Limited Radius helps companies expand and win globally. Clients from startups to larger multinationals take advantage of Radius' international accounting, finance, banking, tax, HR, legal and compliance support to simplify their core operations, reduce their risk exposure and improve the management and control of their overseas businesses. Radius delivers support and expertise through managed services, advisory services and OverseasConnect, our integrated cloud-based software platform, to create solutions that meet the needs of over 600 clients operating in 110 countries around the world. Headquartered in Bristol, UK with offices in the US, Brazil, China, Germany, India, Japan, and Singapore, we are the global growth experts. For more information, please visit www.radiusworldwide.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details