TITLE: JD Edwards Technical Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate having experience in JD Edwards Tool set. Including OMW, Report Design, Application design, BSFN, Event rules etc. The candidate should have experience building the web services (BSSV), BI Publisher reports. - Â Experience of Implementation, Upgrades on Xe, 8.9,8.11,9.0,9.1Â - Â Supporting the existing JD Edwards customization - Â Strong skills in debugging & troubleshooting of BSFN, UBE, APPL - Â Knowledge of C Language - Â Understanding of Sales, Finance modules - Â Should have closely worked with Functional consultants - Â Experience / V good knowledge in BSSV, BI Publisher - Â Ability to work directly with client along with good communication skills - Â Should have prior experience of onsite / offshore model. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills JD Edwards Jdeveloper Web Services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prodware Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Prodware Soluions is looming as an organization with an expertise in Oracle services - JD Edwards, Fusion. Brainchild of senior Industry experts Over 28 years of combined industry experience. Provides solution services in the area of SCM. Consulting services to identify areas of improvement. End-to-End implementation services from skilled consultants to design the solution implement and deploy the application. End-to-End quality assurance services across the integrated environment from people who understand retail domain for faster and efficient testing cycle. Solution/Technology Upgrades IT Staff Augmentation services for sterling OMS implementation, QA and support. Committed towards Performance Beyond Expectations Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details