TITLE: Sales & Marketing Executive-salarpuria Sattva

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Roles & Responsibility: To formulate and drive the effective implementation of sales strategies for the residential projects of Sattva in line with organizations overall strategy in order to ensure effective maximization of the top line growth across regions Knowledge of Real Estate industry Knowledge of pricing frameworks and strategies Knowledge of customer relationship management system and procedures Knowledge of sale and lease contract documents and specifications Ability to develop and maintain knowledge management systems and procedures candidates may forward your updated profile & photo to Hr@sattvagroup.in & Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Retail Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Greenage Griha Nirmaan Pvt Ltd. Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details