TITLE: Require: DB2 Developers for Banking Client in Mumbai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required: - 5 to 10 years of strong DB2 background - Must have strong SQL knowledge. - Must have strong knowledge of DB2 physical and logical design elements. - Must have ability to tune SQL using Explain. - Must be able to troubleshoot DB2 problems in production and non-production environments. - Must have knowledge of DB2 security and be able to implement the same for various app groups. - Must have in-depth knowledge of DPF Architecture. - Must have ability to build and deploy complex Stored Procedures. - Must have ability to use db2 utilities like load, db2look, reorgs/runstats etc.. - Must have strong knowledge unix scripting languages -perl/linux shell-korn/bash etc.. - Must have knowledge of core java development. - Must have good analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills. - Ability to multi-task and must be interested in business. - Self-motivated and ability to work consistently and efficiently to achieve end goals. Skills Desired: - DB2 server tuning experience (database and instance level) - Experience with Build tools like Ant, Electric Commander and Train. - Financial knowledge: Basic or Advanced knowledge of Listed Derivatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills DB2 developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xoriant Solutions Pvt Ltd Xoriant Corporation is a product engineering and services company, serving technology startups as well as mid-size to large corporations. We offer a flexible blend of onsite, offsite and offshore services from our seven global delivery centers with over 2000 software professionals. Xoriant has deep client relationships spanning over 20 years with various clients ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies. Xoriant's Product Development and Engineering service line offers a full life cycle software development and engineering services to independent software vendors, systems companies and companies offering enterprise, cloud, web, social networking, media and mobile applications. Our services span product development, testing, technical support, implementation and sustaining engineering. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details