TITLE: Central Orchestrator

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description About the Position The central orchestrator will ensure that the hubs at 91springboard always run smoothly. [S]he is expected to define processes, implement and troubleshoot wherever needed. The array of functions in the 91springboard hubs are critical for our success. The ability to manage, think outside the box and a step ahead of the normal is the daily routine of an orchestrator. Central orchestrator is the support system for the hubs to perform the extraordinary. This will be a great opportunity to work along side the co-founders of 91springboard and take the startup ecosystem to a different level. The goal is to provide a platform for entrepreneurs across the country to build their dreams. Overall Responsibilities Execute, monitor and manage processes at multiple hubs Should have extensive team management skills to work with multiple teams Induct new processes as and when relevant Market research in different cities for 91springboard hubs Manage and set legal/accounting guidelines Work closely with the teams to manage project budgets and schedules Hustle the way out to get everything done Review and take actions based on the HUB MIS Monitor and strategize infrastructure setup Requirements Behavioral/Functional competencies A strong sense of responsibility and an eye for detail. Considers himself as a minion, who is ready to conquer the world of entrepreneurship with hustle, grit and knowledge. In-depth knowledge and understanding of finance, legalities, project management and budgeting. A long term commitment towards building this ecosystem, this journey is not a sprint The ability to manage up ? keeping your managers abreast of what you?re doing will help you keep your edge and make sure your crazy tech infatuations are always funded ? as long as you can convince us they will somehow keep us running smoothly yet lean Highly efficient, and quick ? ninja of technology An intelligent person, who is an autodidact and takes self initiative Ability to thrive within a fast-paced, high pressure environment, and ability to perform effectively without supervision and within established time limits and ongoing deadlines and excellent problem-solving ability Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills project management eye for detail problem solving ability management skills budgeting management knowledge finance who commitment initiative Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 91SPRINGBOARD 91springboard is a vibrant coworking community of freelancers, startups and established small to large businesses. We are dedicated to making your work-life easy and fun while playing an integral role in helping your organization grow. Members of 91springboard get access to a coworking space with 24X7 office-infrastructure support, key service providers, knowledge sharing & collaboration, networking and of course, a free-spirited culture that breeds innovation! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details