TITLE: Site Core Senior Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About SapientNitro SapientNitroSM, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a new breed of agency redefining storytelling for an always- on world. Were changing the way our clients engage todays connected consumers by uniquely creating integrated, immersive stories across brand communications, digital engagement, and omni- channel commerce. We call it Storyscaping, where art and imagination meet the power and scale of systems thinking. SapientNitros unique combination of creative, brand and technology expertise results in one global team collaborating across disciplines, perspectives and continents to create game- changing success for our Global 1000 clients, such as Chrysler, Citi, The Coca- Cola Company, Lufthansa, Target, and Vodafone, in 31 cities across The Americas, Europe and Asia- Pacific. For more information, visit www.sapientnitro.com. JOB PURPOSE A Senior Associate is a technical person with hands- on experience, who is capable of implementing end- to- end solution for this tech stack. He/ she should be able to mentor a small group of technologist and will own planning, estimation and delivery along with aiding capability building and knowledge sharing in the identified areas. He/ she will interface with client/ project counterparts and ensure delivery schedule and quality is met. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Liaison with delivery teams and must be capable of delivering high standard work with minimal or no oversight. Development of solution accelerators and other re- usable modules/ assets to enhance teams delivery velocity. As an expert, coach other candidates from time to time and should be able to produce good quality training materials SKILL REQUIREMENTS Experience into designing and developing Sitecore based web application (Sitecore [6.5 and above] CMS/ WCM preferably) Experience in developing complex, high- availability, high- volume, n- tier applications Expert in ASP.Net Web application design and coding Understands the use of CMS and use of page/ data template, content types, Work flow, content authoring and approval process. Has worked on any CMS tool in past like SharePoint, DotnetNuke, Siteinfinity etc. Has worked hands on ASP.Net MVC Good understanding of WCF service and service oriented architecture Business Knowledge: Domain experience would be a plus Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/ self- motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi- task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure. EXPERIENCE 4 - 8 years EDUCATION Full Time Bachelors / Masters degree (Science or Engineering preferred) BUSINESS UNIT SapientNitro About Sapient Sapient, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing, and technology. The company operates three divisions that enable clients to gain a competitive advantage and succeed in an increasingly digital world. SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services fuse insight, creativity, and technology to drive innovation and to help clients navigate complex business problems. Our approach is the subject of case studies used by MBA programs at Harvard and Yale. The company has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. For more information, visit http: / / www.sapient.com. Follow us on: Twitter: @SapientIndia Facebook: facebook.com/ SapientIndia Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details