TITLE: Opening for Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings! We have an urgent Opening for Devops with our MNC Client. Years of experience: 3-12 yrs Job Location: Chennai Job Description 3-12 yrs of experience in Devops. Experience in Chef/puppet/Ansible Experience in Automation implementation Hands on experience in scripting(perl/Shell) Candidates can forward your updated resume to swapna@enfluenceit.com. Appreciate References!!!! Thanks and Regards, Swapna eNFLUENCE IT Services Pvt. Ltd. Elegant Ariston; # 661; 5th Main OMBR Layout; Banaswadi Bengaluru 560043,Karnataka, India www.enfluenceit.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Devops Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: eNFLUENCE IT Services Pvt. Ltd. eNFLUENCE IT Services (www.enfluenceit.com) is a fast growing full scale IT Services Company based out of Hyderabad with offices in Bangalore and USA. We are an end to end IT Services company with primary focus on Staff Augmentation Services, Application Development and Maintenance, IT Products using SaaS model on Cloud Platform . We work with a marquee list of IT Services and IT Product companies in India and US with opportunities ranging from team member level and above with variety of skills and experience levels spanning all verticals in IT space. What we offer is a very employee friendly and transparent polices and positive work culture with best in class benefits with passion for outdoing the best by providing the best of the breed solutions and services to our customers and stakeholders. You may please visit www.enfluenceit.com to know more about eNFLUENCE IT and its values or write to info@enfluenceit.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details