TITLE: Web UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : A Web User Interface Developer will work closely with other members of development team to deliver high quality web applications, games and services. Being games, he has to deal with complex UI and cutting edge browser based development technologies, yet maintaining cross browser and compatiblity. Job Duties Providing excellent code and enhancing a variety of projects High productivity by creating quick prototypes and following up with production-grade, performant experiences Execute high-quality features in a timely fashion Work closely with backend development team to get business logic integrated. Job Requirements To be considered you must have at least 1 year hands on experience on web technlogoies including CSS, Javascript, HTML/HTML5, jQuery/Ajax, PHP and MySQL. You must also have: Knowledge and hands on experience about PHP MySQL Knowledge of any MVC framework like CodeIgniter is an added advantage. Strong coding and design fundamentals. Ability to produce high quality and performant code from visual guidelines provided by art team. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. The ability to work at a fast pace and within deadlines. The ability to follow directions yet work independently Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills html javascript jquery ajax user interface development coding php mysql backend quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Maharaja Games Founded in 2004, Maharaja Games is a boutique game development studio creating high quality gaming and multimedia content for international publishers and developers. We are a multi-platform developer, developing games on Flash, Facebook, iOS, Android and Windows Phone platforms. We cater to largely western publishers and media houses, developing single-player, multi-player and ,massively multi-player online games for the mainstream gaming demographic Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details