TITLE: Team Lead - Search Marketing

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brief Job Description Planning, development, and implementation of strategic SEO projects. Translate clientsrsquo business goals into successful search engine optimization strategies Educate internal marketing teams on SEO processes and principals, develop and update internal SEO documentation Continua lly monitoring industry trends and staying on top of search engine algorithm changes Deriving strategies to Upsell ongoing/existing projects Lead and execute all activities related to the companyrsquos search marketing strategy. Analyze and translate quantitative and qualitative data from web analytics tool into an actionable SEO plan. Responsible for understanding client goals and deliverables Client meetings / Manage expectations of clients through your understanding of search and communicating via telephone and meetings. Make sure all deliverables, timelines and commitments are being met Desired profile of the candidate Detail-oriented with effective verbal & written communication. Apply industry standard and ethical SEO techniques to client websites, including: keyword analysis/selection, competitive analysis, keyword density analysis, optimization of site content, optimization of meta tags, link placement, internal linking strategy, site submission, etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Team Lead - Search Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Puretech Internet Pvt. Ltd. Since 1999, Puretech Internet has been helping companies achieve business goals worldwide. With award-winning expertise, and by following international best practices, we provide clients with innovative, integrated web-based solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details