TITLE: Expeditor, Good Opportunity in MNC

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview: An Expeditor is the one who makes sure that the right materials arrive at the site at the right time. He inspects goods upon delivery to ensure the level of quality and quantity, and to ensure adherence to specifications. He works and deals with vendors directly to make sure accurate and on time delivery of goods to appropriate locations.Â Qualification: High school diploma/GED required (Associate degree preferred) Skills: Excellent vendor communication skills, Strong time management skills and a commitment to meeting corporate deadlines and receiving critical orders on time. Job Responsibilities: The Expeditor will be responsible for communicating with vendors and shipping companies to ensure that all critical deliveries arrive at their destinations on time. He or she will also be required to report any pending delivery delays to project management, and work with shipping companies to help get deliveries to their destinations as soon as possible. Contact suppliers to ensure that all drop ship purchase orders were received and that deliveries will ship on time Maintain constant contact with vendors and shipping companies while deliveries are in route. Notify concerned team in a timely manner if a critical delivery is going to be late. Work with vendors to solve invoicing issues that could delay critical shipments Deliver all purchase orders to vendors either by fax, overnight mail or email Experience : 1 to 3 years of experience in supply chain management/ expediting Job Location: Bangalore, Karnataka CTC- 1 to 3.2 LPA Interested candidates should share their updated CV at plakshmi.atechrays@gmail.com Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Purchase Supply Chain Management Materials Expediting Project Management Management Skills Time Management Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: M/s. A-Tech Rays A tech Rays is a Recruitment and Software company that provides Manpower and do back end support to our clients of every size and industry. We offer Human Resource, Pre Screening, and Training and Development . We are based in Bangalore, Karnataka and combine seasoned recruitment professionals and cutting edge recruitment technologies and techniques to short-list highly qualified candidates. We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultations and communication with the corporate community. We always match the most suitable candidate for the required job opening. This is our commitment to our clients and our candidates. We were established in the year 2012 and have earned a reputation for the high quality of our services. We have progressed well under the guidance of our Proprietor, Mrs. Deepa. We meet the needs of various clients by providing experienced, skilled and semi-skilled professionals on contract and permanent basis to our clients in various sectors. We offer both Overseas and Local placement services. Our highly skilled, experienced and proficient management ensures that the operations and functions at A tech Rays run smoothly and our clients avail our services without any stoppages. The range of industries served by us include BFSI, BPO/IT/ITES/KPO, Human Resource, Engineering / Technical, Medical/Health Care/Pharmaceuticals, Event Management, Sales & Marketing, FMCG, Telecom/ Technology/ ISP, Manufacturing / Operations, Export/ Import, Education / Training, Retail, Construction, Tour & Travel, Automobile, DATA ENTRY , etc. We ensure that our services are customized to suit the convenience of the client. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details