TITLE: Holiday Packages Executive

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Responsible for selling International Holiday packages, Designing tailor made Itineraries, costing, hotel booking etc Bookings flights on GDS and booking worldwide hotels through suppliers and direct contracts combining multiple products and multiple destinations worldwide. Liaising and negotiating rates with suppliers for air products (schedule flights, low cost flights) and land products (worldwide hotels, car hire ,cruises ,visa\'s etc) all for the UK market initially. Knowledge rules of hotels (room occupancy, child policies, concept of board basis (i.e. bed breakfast/half board/full board etc) Have good negotiation skills to get the best rates for the company from suppliers and also able to build good solid relationships with suppliers to gain more advantage in the market. Help customers plan and book their holidays by conversing with them over phone and Email. Should have the experience of handling Sales Leads, should have worked over the phones and target oriented. Desired Candidate Profile : Minimum 2-3Years of experience in Designing Tailor made International Holiday packages. Knowledge of Worldwide destinations. Should have sales capability. Should have knowledge of Designing International Packages, Itineraries / Costing / vacation packages, Excellent communication skills and good customer service skills, Willingness to work under UK timing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Tour Mngmt Executive Keyskills Holiday Packages Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Indtex Solutions Pvt. Ltd Indtex Solutions Pvt Ltd, is a subsidiary of The Travel Team Ltd based in United Kingdom. Founded in the year 2010, Our core competence lies in handling complete back office processes like Air as well as Non Air business travel processes which includes Air Reservations, Hotel Reservations, GDS Ticketing, Air Fare filing, Hotel contract loading, Tailor made Holiday packages etc. on behalf of our parent company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details