TITLE: Software Engineer - ITAS (.net)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job purpose: (part of description) Software Engineer in the IT Advisory Services team to work on various Microsoft Technology based projects for our customers across the globe. Your client responsibilities: (part of description) Need to work as a Software Engineer to contribute in various technical streams of Microsoft technology based projects Develop programming systems making specific determinations about system performance in Microsoft technologies Document code consistently throughout the development process by listing a description of the program, special instructions, and any changes made in database tables on procedural, modular and database level Interface and communicate with the onsite and offsite business sponsors and functional experts Interface with the customer representatives as and when needed Willing to travel to the customers locations on need basis Your people responsibilities :(part of description)- as a Software Engineer you will: Foster teamwork and lead by example Participating in the organization-wide people initiatives We are looking for the candidates with the following: (Qualifications) BE/BTech/MCA with a sound industry experience of 2 to 5 Yrs. You will need to have:(Core Competencies) Mandatory skills: Microsoft .NET technology, ASP .NET, C#, HTML 5, CSS 3.0 Microsoft .Net f/w 4.0, LINQ, WCF, Workflow Foundation Windows or Web based development , Web Services, Application Blocks Strong in Transact SQL or PL/SQL, strong RDBMS concepts with experience in either MS SQL Server or Oracle. Should have working knowledge and experience on IIS Should have understanding and experience of software development best practices Preferred skills: Experience in ASP.Net MVC. Experience in Insurance or Finance or banking domain. Prior Client facing experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills travel btech mca windows oracle software development rdbms iis pl sql wcf Desired Candidate Profile Job purpose: (part of description) Software Engineer in the IT Advisory Services team to work on various Microsoft Technology based projects for our customers across the globe. Your client responsibilities: (part of description) Need to work as a Software Engineer to contribute in various technical streams of Microsoft technology based projects Develop programming systems making specific determinations about system performance in Microsoft technologies Document code consistently throughout the development process by listing a description of the program, special instructions, and any changes made in database tables on procedural, modular and database level Interface and communicate with the onsite and offsite business sponsors and functional experts Interface with the customer representatives as and when needed Willing to travel to the customers locations on need basis Your people responsibilities :(part of description)- as a Software Engineer you will: Foster teamwork and lead by example Participating in the organization-wide people initiatives We are looking for the candidates with the following: (Qualifications) BE/BTech/MCA with a sound industry experience of 2 to 5 Yrs. You will need to have:(Core Competencies) Mandatory skills: Microsoft .NET technology, ASP .NET, C#, HTML 5, CSS 3.0 Microsoft .Net f/w 4.0, LINQ, WCF, Workflow Foundation Windows or Web based development , Web Services, Application Blocks Strong in Transact SQL or PL/SQL, strong RDBMS concepts with experience in either MS SQL Server or Oracle. Should have working knowledge and experience on IIS Should have understanding and experience of software development best practices Preferred skills: Experience in ASP.Net MVC. Experience in Insurance or Finance or banking domain. Prior Client facing experience Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Ernst Young EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities. EY refers to the global organization and may refer to one or more of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com. EY material on this page has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details