TITLE: Room Attendant, Holiday Inn Mumbai International Airport

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What is your passion? Whether you're into singing, dancing or cooking at IHG we're interested in YOU! We love people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people that help us create great hotels guests love. At the moment we're looking for a Room Attendant to be part of our supportive and professional team at Holiday Inn Mumbai International Airport. You will be responsible for cleaning guest rooms and/or suites in a timely and thorough manner to ensure total guest satisfaction. Adhere to local regulations concerning health, safety, or other compliance requirements, as well as brand standards and local policies and procedures. Required Skills Communication skills are utilized a significant amount of time when interacting with others; demonstrated ability to interact with customers, employees and third parties that reflects highly on the hotel, the brand and the Company. Able to speak, read and write English Qualifications Primary Education or equivalent Experience 0-1 years of housekeeping experience THERE IS A EVERYDAY WALK IN BETWEEN 10AM TO 4PM. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY IS OFF Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Housekeeping Role:Housekeeping Executive/Assistant. Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required THERE IS A EVERYDAY WALK IN BETWEEN 10AM TO 4PM. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY IS OFF Company Profile: IHG IT Services (India) Pvt. Ltd A global company with 9 hotel brands. With over 4,700 hotels and nearly 674,000 rooms in almost 100 countries around the world, we know hospitality. Our vision is to become one of the great companies in the world by creating Great Hotels Guests Love. We will deliver this through our portfolio of preferred brands, our talented people and best-in-class delivery systems. At the heart of our culture is a commitment to act responsibly in everything we do. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details