TITLE: CIVIL ENGINEER - PLANNING

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities: Analyze Survey reports, maps, drawings, blueprints, aerial photography , and other topographical or geologic data to plan projects. Plan & design transportation or hydraulic system & structure, following construction & government standards, using design software & drawing tools. Compute & grade requirements, water flow rates, and material stress factor to determine design specification. Inspect project sites to monitor progress & ensure conformance to design specifications & safety or sanitation standards Direct construction, operations and maintenance activities at project site. Direct or participate in surveying to lay out installation and establish reference points, grades, and elevation to guide construction. Estimate quantities and cost of materials, equipments, or labor to determine project feasibility. Prepare & present public reports, such as bid proposals, deeds, environmental impact statements and property and right of way description. Test Soil & materials to determine the adequacy and strength of foundations, concrete, asphalt, or steel. Provide technical advice regarding design, construction, or program modifications and structural repairs to industrial & managerial personnel. Conduct studies to traffic patterns or environmental condition to identify engineering problems & assess the potential impact of project. Personal characteristics: Must be creative & innovative in solving problems and while designing. High numeracy and computer literate. Awareness of the ethical regulation pertaining to construction. Clear Verbal & Written communication. Ability to work as a team with leadership qualities. Confident decision making ability Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Fresher Keyskills CIVIL ENGINEER - PLANNING Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited (IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTM) is an Indian company conducting ecologicalinfrastructure projects and enabling building materials production based on ZymTecTMsoil stabilization technology, provided by iTecÂ­W.IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTMis an associated enterprise of the Israeli company IÂ­TecÂ­W Ltd, a global company that operates in the fields ofsoil stabilization, ecological road infrastructure, and manufacturing of ecological building materials.In addition the technology is applied in the concrete industry as a cement substitute, facilitating a saving of up to 60% of the cementcontent in the concrete mix Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details