TITLE: Opportunity with Crisil Bangalore- Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this !HIRING FOR CORPORATE SALES- BDO! Dear candidate, We have an opportunity with Crisil in Bangalore for Business Development Officer Designation: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER Department: RATINGS Short Summary: The role involves acquiring new Clients (mid-sized corporate companies) for the Credit Ratings. It would also involve managing the existing Client portfolios. Being a Sales Profile, this job involves travelling in the allocated area for Client Meetings, Bank Meetings and etc. Job Description: -Direct cold call in Industrial area in respective location (Industrial area) -Bank Branch Visit for collecting fresh data. Scheduling meeting with the prospective clients and promoting Crisil and benefits of credit ratings. -Following up with the clients post client acquisition for payment and feedback on the ratings. -Getting feedback from the customers and sharing with the analytical team -Collection of surveillance fees for the rating process -Collect Mandates for enhanced debt facilities from existing clients. -Banker meetings/presentations to be organized in the area/city for the respective bank branches to update them on the Bank loan ratings products and the processes. We need candidates who are: -Having good communication skills. -The candidate should be willing to travel for work purpose. Payroll: Randstad Mafoi- Basis individuals performance, the person will be absorbed on the rolls of Crisil. Experience: 0-6 yrs Salary Offered: 2-3 lpa (depending up on the years of experience and nature of work) Variables: incentives on every Client Acquisition/ revenue generation Age Limit: Up to 32 years Few Points to be known about CRISIL: WHO WE ARE: CRISIL is a global analytical company providing ratings, research, and risk and policy advisory services.We are India's leading ratings agency. We are also the foremost provider of high-end research to the world's largest banks and leading corporations. With sustainable competitive advantage arising from our strong brand, unmatched credibility, market leadership across businesses, and large customer base, we deliver analysis, opinions, and solutions that make markets function better. About the Ratings business: A rating indicates the degree of risk regarding timely payment of the bank facility being rated. CRISIL commenced rating bank loans following the Reserve Bank of India's guidelines on capital adequacy for banks in 2007. The team rates all types of bank facilities: term loans, project loans, corporate loans, general purpose loans, working capital demand loans, cash credit facilities, and non-fund-based facilities, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees. For more information please visit www.crisil.com Feel free to connect with us on 022-3342 45331931 or nidhi.arya@crisil.com **We have multiple opportunities. Kindly share this email with your friends / colleagues / relatives so that you and all can take an advantage of it. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Incentives as per client acquisition Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Sales Coordinator Keyskills lead generation sales direct sales Corporate Sales Business Development BDO sales executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: CRISIL Please visit www.crisil.com to know about CRISIL. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details