TITLE: Deputy Manager Quality Assurance(food Industry) Mumbai Candidates only

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Food Safety & Product Quality - Monitor and liaison with product owners to resolve product quality or operational issues in the restaurant. - Assess and assures restaurants have in place systems and procedures to assure the safest food products to our systems. - Manage a product complaint process; follow up activities and verification of corrective action to ensure in store food safety. - Manage and Summarize suppliers audit reports with solutions to the problems and prioritizing the most important opportunities for QSSC (Quality, service, safety and cleanliness) improvements in the market. - Coordinate and organize Regular product cutting program for management to evaluate product performance to measure product and supplier performance to manage quality control. - Coordinate the product evaluation program and update CQAM and suppliers on their product scoring by A/P lab Food Laws and Local Public Health Regulations - Monitor and update the CQAM & legal on the food laws changes and its impact on our business. - Develop a strong professional relationship and communication with the Industry associations to keep updated on the development related to food. - Follow up with suppliers on validation of their lab testing methods which correlate with testing methods and procedures of local regulatory labs to ensure total compliance. Operations and Training effectiveness - Coordinate with training and operations management to provide training on food safety systems and technical advice to prevent food safety problems at restaurants. - Provide support to training and equipment to develop quality and safety procedures,, maintenance and equipments in the market. - Work closely with Ops and Training management to establish quality and safety measurement systems so opportunities for improvement are identified and acted on. - Coordinate with training on new product introduction into the system on procedures, equipment Handling , follow up on operations issues and summarizing the performance of product - Leverage technical resources of key product suppliers to provide training and product information to restaurant and training management to ensure consistent quality, better yields and product safety. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Food Technologist / Microbiologist from premier institutes like CFTRI / UDCT / SNDT will be preferred5-7 years well rounded experience in Quality assurance in Food/FMCG IndustryCandidates based in cities other than Mumbai need not apply pls Company Profile: People Konnect Hiring for one of the leading companies in the Food/Restaurant Industry Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details