TITLE: Manager- International Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Please note that the candidate will be initially based in Plant 18 managing Nigeria region. The selected candidate will be transferred to Lagos (Nigeria) within 3-4 months of joining. KRAs for the selected candidate: 1. Leadership and Business Results 2. Achieving Retail sales Value (Locks and Cartini) 3. Operating Expenses Control for the countries in the region 4. Achieving B2B Sales & Original Equipment Manufacturing Business in identified country / countries 5. Long term planning for assigned countries and Developing Service setup 6. Create brand awareness and product awareness in assigned markets Job Description The incumbent will look after the West Africa region for Locks division. He / She will be responsible for:- 1. Achievement of sales value for Godrej and Cartini brand of products. 2. Retailing as per collage norms 3. Increase depth and width in target countries. 4. Develop service setup with the distributors in targeted countries. 5. Develop brand in the assigned markets. 6. Develop Long term partners in targeted markets. 7. Plan and execute various sales promotional activities. 8. Improve Distributor / Retailer Satisfaction 9. Develop & Plan placement of merchandising in various retails outlets and monitor their usage. 10. Analysis of secondary sales and distributor stocks and work on improvement. 11. Guide the distributor-s sales head and his team for exploring their business in existing and new territories 12 Product Training and Development of the distributor / Retailer-s sales team members. 13. Compilation of competitor information / market feedback and recommend for appropriate actions. 14. Key Accounts Management and Competitive Intelligence 15. Develop B2B and B2C business in assigned territories 16. Develop customer wise business plans and execute the same. 17. Preparing and sending MIS on a regular basis and use information effectively for improving sales & services. 18. Arranging distributor / retailer / architects etc. meets 19. Conduct reviews with distributors 20. Participate country specific exhibitions / Product Promotions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development retail sales service mis merchandising exhibitions brand awareness competitive intelligence usage key accounts management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Website http://www.godrej.com/ Industry Other Industry (Conglomerate/ Diversified Group) Company Turnover 2500 - 5000 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details