TITLE: Smartphone & Tablet App Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Independently develop & test smart applications for smart-phones and tablets Knowledge of the complete project lifecycle execution Use of best coding practices using Agile development flow Apply his/ her knowledge of software development processes and contribute in developing functional specifications, design specifications, Unit & Integration test specifications. Independently own modules within project and deliver their modules on time with very high quality. Should implement the code and execute unit & integration test plans for the assigned modules. Independently work and resolve problems found during internal testing & post product release. Apply his/ her knowledge on job and actively involved in coming with innovative solutions to problems. Actively share information and communicate clearly to team members. Adaptation capabilities of industry proven coding standards. Ability to ensure quality of deliverables. Code reviews, Tracking bugs and Documentation, Positive attitude, Good Communication and Analytical skills. Technical Skills: SqlLite, Mac OS, Android OS, API Integration. All positions are in leadership level and incumbent should have an open mind for posting across India and International Placement. Compensation, future growth prospects and positive work environment is assured. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills android software development coding documentation api tracking standards knowledge integration test integration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atkom Infotech Private Limited Atkom Infotech, a software international conglomerate, is one of the fastest growing software company in India and across the globe. Company founded in 2000. Atkom firmly believes that productivity, credibility and team spirit are essential elements for any organization to overcome challenges of time and this has been the cornerstone of companys working as it expanded and grew in each of business segment during the last 5 years. The founders are young, talented, dynamic, friendly retaining the culture & ethics to its fullest. The group along with its existing team members is known of creating some of the iconic software programs for its top clients. Atkom is respected for delivering some of the most difficult projects in challenging situations on the strength of its dedicated people. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details