TITLE: Engineer R D

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Preparing Technical Commercial Offers of Audio Video System. Preparing customized quotation proforma invoice. Compiling complete information consisting of Drawings, Brochures, etc. Writing brief notes on the project. Coordination of payments from customers with accounts department. Candidate Profile Graduate in Science or Commerce. Technical Diploma or Degree Optional. Commercial and Business sense. Excellent communication skills in English (spoken written English) Computer Skills: Windows, MS Office, Tally ERP (Optional) Basic knowledge of taxes, duties Basic Knowledge of Geography (national international) Basics Knowledge of Transportation Logistics (Road/Air/Sea) . Preferably Residing in Western Mumbai (travel time should not exceed 1 hr 15 min) . ELECTRONIC ENGINEER (R D) Job Description QC of our products at Ghanshyam and Palghar Factory. Servicing and troubleshooting of products. Development of products. Related to QC: Verify the quality of components before assembly into finished product. Responsibly conduct qualitative and electronic tests on all finished products Training the production staff on assembly skills, efficiency and quality. Write test procedures. Maintain QC and Production report. Co- ordinate with management for delivery of the finished products. Related to Repair Service : Troubleshooting faulty equipments and preparation of fault sheets. Check, detect and inform customer of fault in the system and provide an approximate cost estimate. Raise and submit timely requisition of materials components required and follow- up with internal staff for timely procurement. Bill the customer and ensure receipt of payment for services rendered. Fill in a report detailing problem identification and steps taken to rectify the problem. Co- ordinate with Sales, Logistics and management for delivery of the products. Providing telephonic technical support to customer. Related to Development of Products: Develop analogue and digital audio products - Professional and Consumer. PCB designing simulation with the help of software like Protel, Circuit Maker, etc. Assembling and testing of prototypes. Identify source and evaluate components. Coordinate production and Quality Control of equipment. Prepare documentation and assist marketing. Prepare user manuals and brochures. Validation of equipment. Training Development of juniors in R D department and factory shopfloor. Degree / Diploma in Electrical OR Electronics Engineering from reputed institution. The candidate must have special interest in Audio and Music. Hands- on approach to work. Continuous up- gradation of Knowledge Skills Excellent communication skills and be a team player. The eligible candidates will be working in a technically advanced environment with the highly skilled engineering team. AUDIO VIDEO SYSTEM DESIGN INSTALLATION ENGINEER Job Profile Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pulz Pulz Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details