TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Preferably having 3 Year in Sales & Marketing Experience in IT Website Development/ Software Industries. Candidates having Team Leading Experience would be an added advantage as Profile includes handling a team of BDE . Identify and meet potential client for B2B vertical through various medium Telephonic, Chat, Social Networking Website, Bidding Website, etc. Candidate having strong Project Management & other documentation skill sets would be Preferred. Analyze the demographic & personal details of the clients. Analyze & develop the business strategies for Website Development & Mobile Application services. Develop & Coordinate Sales Selling Cycle & Methodology. Analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of Sales, Methods, Costs & Results. Analyze Human Resource strategies in responding to new projects. Need to form strategy on the basis of Company's Goal & to achieve that. Desired Candidate Profile: Good hands on 3 Year International/Offshore Sales experience in Website/Mobile Application Development Company. Should have Team Leading experience specially in Business Development profile like BDE, Lead Generators, etc. Good Verbal & Written English Communication Skill. Strong Co-ordination Skill. Strong Sales Record Result oriented attitude Must be Confident, Motivated and should have good networking skills Promote positive relations with clients. Can have attitude to over achieve the given targets. Additional Required Details: Provide leadership and management to multiple development teams and projects. Consult with customers to understand and analyze operational procedures and information generation or utilization needs, as well as the project requirements and scope including the risk, time, and cost . Technical Project Management experience in technologies such as .NET, PHP, Mobile Applications (Iphone & Android (yet to come)), Open Source. Communicating effectively in writing and preparing project development documents. Created and owned overall technical/project documents . Develop the project plan including the resource, skill and skill level requirements Develop procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures Develop review schedules and acceptance criteria at each phase of the project Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills selling human resource bidding project management generators documentation website english handling offshore Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism The HRism Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details