TITLE: Social Media Marketing (SMO) Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary Excellent English writing skills, strong vocabulary, good reading and comprehension skills is a must have. Creating brand communication strategies for our client brands Interacting with the client from time to time Manage Social Media / community based marketing & online customer interactions. Manage Online & Offline promotional activities Job Description We are looking for bright, energetic, sincere and committed people for a LONG-TERM association. She/he should be familiar with Social Media tools and platforms and should be very active on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Forums, and Blogs. She/he should enjoy interacting online with others and building online relationships with other bloggers and Social Media specialists. Good command over English language Knowledge and understanding of technology, search, new trends in Social Media . Stay current with all Social Media industry trends, developments and best practices. Ability to develop a business vision for Social Media, including goals & results. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Social Media Marketing (SMO) Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The Brand Saloon Established in 2008, The Brand Saloon Digital Marketing agency is headquartered in Mumbai with offices in Europe and the US. We offer a tailored mix of digital marketing services including Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Pay Per Click Management (PPC), Social Media Optimization (SMO), Display Advertising, Media Planning and Buying, Online Reputation Management (ORM) and Content Writing, for clients across business verticals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details