TITLE: Civil Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description KEY ROLES and RESPONSIBILITIES : 1.Perform and produce by carrying out analysis and design using appropriate softwares. 2.Familiarity with regulations and industry codes and standards 3.Directly supervises Cad operators & PDS operators 4.Preparing and checking of designs and design drawings. 5.Maintain records, check prints, check lists, commented copies and relevant P&ID, PFD data sheets/drawings/written communication etc. 6.Ensure and upload native files as per WBS in the native file server. 7.Allocate appropriate works and provide necessary engineering inputs to drafts men and designers. 8.Checking interfaces for issuing IFC drawings 9.Familiarity with regulations and industry codes and standards 10. Regularly checking of 3D model to make it clash free. 11.Planning for self and subordinate training 12.Adherence to IMS procedures and HSE procedures 13.Update job related issues to the concerned 14.Effective and proactive contribution in department development activities. 15.Compilation of data bank/documents 16.On time completion of assigned tasks. REQUIRED KEY SKILLS : 1.Good Knowledge of design of RCC and steel structures preferably in the process Industry. 2.Design Software- Staadpro and any other design softwares 3.Computer Applications: Windows operating systems. 4.Working as per the quality and safety requirement standards. 5.Adopting a flexible and open approach towards the needs of projects 6.Effective and proactive contribution in department development activities. REQUIRED QUALIFICATION: Degree in Civil Engineering from Indian University (UGC approved) or from Overseas University. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills cad development pds hse standards civil engineering checking documents regulations ims Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SNC-Lavalin Engineering India Pvt Ltd SNC-Lavalin Engineering India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details