TITLE: Tech Lead (UI Development, Javascript, Angular)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Hope you are doing good! This is in reference to your resume posted in Naukri. We have an wonderful opportunity with our esteemed client for Tech Lead (UI Development, JavaScript, Angular) :: Bangalore. Please find the job description for the position below. Job Description: Strong experience in Javascript framework like AngularJS, RequireJS, BackboneJS, JQuery Hands on experience in developing Windows and Web applications using .Net (C#.Net,ASP.Net) with Visual Studio 2010, 2013. Hands on experience in developing .Net MVC 5 application Knowledge of WebServices REST, SOAP and WebAPI Knowledge of SQL 2012. Knowledge of IIS server; and deploying and hosting of .Net web applications Knowledge of cloud and Azure will be an added advantage Experience in building scalable high-performance client/server applications. A good working knowledge of UML. Should have considerably contributed to design and development. Interested to pursue career in technical path with contribution to design and development Excellent communication skills and experience with cross-site development. Ability to think logically and intuitively. Eager to contribute in a team-oriented environment Experience with Agile Software Development Excellent focus on execution, should ensure responsiveness to partner and management. Good problem solving skills If interested or if you have any references please mail the same along with below mentioned details with your updated resume Total years of experience : Relevant years of experience : Current salary : Expected salary : Availability/Notice Period : Current Location : Kind Regards, Preethi Rajendran Recruitment Specialist, PeopleStrong Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills JQuery Javascript MVC Azure UI Development C#.Net ASP.Net Web Services Visual Studio Rest soap xml mysql Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt. Ltd. PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is an India based multi-national HR Solutions and Technology company, that was founded in 2005. It is a platform-based mpHRO (Multi-process HR Outsourcing) and technology firm, headquartered at Gurgaon, India. The company specializes in HR shared services, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), payroll & compliance management, and cloud-based HR technology solutions. PeopleStrong is an 800 people team servicing over 500 companies. The company works in South East Asia, the UK and the US. The company is one of the first platform-based integrated HRO/RPO companies in India to be successfully assessed on Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 16 for reporting on controls by Auditing Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details