TITLE: PHP Developer/ Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Are you a PHP developer with strong fundamentals in PHP/MySQL, RDBM concepts, HTTP concepts and have 3 years of coding experience in PHP/MySQL. Do you have any prior experience in working with open source scripts,forums, Content Management Systems, trouble Ticket systems, Dating Sites ? You will be required on a daily basis to create scripts, programs and interfaces and to look after our clients\' databases. You will need to have at least 3 years professional experience as a fully explored programmer within the PHP language. The job requires you to have full working knowledge of PHP , MySQL including its capabilities and strengths. You would also need to have good understanding about web server and databases. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills open source php mysql coding http interfaces fundamentals php developer content management systems clients programmer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DhamakaHost Technologies DhamakaHost Technologies is an internet organisation Which deals with IT related services. DhamakaHost Technologies is the one of the best Hosting Service Providers (HSP). DhamakaHost Technologies founded in 2010 with aim to provide Hosting and Other related service to its customers located around the globe. Our first priority is to provide our customers with the best value and the most reliable hosting available, and the second is to take indian IT Industry to its new heights. DhamakaHost Technologies was founded with a straightforward and simple philosophy in mind: provide the highest quality service and support to every customer at a very low price. We realize that every customer have many selections when it comes to web hosting and we would like our service to set us apart from the competition. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details