TITLE: Senior Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : We are looking for an experienced Web Developer to help design and build our client\'s Auction Sales management service. You will work closely with Product Management and Marketing teams in defining and designing the product. You will be responsible for designing and building web pages that draw high traffic on our site. You will be working with a team of highly qualified and motivated engineers, building the next generation of our client\'s web services. Must have experience in HTML, DHTML, XML, ASP.NET or ASP, PHP. Must have experience in client side scripting such as Javascript. Experience in Macromedia Flash and Action Script is a plus. Understanding of cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility issues is integral. A solid design and implementation background either in e-commerce or client / server or distributed object oriented paradigms. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php javascript xml action script service product management client server asp net web html dhtml Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Elixir 360Â° Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ELIXIR has a number of strengths that help in achieving client satisfaction translating into rapid growth. These include Innovative, Unique and Differentiated solution providing. Proven track record of successful implementation of major web hosting / solutions projects. Skilled and experienced certified staff that always adapt with the latest technologies and tools. Long term partnership with the leader with technology backed with support. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details