TITLE: Engineer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent communication written and verbal. Windows Administration preferably Windows 2K3, 2K8. Knowledge of SQL 2K8, 2K12 installation, database creation, backup. Hands on experience on DNS, IIS, Antivirus. Carry out the advance level of troubleshooting on Windows OS and applications. Work in a 24 X 7 Environment (NOC). Extend technical support the Clients over email, Portal and phone. Responsible for the uptime of the various client projects being managed / monitored. Ensure that the tickets raised per shift are closed as per SLA and if not escalate as per the escalation Matrix defined. Raise and also technically update the tickets in ticketing system for all the issues handled / worked upon. Shift report generation on daily issues handled / escalated in the form of Daily reports. Work on the change request and new Installations. Apply patches to the OS or upgrade OS as and when required, as per the approval from the respective Team Leaders. Experience on Symantec NetBackup. Monitoring Management of Backup Application. Ensure earlier resolution to the issues to meet SLA. Following up with Vendors Partners hardware software whenever required resolve issues by minimizing downtimes. Customer related sundry activities. Creation of Knowledge base. Awareness of OS related securities. Help project team in commissioning of new customer and change request. Self development through training. Desirable: He/she has exposure to international customers especially with USA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills operations development networking commissioning technical support vendor management portal monitoring antivirus facilities Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details