TITLE: Compensations & Benefits Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Description: An HR compensation and benefits managerrsquos primary responsibility is designing, overseeing and implementing a companyrsquos compensation and benefits programs. The role is to monitor salary structures, balancing staffing needs, and ensuring that compensation and benefits policies, procedures and programs are in alignment with the organizationrsquos overall strategic objectives and HR vision. Typical job duties for HR compensation and benefits managers include consulting with internal business leaders, such as department heads and management, to assess benefits, compensation and compliance needs. Staying on top of changing central and state statutory regulations is one of the mandatory skill sets. The role is often required to research and make recommendations on increasingly complex employee insurance plans. Additional duties may include evaluating competitor compensation and benefits packages, creating policies and procedures, monitoring the payroll interface to ensure compliance and data integrity, and managing third-party payroll vendor. They are typically responsible for accurate data collection and analysis, as well as maintaining accurate employee records Conduct the annual job matching and market pricing of jobs within assigned business unit and assigned job families; applying job evaluation techniques to establish equitable compensation rates based on internal and external data. Administer the existing variable plans; Provide analysis to Business line and HR Leadership, evaluation and implementation of existing plans/changes in plan design, documentation and roll-out. Compensation and Benefits administration - Analytical Thinking - Highly energetic with ability to influence & persuade others - Self motivated with excellent execution skills - A focused driver with a structured process approach and ability to deliver outcomes - Excellent interpersonal skills High level of proficiency in networking internally and externally - Strong understanding on labour laws such as payment of wages act, gratuity act and so on. - Knowledge on Income Tax is additional advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Compensations & Benefits Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GEP GEP is a diverse, creative team of people passionate about procurement. We invest ourselves entirely in our clients success, creating strong collaborative relationships that deliver extraordinary value year after year.We deliver practical, effective services and software that enable procurement leaders to maximize their impact on business operations, strategy and financial performance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details