TITLE: Managment Trainee/Fresher - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: This is an excellent opportunity to join our sales team & to aware & maximise sales opportunities.We are looking for an ambitious and confident graduate ,looking to build career in sales . One need to be highly confident, articulate and driven to succeed in a fast paced environment combined with a real desire to succeed with a tenacious appetite for developing new business and building relationships. As sales professional, you will be responsible for all aspects of the sales cycle. This will include cold calling, lead generation, prospecting, qualifying and all other aspects of the sale. You will be responsible for building long term relationships, which are founded on the principles of ROI, and offering solutions that ultimately improve the overall business productivity and profitability of engineering and manufacturing environments. This will include - Pre-Sales and Post-Sales Business Development & Acquisition operations including Market research, cold calling, lead generation, prospecting, qualifying, Negotiation, Project Management, Manpoewr assignment & Handling and all other aspects of the engineering services coordination. You will be responsible for building long term relationships, which are founded on the principles of ROI, and offering solutions that ultimately improve the overall business productivity, Key Account Management, Project Management and profitability of engineering environments. Key coordination with Management for deciding, planning, forecasting business strategies, Planning & implementing Sales Strategies to meet business objectives of organisation Meet or exceed monthly and annual unit and revenue goals through large account mapping and key account management. Manage the end-to-end business development operations of the assigned territory and provide detailed, accurate monthly forecasts Work hand in hand with engineers to demonstrate solutions to fill client needs. Continue a coordinated effort to ensure client success and ongoing sales opportunities Desired Skills : Motivated by goals and targets Hard working, ambitious and competitive Excellent communication skills with good spoken and written English. Attention to detail with an organised and methodical approach to your work. Ability to work in a team as well as using own initiative. Someone who is flexible and able to deal with change and a busy workload. Ability to prioritize and work with minimal supervision Strong organizational skills and ability to manage own time Punctuality, reliability and accuracy are all keys Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills pre sales key account management cold calling market research coordination project management engineering services post sales prospecting forecasting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pelf Infotech Private Limited PELF meaning Riches, Prosperity is the outcome of Professionalism, Efficacy, Long-term Relationships and Flexibility in services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details