TITLE: Automation QA Selenium Navi Mumbai Noida and Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role:Automation QA Selenium Work Experience:5+ Years Place of Posting :Navi Mumbai Noida and Bangalore Salary: 10.0 Lac to 18.0 Lac PA Job Description: Automation QA Selenium Navi Mumbai Noida and Bangalore Role and Responsibilities with head scratching challenges: Proven competencies in OOPs, Java and RESTful webservices like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE etc. Hands-on with different code control and continuous integration systems such as Perforce, GIT, Jenkins, Hudson, Travis etc. Competencies in implementing and utilizing test automation frameworks, which emphasize maintainability, including common libraries, data driven testing, UI-independent testing, etc. Passionate for product quality and eagerness to learn new technologies. Expertise in open source test automation frameworks/tools such as Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, jUnit, Maven. Competencies in 3rd party integration testing is preferred. Desired Education/ Experience and Skills: BE/ B.Tech with 5 + years experience in Java and Selenium. Experience in software industry with an excellent understanding of various QA methodologies. Ability to lead complex projects from test planning through production launch. Experience in Object Oriented Programming Java is a must. Ability to quickly build rapport with developers, product management, and other QE team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience in Agile/Scrum environments. Good understanding of Java and Selenium practices, continuous integration and agile development. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech with 5 + years experience in Java and Selenium. Expert in Product Quality, OpenSource test automation frameworks/ tools, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, jUnit, Maven, 3rd party integration testing is preferred.Key Skills:RESTful webservices, GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, code control, Perforce, GIT, Jenkins, Hudson, Travis,Test Automation, Common Libraries, Data Driven Testing, UI-Independent Testing, Open Source, Test Automation Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, jUnit, Maven, 3rd Party Integration Testing, Agile, Scrum, Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting It is a full-lifecycle product development services leader that combines deep domain expertise and cross-industry experience to connect makers with markets worldwide. Using insight gained from working on innovative products and disruptive technologies, the company collaborate with customers to demonstrate how strategic research and development can become a tool for managing their future. Headquartered in the United States, the company operates design and engineering centers around the world, extending benefits of its authentic global presence to its customers in digital media, electronics, healthcare, infrastructure, finance, retail, and telecom industries. The company works with both start-ups and industry leaders, including over eighty percent of the world's top technology brands.Industry: Software Product Development Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details