TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience Required 8-10 Years experience in sewage/water sector involved in business development/marketing/sales. The candidate should have sound understanding of both technical and commercial aspects of the waste water treatment business. Experience in preparing bid documents for tenders. Responsible for marketing, customer relationship management and improvement of market reach. The job requires extensive travel within India. Candidates should have excellent communication & interpersonal Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills travel waste water treatment documents customer relationship management sewage water business development manager marketing sales marketing bid experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SFC Environmental Technologies Pvt.Ltd SFC is a global water and wastewater group of companies. It has offices and companies in India, Austria, Poland, Vietnam, Czech Republic, Egypt and China and a worldwide sales representative network. The Indian Operation of SFC Group, SFC Environmental Technologies Private Limited commenced in the year 2005 and has competent and well experienced team of professionals to handle large projects for water and wastewater treatment for industries, towns and cities. SFC supplies Cyclic Activated Sludge Technology (C Tech), an advanced sequential batch reactor technology. This technology is extensively used for treating domestic sewage and industrial effluents. A very high degree of treatment of waste water is achieved which makes it suitable for recycle and reuse at a very low cost of treatment and by using minimum space. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details