TITLE: Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Attending initial sales meetings and meeting the clients. Determining what their business requirements are, whether the products or services being considered are suitable. Efficiently handling the technical questions the client might have. Responsible for Implementations, E-governance, ERP, SAP, GPS, ISP etc. Manage clarifications and negotiations on technical, commercial and contractual aspects of the tender and review Contract documentation. Preparing Quotes/proposals. Regular Follow ups with Customers. Accounts & Sales Expansion. Developing strong client relations and maintaining corporate relations via telephone calls and emails. Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business. Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets. Negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales. Gathering market and customer information. Representing the organization at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations. Negotiating on price, costs, delivery and specifications with buyers and managers. Advising on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions. Desired Skills & Experience: Excellent Soft Skills & Communication Skills (interaction with clients, vendors and management). Technical background with awareness on commercials. Good sales and negotiation skills. Time Management skills. Willing to travel extensively in and around mentioned job locations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd Website http://www.esds.co.in Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (E-commerce, Dot coms, Web Solutions) Company Turnover 1 - 100 Crores Company Size 201 - 500 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details