TITLE: Executive - SQL DBA

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Database Administration activity for all the production databases - Uptime of databases , Information access times , Effective data management. Requirements gathering , Design and implement the databases for various systems being developed by IT for user departments - Availability of timely & accurate data to the customer. Troubleshooting and Support of data access related issues. Deployment of databases in the organization as and when required. Creation of various customized reports for customers as and when required. Data migration from various sources to the newly created databases. New user creation and giving access to that user in testing / production servers. Creating tables / views / stored procedures / triggers / user defined functions etc. in testing / production servers. Scheduling jobs in testing / production servers. Scheduling backups of different databases on testing / production servers. Skills and Competencies: Create and administer database objects including tables , indexes , views , sequences , procedures and database replication / log-shipping / mirroring. Database tuning , performance monitoring and troubleshooting. SQL query tuning , execution plan and index optimization. Ensure proper data transformation and migration between disparate systems. Ensure the integrity and reliability of data feeding financial systems Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills database administration troubleshooting stored procedures triggers optimization data migration data management functions replication tuning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FINO PayTech FINO PayTech is a business and banking technology platform combined with extensive services delivery channel that carries a vision to be the universally preferred choice of customers by fulfilling all financial service needs. It was founded on July 13, 2006 and is headquartered in Mumbai with offices across India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details