TITLE: Front Office Manager

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Radisson Blu Plaza Mumbai Powai, our upper upscale flagship hotel in the business capital of India. Managed by Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group, South Asia, the hotel is planned to open in the fourth Quarter of 2015. Located in the posh Powai region in suburban districts of Mumbai, the hotel is approximately 15 kms from Mumbai International Airport and close to the new Central Business District of north Mumbai. The property is designed by an internationally acclaimed interior designer lsquoM/s. Hirsch Bedner Associatesrsquo and Indiarsquos top architect lsquoM/s. Hafeez Contractorrsquo. Features 275 spacious and contemporary rooms and suites with modern facilities and personalized services. Dining options include: Multi Cuisine all day dining (120 covers), Asian Specialty Restaurant (120 covers), Indian Vegetarian Restaurant (76 covers), Tuscan Grill (70 covers), Lobby Bar & Lounge (41 covers). State-of-the-Art Business Centre with 05 meeting rooms. Banquet facility to accommodate up to 500 pax. Over 10,000 square feet of Spa, Fitness Centre and Health Club. As the Front Office Manager you manage the Front Office and related Departments by developing and implementing strategies and services which meet the needs of owners, employees and guests. Responsibilities include: Participates in the development of business strategies which are aligned with the overall objectives of the Hotel Manages the operation of Front Office and related areas Communicates and reinforces the service standard to employees Creates the first impression by supervising Front Office areas and the Concierge Assures the maximisation of total room occupancy by supervising the accurate listing of all future reservations Assists in the development of the Hotel business plan and ensures the department has an overall understanding of its goals and objectives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Front Office/Customer Care Role:Front Office/Guest Relations Executive/Manager Keyskills front office spa service health club facilities development office manager business strategies business plan options Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Carlson Pvt Ltd Website http://carlson.com/ Industry Hospitality & Tourism (Hotels/ Resorts) Company Turnover 10000 - 10000 Crores Company Size 10001 - 10001 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details