TITLE: Sr. .Net Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:The Applications Architect is responsible for the technology direction and roadmap for e-commerce, B2B, mobile applications and for the development of e-Emphasys customer's enterprise business services. The architect will be key contributor to leading enterprise-wide solutions and integration of various applications domain. This position will influence business leaders, technical leads and architects in achieving e-Emphasys strategic goals through the use of latest technology, new ideas and realizing successful development and implementation of business systems. Candidate is required to work across multiple projects and one or more disciplines in a leveraged capacity at all stages of the system lifecycle (define, design, and build). She /he will serve as an integral partner in the business development process and ensure that assigned projects comply with the e-Emphasys roadmaps and standards Education:Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering Skills:Microsoft . NET 4. 0/3. 5/3. 0, Web 2. 0, ASP. NET, C#, LINQ, WCF, MVC, JavaScript, AJAX, VS. NET 2010/2008, SQL Server 2012/2008, Oracle 11g/10g Experience: 10 years of enterprise-class web development experience Extremely fluent in . NET 4. 0, ASP. NET (C#), * N-Tier development, SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), XML-based web services Experience with Web 2. 0 technologies, JQuery, Javascript, Ajax Experience with MVC 2. 0/3. 0, * ORM Framework, Dependency Injection Framework Excellent debugging skills; able to debug complex technical issues involving multiple system components Experience advocating for and using new technology to build applications of the future Experienced in automated deployment tools such as MSBuild and Continuous Integration. Experience building secure web applications a plus * user authentication, role-based access control, n-tier architecture, DB/file encryption, input validation techniques Familiarity with LINQ and any design patterns, especially front-end design patterns such as MVC, MVP, and MVVM Fluent in MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, DB architecture/design, SQL development Experience with multi language support in a web application is preferred Familiarity with well-known security vulnerabilities and ability to address such vulnerabilities. Familiarity with performance analysis of a web application Effective problem solving and risk assessment skills Experience with Agile/SCRUM methodologies Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Desirable Experience: iOS development experience Android development experience Application Lifecycle using TFS experience MS Visio, ERwin (or similar Data Modeling tool) , Visual Source Safe, MS Team System, Charting solutions such as Zing Chart, Fusion Charts or MS Charts, nHibernat Any ERP experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills javascript xml ajax development android jquery wcf erp soa design patterns Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: e-Emphasys Technologies e-Emphasys Technologies is a global IT solutions company dedicated to helping Equipment Dealers and Rental companies achieve profitable growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details