TITLE: Graphic Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Graphic Designer at Boxmyspace About BoxMySpace BoxMySpace (boxmyspace.com) is an early stage startup with a very unique concept for urban cities. With the increased urbanisation, there is a big issue ofspace crunch in citieswhereby people have smaller apartments and offices. That's where we come in and we help our customers declutter their home and office space in the most simple and easy way. A one-stop platform for all the urban dweller's storage requirements. We provide storage in two options. a) By the Box - Customers order for our high quality storage boxes online and we deliver it to them at their doorsteps. Now, all they need to do is pack and store their things in the boxes. We then collect and store it for them safely. Now, anytime they want anything back from the box, we deliver the boxes back within 24-48 hours. Simple! b) By the Space - If someone wants a place to store their larger items, we provide space plans of 4ft x 4ft x 4ft and 6ft x 6ft x 6ft. Whatever fits in the space, we collect it from the customer's doorsteps and store it safely. Job Responsibilities: Develop engaging marketing creatives in various formats forthe following : Develop website and app interface and user flow keeping in mind usability and design patterns Work with content/copy writer and marketing lead to make sure the creatives are in line with communication strategy and brief Digital campaign Offline flyers Mailers Videos Event collaterals Desired Skills and Experience: Minimum 3 4 years of experience as a Graphic Designer (for marketing activities) 1 year of experience as a UI/UX Designer Hands-on experience with design tools : Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator Fair knowledge of front-end technologies - HTML, CSS Excellent communication and soft skills More important than the job responsibilities, we are looking for someone who is passionate about what we are doing and comfortable in joining a small but growing team. Tell your friends about this position More positions at Boxmyspace Get email updates for new positions at Boxmyspace Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills tools website email front end soft skills startup passionate photoshop options adobe illustrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BoxMySpace BoxMySpace Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details