TITLE: Urgent Opening with Leading Healthcare MNC for Mumbai Location

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from APEX Services!!! We have an urgent opening with one of the leading Dental Implants company for Marketing profile: Location: Mumbai (Powai) Designation: Product Manager Salary Range: 7LPA to 8LPA Experience Required: 3-5 years total work experience in marketing in medical devices/ speciality pharma organization preferably with 1-2 years of sales experience. Candidates with MBA/masters/relevant PG qualification from recognized colleges with 1-2 years of experience in marketing/sales will be considered. Job Responsibilities: Overall responsibility for digital marketing, marketing of the customised solutions product portfolio Creating marketing plans in line with global initiatives for the training and education workshops and executing them. Responsible for customer segmentation and product positioning. Tracking and reporting of market trends including competitor activities. Oversee the pricing, discounting as well as secure the right branding and impart key messages at events and exhibitions. Designing collaterals which include brochures and posters for doctors and patients, promotional offers and training and education brochures and ensure right distribution at appropriate forums. Building relations with key customers as well as potential customers by frequent market visits. Conduct regular information meetings with the different functions in the organisation in order to update them on new products, changes, promotions, campaigns, etc. Secure compliance to branding guidelines and global initiatives. Responsible for local launch plans for new products and solutions for the Indian market based on global launch plans and regulatory time plans. Adherence to timely reporting to global/region/country. If interested please share your updated resume on recruit.corp2@apexservices.in or call on 0522 4096777(Ext: 201) Thanks & Regards Pallavi Bansal APEX Services Human Resource Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Apex Services Leading manpower search firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details