TITLE: Manager - Hr

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this National Payments Corporation of India (An ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company) :: NPCI in News Number of Positions: Place of posting: Age as on 01. 06. 2015: 28 years to 32 years Educational Qualification: PG in Human Resources or MBA (HR) Regular Full Time Course. Experience Minimum post qualification experience of 5- 8 years managing HR function. Key Responsibilities:: Ability to interact with Senior Management team on people initiatives, proactively identify people related challenges which need intervention to arrest people issues. Design and implement variousHRprograms, policies, processes within the location to drive the people agenda at a location level Responsible for ensuring seamless execution ofHRprocesses- Performance management process, Progression and fulfilment processes, Employee Perception Survey etc. Drive Employee engagement initiatives, welfare activities and other events in the location. Anchor retention initiatives and meet attrition targets for the location. Represents the HR function at the location and ensure employee satisfaction. Anchor process improvement projects in HR domain. MIS/reporting as per the internal guidelines Need to have strong pulse of the floor to be able to share useful information, floor intelligence with leaders which helps them make appropriate people decisions. Should be action oriented with eye for detail and thoughtful in business interactions, good stage presence for client meetings etc. To conduct employee relations activities in the location. Act as Employee Champion for all employees in the location. Essential Knowledge: End to End HR Process Knowledge Labour Laws Competencies: Excellent oral and written communication. Ability to interact and coordinate effectively with internal and external business partners. Ability to effectively direct and manage multiple functions. Well- organized, approachable, proactive individual who is team player with the right attitude. The ideal person for this position is a self- starter, who can immediately take the lead in the job. Note: The eligibility criteria can be relaxed for the candidates with strong domain knowledge and experience. Site Best Viewed in 1024x768 Resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills payments retention policies process improvement performance management events labour laws employee engagement functions proactive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: National Payments Corporation of India National Payments Corporation of India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details