TITLE: Sr. User Interface Designer - TCS iON

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description TCS iON is a IT-as-a Service solution that is used by manufacturing industries, educational institutions and exam boards. TCS iON is a strategic business unit of Tata Consultancy Services. The UX team at iON is responsible to create unique experiences for its customers. As a team member of the User Experience team, you will actively partner in the development and delivery of dynamic solutions supporting a best-in-class consumer experience for Ion. The UX team is responsible to develop solutions ranging from websites, web applications to Touch screen interfaces for Stationery and Handheld devices. Job Description Work on UI designs in the form of sketches, story boards, wire frames, and interactive prototypes Coordinate with product management teams to gather information regarding new features and functionalities Generalize design techniques that can be applied to achieve high quality results with minimum time Ensure that all User Interface designs meet usability objectives and user requirements Independently produce detailed design specification documents Test and review product for usability defects Skills Must-Have Attention to detail and a good eye for aesthetics Good User Interface design skills An affinity for consistency, color use, typography, and a keen eye for subtle details Worked with front-end developers to provide guidance and review output An ability to mentor and train junior designers to achieve desired results Excellent written and oral communication skills An up-to-date knowledge of latest design trends and technologies Good-to-Have Knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSS Experience in creating UI design for handheld devices Knowledge of web accessibility and its implementation Qualifications Graduate or Masters degree in Human Computer Interaction, Fine Arts (BFA/MFA), Information Design, Industrial Design (B.Des/M.Des) or any equivalent qualification Additional Information Role Definition - A senior level professional role. Evaluation, originality or ingenuity required. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a particular field. Has mastered the basic job duties. Performs work under general supervision that is varied, and may be difficult, yet typically involves limited responsibility. Work Experience - Possesses a portfolio demonstrating 4+ yrs of exp in UI design demonstrating expertise web based applications. Proficiency in the ability to convert ideas into beautiful, intuitive and functional user interfaces using design tools like Photoshop, CorelDraw/ Illustrator and flashnfidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills javascript development jquery photoshop illustrator user interface product management front end interfaces Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Techdew UX Design Pvt. Ltd. Techdew UX Design Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details