TITLE: Developer

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Audience Developer_Mumbai_3- 8 years_Luxury This is a career opportunity with a leading publishing house in the luxury space. They are seeking an Audience Developer . Given below is the brief about the company and the job description. The company is a renowned provocative, influential, award winning content- across brands, across platforms, and across continents. They are committed in attracting new talent to keep them at the top of our business.They are committed to attracting new talent to keep them at the top of our business. If you are looking to be part of a culture of excellence marked by editorial integrity and superior design, we invite you to explore this career opportunity and see how your talent and aspirations might fit within the company. The candidate must have a minimum 3 year of digital marketing experience. Job details Execution and monitoring of content syndication across partner channels on a daily basis Grow audiences organically via email/ database marketing, retargeting/ remarketing, Experience in SEO, SEM and Audience Data. Audience Development / growth of all the company's social channels via paid promotion + partnerships/associations Planning and execution of all social media promotion of new business/brand extension campaigns, signature events Planning and execution of all social media contests related to the above Tracking/Monitoring and preparing weekly report for the above campaigns Plan and promote online consumer basis on a bi- annual basis across all brands Requirements: Demonstrable marketing experience, preferably gained in an academic or business publishing environment with experience of digital and direct marketing; The ideal candidate must be highly organised, motivated and confident. You will also have proven ability to work accurately and quickly without supervision; to prioritise and manage a challenging workload and to work on your own initiative; Creative flair, attention to detail, with excellent copywriting and proofreading skills; Excellent interpersonal and relationship- building skills; First class written and verbal communication skills; Educated to degree level, or equivalent; Willingness to undertake occasional travel. Duties and responsibilities may be adjusted based on years of experience. Salary is also commensurate with experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Direct Marketing Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ushta Te HR Consultancy Services LLP Ushta Te HR Consultancy Services LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details