TITLE: Content Developer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required: Fluent with industry terminology, good with financial client data dissemination, clear understanding of the current market as well as the latest information from the RBI as well as the nuances of the new budget. This is essential for accuracy of content. If the candidate does not have this, he/she should be open to learning this on-the-job. Good understanding of the basics of the financial industry, how tax works, pros and cons that you should look out for, how personal loans can be managed, how personal loan interest rates can affect you, how your credit score is important, how a car loan can be obtained, the steps that you need to follow to get a loan, the documents that are essential for any loan process, etc. With good English writing skills, who can write well about such topics. Candidate must be able to jump from industry to industry i.e. from writing about Banks and finance, he/she should be able to then write about tourism or VISA-related services. Good with intensive research that is needed for any article. Understands how Search Engine Optimisation works and has a working understanding on how to manage Google Adwords and website traffic management. This is essential in order to get more keywords or variations that can be fit into the article when the targeted keyword is too long or does not Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Content Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Puretech Internet Pvt. Ltd Since 1999, Puretech Internet has been helping companies achieve business goals worldwide. With award-winning expertise, and by following international best practices, we provide clients with innovative, integrated web-based solutions.Puretech is headquartered in Mumbai, India with a satellite office in the US - San Francisco, CA. Our dynamic team of talented and skilled professionals has diverse experience and expertise in IT, marketing, business, and design.With the highest standards for communication, teamwork, and professional excellence, we are firmly committed to our clients success Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details