TITLE: QA Program Manager - Medical Devices

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Lead professional for the Digital Testing Center of Excellence who serves as a technical subject matter expert and direct liaison to application development teams. The QA Program Manager will represent the Quality Assurance Methodology within the Software Development Lifecycle. The successful candidate will be responsible for the planning, design, and implementation of testing and QA solutions and quality initiatives for key medical device product testing programs within GE. Essential Responsibilities Coordinate with software Product development, research and application teams to design, document, & review test plans & specifications against complex system architectures. Implement, execute and analyze testing and QA solutions and results for all levels of quality assurance testing. Demonstrate command of quality assurance tools, systems analysis, automated testing, debugging, documentation, and adherence to IT standards & controls. This person will need to embody the culture emerging as part of the GE Digital transformation, and will be expected to drive tremendous business Impact in incremental approach. Serves as a lead technical expert / SME on key programs. Plan, design and implement world class software testing solutions Lead testing for key software programs by partnering with project teams to translate technical requirements into test solutions. Drive, review and apply test engineering concepts and quality into project team roadmaps and schedules. Document test requirements, test plans, and test specifications in concert with application project managers. Provide analysis and debug of complex application and test issues. Provide thought leadership on test automation solutions functional and non-functional. Provide system support for respective business unit. Perform duties essential to reporting and documenting of system problems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Software Testing QA Test Engineering Automation Testing Product Testing Software Development Life Cycle Quality Assurance Software Product Development Medical Devices Application Development QA Program Manager Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related technical discipline, or equivalent work experience A minimum of 8+ years of IT experience 5+ years IT experience in managing highly effective global teams. Experience working in a global environment team members working remotely located in various time zones Demonstrated track record of leading technical and project teams, especially in quality assurance and testing domain. Should possess prior experience in test automation/framework development in functional and/or performance testing with testing tools like UFT, Selenium, LoadRunner or similar. Established organizational, planning, and project management abilities Strong interpersonal & verbal/written communication skills Ability to influence and gain commitment at all organizational levels Strong critical thinking and decision-making ability Ability to operate across technical and functional teams effectivelyDesired Characteristics Strong knowledge of Healthcare systems and/or medical devices/instrumentation products. Experience working with offshore Agile development teams, especially with multiple scrum teams in parallel. Experience in Test automation Good presentation client handling skills Willingness to travel inter-city across different client sites. Working knowledge of SDLC including waterfall and agile development practices. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details