TITLE: Electronics Technicians and Engineers

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Primary Responsibilities: To repair, test and diagnose electronic circuit boards down to the components without schematics. To modify circuit boards to improve the functionality of the boards based on customersrsquo requirements. 2. Qualifications / Experience required: A Degree or Diploma in Electronics. Team leadership, good organizational skills, and very motivating for others in the team. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Previous work experience in an ISO 9000 environment is an asset. Experience with repair and rework on Surface Mount is a definite asset. Experience in removal and insertion of BGA is an asset. 3. Compensation: The ideal candidate will be rewarded with an excellent compensation package including further possibility of advancement within the department, excellent base salary, year-end bonus, medical insurance, candidacy for the employee share ownership plan. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Heavy Keyskills Electronics Technicians and Engineers Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Autonum Controls Pvt. Ltd Autonum Controls Pvt. Ltd. is India\'s largest multi-discipline printed circuit board repair organization serving the defense, aerospace, medical, telecommunications, petrochemicals, fertilizer, chemical, and industrial / robotics industries.\'There are jobs and there are careers\'At ACPL, we offer only the second kind. So, if you want to do more than punch a clock and sleep-walk through a set of procedures memorized out of a 3-ring notebook, you have come to the right place. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details