TITLE: Manager - Internal Audit

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent would be responsible for: 1. Type of audit (Operational , Conformance , Investigative and Management) 2. Conducting a methods study of all activities of the locations being audited and suggest improvements 3. Using PC as a tool of audit to improve the areas of coverage 4. Assessing adequacy and correctness of accounting records 5. Carrying out adhoc reviews to investigate any area identified 6. Checking the processes and ensure that internal controls systems are adequate 7. Ensuring proper segregation of duties and study the adequacy of the same 8. Ensuring compliance to various statutes applicable , accounting standards and also compliance with the company procedures and policies laid down 9. Identifying non value added activities 10. Ensuring that audit findings are correctly and factually reported 11. Providing inputs for improvements in internal control systems , processes , avenues for cost savings and profit maximization 12. Ensuring that the report is concise and should convey the observations and create the desired impact on the reader 13. Constant written follow up with auditees for implementation of audit suggestions 14. Periodic meetings with the auditees 15. Reporting periodically the implementation of the audit suggestions , and summarize the implementation status 16. Recording the reasons for non-implementation wherever applicable 17. Preparing work papers during audit activity 18. Documenting process flow chart , collect and file relevant policies and procedures 19. Maintaining copies of all query sheets 20. Documenting how the query has been resolved 21. Having proper referencing with all documents and audit points 22. Assisting in preparing the audit check list and internal control check list and to update the audit check list and internal control check list periodically 23. Filing properly all documents and work papers for easy retrieval in future 24. Analysis of control flow charts for key business processes and critical parts of key processes , with a view to identify weaknesses 25. Efficiency of use of resources , duplication of work , adequacy of control procedures Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Keyskills filing operational documents internal audit procedures control internal control implementation maintaining internal controls Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Website http://www.godrej.com/ Industry Other Industry (Conglomerate/ Diversified Group) Company Turnover 2500 - 5000 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details