TITLE: Product Manager - Debit Cards

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB ROLE:- Handling the details on Profit & loss of all Debit Card Products. Market mapping in terms of latest trends, products, activities etc. Conducting training sessions on the products whenever required. Coordination with CPC /Marketing /BSG /Legal /Compliance etc. teams for all matters related to the product lines. Drive strategic business objectives and business performance through periodic campaigns, customer relationship enhancement initiatives and process linked initiatives. Work towards developing new/improved product offerings with an objective of maximizing profit, reducing cost and risk and improve customer experience. Analyzing the trends on debit cards spends, category, segment, type of txn etc to increase PoS spends on debit card base and also increasing the no. of transacting customers. Tracking the various income channels and commence drive to achieve business targets. JOB REQUIREMENT:- Excellent written & oral communication skills with customer service orientiation. Detailed knowledge of MS Xls , word, power point, access etc. Should be of Analytical mind with flare for numbers. Strong domain knowledge of debit card product & portfolio. Well versed with product and process details related to debit card. Knowledge on VISA /MasterCard /RuPay / AMEX/ Closed Loop products. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Product Manager Keyskills Product Manager Debit Cards VISA MasterCard RuPay AMEX Closed Loop product VISA Master Card Rupay Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: People Konnect Leading Bank. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details