TITLE: Vice President - Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : A top SEEPZ co. having about 2500 software professionals needs a marketing head. The position reports to the CEO. Would mentor and guide a team of 40 marketing professionals spread across US, Europe, Far-East. Would redefine business development strategies. Forging strategic off-shore, technical, marketing alliances in US and Europe, taking leverage of technical expertise areas of the company would be the KRAs Would also be responsible for infusing value-addition in the services offered. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills business development alliances co forging marketing vice president europe be technical marketing strategies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASCENT TECHNO PEOPLE Ascent Techno People is a leading Executive search and recruitment consulting firm specializing solely in the software and IT placements in India and Overseas. We also bring in Strategic Alliances & Business Opportunities for our valued client. Our clients include many of the top employers in India and overseas. We combine a commitment to personal, confidential attention with the reach and market penetration you would expect of an industry specialist. At ATP we never lose sight of the fact that we are peoples people. We work in competitive markets where it is the people who can ultimately give competitive advantage and help grow an organization nurturing its values and broadening its vision in an ever-dynamic IT world. We are committed to the highest ethical standards with regards to confidentiality and accountability while providing a superior level of service to our clients/candidates. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details