TITLE: Managing Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Considered a thought- leader, the Managing Consultant leads the development, implementation, and integration of solutions, including methods, techniques and tools that increase the value of technology to Neudesic clients. The Managing Consultant is directly responsible for ensuring that Neudesicrsquos technology initiatives produce superior business performance at the project level. This role requires a high level of technical expertise, strong team leadership, project management, and staff development. Engagement: Ensure team morale & teamwork amongst assigned project teams. Establish and manage the structure of each engagement (e.g., which disciplines do what, when and how, and resolving discipline lead problems if any) . Ensure profitability of each engagement including, but not limited to; working with Sales to optimize engagement profitability and or value to Neudesic. Carefully balance the needs of each project team members (internal and client staff) to lead each project to a successful outcome. Ensure client and Neudesic interests are aligned and provide recommendations to management for remediation if needed Escalate risks & issues to Delivery Management as necessary. Understand and embody the principles of being a Servant Leader to the team Delivery: Own and maintain overall accountability for successful engagement delivery. Serve as the expert in developing against Neudesicrsquos methodology and processes, with particular focus on Agile frameworks. Enable dissemination and assimilation of our Delivery standards and processes through leading by example. Set and ensure quality standards for project deliverables. Determine what is a change request, when, how and if to implement. Prioritize Engagement Management efforts (e.g., with a vast number of active, prospective and planned projects the teamrsquos efforts need to be actively monitored and adjusted based on priorities) . Balance Cross- Project Resourcing (e.g., ensure current and future resources requirements are met) . Facilitate all project related vendor relationships. Coordinate and monitor accurate billing. Review key documentation, to be sure itrsquos focused to the appropriate audience (technical vs. business) . Provide weekly project status reports. Assist the customer Product Owner with prioritizing the backlog, sizing and sequencing work, and facilitating the Agile process Provide assessments of consultants performance for management Client Management: Manage communication between Neudesic and each client - making the determinations as to what, when and how things are communicated. Be the key point of contact and partner for each assigned client engagement. Obtain and maintain complete project sponsor ldquobuy- inrdquo of each project. Establish a rapport and confidence with assigned clients. Coordinate and lead weekly status meetings with each assigned client. This also includes amalgamating each projectrsquos status into one document and ensuring appropriate lsquokey questionsrsquo are answered in a manner suitable for the engagement. Understand what project success means to the customer and drive to that outcome Coach and mentor customers on the process of Agile software development Business Development: Work with Sales to ensure projects are relevant, accurately estimated and prioritized during the proposal phase. Notify Sales about new opportunities Methodology & Process Improvement: Simplify Neudesic methodologies and processes, so that Neudesic Delivery Teams meet the stated goals and objectives. Occasionally support internal initiatives to improve or develop new delivery processes Additional Skills & Competencies: Must be a self- starter who requires minimal supervision. Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple projects and rapidly changing priorities. Ability to communicate with clients at all levels. Ability to come up with the best solution for given requirements. Ability to provide reasonably accurate estimates for projects. Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or industry equivalent. Project Management Institute (PMP) Certification and/or Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) or Certified Product Owner (CSPO) highly desired. Ability to travel 25% Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills project management agile business development pmp documentation billing client management tools methods Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Neudesic LLC Neudesic LLC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details