TITLE: Channel Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: To identify, recruit and on-board new channel partners within assigned territory. Ensures partner compliance with partner agreements, partner profile, empanelment details. To develop and execute joint business plans with Partner to meet sales goals. Drive Partner tiring, targets, incentives programs and engagement at various levels. Responsible for training of Sales team of Partner. Educate partners about product portfolio and services offered. Manage sales and marketing activities for partners to generate leads and revenue. To drive marketing activities such as tradeshows, campaigns and other promotional activities. Evaluate partner sales performance and recommend improvements. Manage sales pipeline, forecast monthly sales and identify new business opportunities. Develop positive working relationship with partners to build business. Work with partners to develop sale proposals, quotations, pricings, product demonstrations etc. Deliver customer presentations and attend sales meetings and partner conferences. Keep close watch on developments in marketplace and competitor activities. Communicate up-to-date information about new products and enhancements to partners. Address partner related issues, sales conflicts and pricing issues in a timely manner. Desired Skills & Experience: Individual must have good command over his/her communication skills. Must have at least 4 to 6 years of industry related experience in channel sales. Must be in a Channel sales position in the technology sector. Familiarity with Hardware, software, Networking or IT markets and trends. Understanding of Tenders & contracts, commercial contracts, alliances etc. Good interpersonal skills and should have the ability to work as an effective team member. Keen to travel and work in a fast-paced environment & across teams Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills channel sales travel channel partners alliances pricing conferences pipeline marketing activities activities business Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details