TITLE: Application Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: As Application Engineer, you will be responsible for all aspects of the Pre-sales & Post-sales Technical support applications. Identification and evaluation of critical business issue: - Identification of Critical Business Issue (CBI) with respect to Technical sales point of view, from (Management) of prospective customer from range of industry vertical. Demonstration (Presentation) on Software: - Customized demonstration preparation, Proper management of demonstration, laptops and file management, Practices on all types of demonstrations. Effective demo/presentation and to conduct onsite needs assessment with customers and present suite of Engineering Solutions to bring the #1 selling SOLIDWORKS CAD and other CAD, CAE products to manufacturing and design industries and the entire product line of company. Benchmark: Benchmark Scope of work identification & finalization with respect to benchmark and demonstration. Post-Sales Technical Applications - Implementation (Installation) - Software license implementation/ Installation of software tool at client end. Training: Corporate training orientation program at client end or at organization to client employees and team and internal training to new joinee's during internal training and orientation program. Support: includes Pre-sales and Post-Sales support activities, which involves provision of support, troubleshooting, end-to-end client servicing on software solutions. Role involves -Personal visits within assigned territory at client end for all technical support (Pre-sales and Post-Sales) which includes Evaluation, Presentation, Benchmark, Installation, Training and all Post -Sales support activities. Technical coordination and end to end support on technical applications during entire client acquisition, business development objectives through account maping, lead generation by providing support to Inside Sales, Marketing and Business Development team during their tasks and strategies to generate revenue. Experience - 1-2 years Education -BE/ B. Tech Mechanical or Diploma in Mechanical Engineering Primary Skills - Sound experience & understanding of CAD Platform. (SolidWorks, Pro-E, Catia, Solid edge) Secondary Skills - Proven track record in manufacturing, technology or software marketing (for experienced candidates) . excellent communication and presentation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills business development pre sales selling coordination cad technical support post sales cae solidworks troubleshooting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pelf Infotech Private Limited PELF meaning Riches, Prosperity is the outcome of Professionalism, Efficacy, Long-term Relationships and Flexibility in services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details