TITLE: Corporate Underwriting opportunity into General Insurance

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Â Job Description Â Industry y: Â Â General InsuranceÂ Â Function: Â Underwriting / Placements Â Reporting To: Head- Placements & Uunderwriting Â Location: Mumbai Â Work Profile: Â Key Responsibility: Â Manage relationship with the Insurers. Evaluate and present the risk to insurance companies (suggesting additional covers depending on the client profile) . Preliminary underwriting of the proposals referred. Proposals include all Non- Employee Benefits Program (Project Insurance, Marine Insurance, Property Insurance incl. miscellaneous policies) . Working with client facing colleagues to understand clients requirements and provide end to end solution for placing the business with the insurers i.e. generating quotes, preparing comparative statement, follow up and policy vetting. Analysis of Risk Gaps if any under current insurance program & preparation of Portfolio Review report. Suggesting the client proper covers/policies to cover the Risk Gaps, preparation of Quote/Broking Slip based on the above analysis reportv & suggestions made. Â Negotiating/ convincing the insurer to get the lowest possible quotes without compromising coverages suggested. Â Candidates Profile: Â Min Experience in Underwriting of all commercial lines of general insurance. (Should be from a GI Company or GI Broking House) Operations/ customer serviceÂ in general insurance Â Academic Background: MBA or graduate from reputed institute preferred. Any other qualification in Insurance (III, Actuary) Â Â Personality and skill sets Learner Relationship Management Strong Communication / presentation skills Â Additional Information Salary: Our Client clearly understands & values the worth of an eligible candidate for this position and this they are ready to invest.Â Â Â Â I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Insurance Analyst Keyskills broking operations customer general insurance relationship management underwriting gi employee benefits policies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details