TITLE: Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Job Description Achieve the Projected Annual target, reviewed quarterly Lead conversion to quotes Quote conversions to orders Retention and repeat Business from existing key customers 3- 8 years experience with Life Science and Molecular Diagnostics exposure is must. Identify customers, detail company products services Achieve sales targets Provide technical support to customers Develop the market Technical trouble shooting Reporting Identify customers independently and with the help of resident Area Managers/Sales Executives by working closely with them. Detail company products services; demonstrate use of products where necessary. In case of kits ensure validation and standardization of kits at customer site, troubleshooting in case of need. Attempt to always provide prompt and efficient service to customer Work closely with the management to ensure total customer satisfaction. Provide high morale to Sales Personnel and keep them motivated. Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual prospect and sales targets in a scientific Contribute significantly to ensure payment collection targets periodically Liaison with customers for their after sales service need to their complete Keep the management updated with all information on customer activities by communications, Daily Reports, Email etc. You will be required to hold atleast 2 workshops every year for hands- on- training to new customers. Conducting in- house and on- job training to Sales Team Work with high moral ethical values Biotron Healthcare is one of the fastest growing companies offering products and solutions in the filed of Lifescience, Drug Discovery, Molecular Diagnostics, Biotechnology and liquid handling systems. We offer excellent career opportunity in the areas of sales marketing, customer support, application support for various product lines across the country. Interested candidates can send their resume to the below mentioned address clearly mentioning post applied and desired location. Manager - Administration Biotron Healthcare (India) P. Ltd., 301 Coral Classic, 20th Road Chembur, Mumbai - 400071 Tel : 022 2528 7626, Fax: 022 2528 1012 Email : jobs@biotronhealthcare.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Biotron Healthcare (India) Pvt. Ltd. Biotron Healthcare (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details