TITLE: Enterprise Market Analyzer cum Coordinator

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brief Job Profile: Understanding the Business potential for the company by analyzing the existing offline information about the Customer, We have CRM implemented need to work with the CRM Package, hence CRM Process knowledge will be an add on advantage. Owner for successful execution of e-mail promotions, promotions via telephone, web etc. to create the awareness about the company and service offerings and identify the sales potentials and handover to the field team, Coordination between the business Team with Accounts, Purchase, Service Delivery & Collecting the feedback about our services/solutions from customers etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills Enterprise Market Analyzer cum Coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zion Computers Pvt Ltd. Zion Computers Private Limited is a leading Vendor Independent, Customer Oriented IT Solutions and Managed Services Company head quartered in India. Zions proven service delivery model and ITIL- based processes support scalable and flexible solutions that gear customer to excel. With a clear focus on business relevant solutions, we help customer differentiate and innovate today for tomorrow.Incorporated in early 1994, Zion has traversed a worthy journey of more than a decade and has emerged as one the largest IT Infrastructure Integration and Solution Provider supporting more than 1000 customers across the globe. Zion is driven by a customer-oriented approach with focus on impeccable standards of operational excellence, seamless integration of project aspects and providing tailor-made solutions that meet clients\' needs. Zion continually redefines quality and commits to deliver the best to its clients as well as meet and exceed their expectations. The company has wed the best-in-class global processes and has kept in pace with the evolving needs of its clients & the ever changing strides of the IT industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details