TITLE: National Sales Head

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To own company's target GMV (Gross Merchandise Value) and drive that across the sales team. To collaborate with builders SMEs companies, corporates infra companies and build deep account management relationships. To create and develop programs for national sales and ensure its implementation. This has to be done by developing action plans for field sales. Ensure the successful achievement of the company's sales target across all its regions and locations. Ensure sales volume is at its maximum, maintaining product mix, and ensure margins are good. Oversee companys sales performance at regional levels. Develop effective sales strategy and ensure its timely implementation. Schedule occasional meeting with regional managers. Keep abreast with current demand and supply of companys products/services, economic indicators, changing trends and its competitors Monitor cost in relation to prevailing competition, and if necessary adjust the price of selling. Monitor and give appraisal to the activities of regional sales manager Review professional publications Establish personal networks across all regions Participate in all Builders and Building material events. Participate in market strategy building, by providing useful information from sales activities. Recruit and train sales employees for effective delivery Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills National Sales Head Sales Sales Head market strategy selling field sales Desired Candidate Profile Marketplace for selling building materials & interiorsskillsExperience in similar position or organization.10+ years of experience in a field sales environment Demonstrates success in building and growing new accounts and territories. Experience selling to Fortune 100 organizations Understands how to strategically and effectively navigate large, complex organizations. Experience in consultative and solution based selling. Ability to work under pressure, organize and prioritize responsibilities Passion to educate about our B2B platform and close deals quickly. Ability to travel up to 80% of the time. Strong written, verbal and presentation skills. Metrics-oriented. Preferably MBA with premier Institute in Marketing stream. Or any Bachelor's degree from premier institute Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Randstad India Limited A Leading Client of Randstad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details