TITLE: Solution Architect - MM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: understand business units and stakeholders business requirements and map it into viable technical solutions, implementing anything ranging from proof of concepts to concrete features/tools/enhancements. Mentor development teams, handhold when needed on best practices and make sure the solution is implemented in right way. Not afraid to challenge architectures and solutions proposed by senior architects or other teams with a superior architecture/solution. Think big, innovate and take risks. Do not stop at problem solving, but involve in problem finding, identifying opportunities and be instrumental in taking the organization to the next level. Provide vision and show way for automating infrastructure, testing, and software delivery pipeline. Enable development teams to auto deploy their software into production in multi datacenter without dependent on other teams. Establish proper monitoring and alerting mechanisms at the infrastructure and systems level. Create architecture that can self-heal, throttle load, auto-scale appropriately (vertical or horizontal) , highly available and fault-tolerant (99.999% or 100% is typical) . Design highly secure and global systems that are low latency, high throughput, hard to penetrate by hackers, can handle attacks without impacting users, global load balance traffic based on locality and load, automatically divert traffic to another DC in event of failure in a DC, etc. Architect High-availability and Business Continuity solutions including geographically diverse clusters, load balancing, Disaster recovery scenarios with pre-defined RTO & RPO for mission-critical applications with a focus on scalability, automation and reliability. Be a champion of DevOps practices including selling the vision of automation at all levels (Infrastructure, Testing, Software delivery (CICD) ) , teams collaboration, effective communication, sharing of knowledge across teams, eliminates waste, etc. Perform physical and virtual infrastructure sizing of compute, storage, and network for applications, middleware & databases. Evaluate and recommend technologies and available vendor offerings that best fit business needs. Develop proposals and validations via Proof of Concepts. Provide guidance and help with performance and load testing of the systems and make necessary recommendations to enable the system (s) for future growth. Key Skills: ( architect or architecture ) and ( solution or solutioning or presales or \ "pre sales\ " or \ "pre-sales\ " or rfi or rfp or rfq or rfx ) and ( design or designing or framework or \ "frame work\ " ) and ( SaltStack or Jenkins or logstash or nagios ) and ( python or Go or Java or node or \ "Node-js\ " or javascript or \ "javascript\ " or \ "java-script\ " or datatypes or \ "data types\ " or json or xml ) and ( SAN or NAS or Storage ) and ( NoSQL or MongoDB or BigData or Hadoop ) and ( Network or networking or lan or wan ) and ( Security or fire or Firewalls or Loadbalancers or Backup ) and ( Virtualization or Virtualisation or Cloud ) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills javascript xml networking development automation python lan mm san pre sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details