TITLE: Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Plans, designs, and develops new feature functionality for our software applications per customer or internal specifications. Writes software applications that contain logical solutions to business problems or questions. Identifies, troubleshoots and debugs defects in designated application code. Works with the Development Team to design, develop and document solutions. Accountable for meeting delivery dates on assigned projects and tasks. Skills And Abilities Strong OOPS concepts Exposure to and understanding of design patterns and tools like UML, Sequence diagrams, etc St rong understanding of the web stack Knowledge of the following technologies: - Technologies and scripting - J2EE, JSP- Servlets, Struts, Spring, EJB, Javascript & JQuery(strong)- Redhat Linux, Windows o Servers- Apache, JBoss, Tomcat o Database- MS-SQL Server- Strong written and verbal communication- Exposure to PHP / ASP.Net- Domain knowledge of Banking, Payment, Travel, Hotel & Event management would be an advantage- Exposure to IVRS systems would be an advantag Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Avenues India Pvt. Ltd. Company & Business Units | Brand MapIncorporated in the year 2001, Avenues is a zero-debt company which has been profitable from its inception. Avenues is head quartered in Mumbai, India and has subsidiary companies and offices in USA and Singapore. Avenues has developed several innovative, cutting-edge ASP hosted solutions that are used by thousands of eMerchants globally.Beginning as a single product company that catered to the local market, Avenues has become a multi-product company that operates on a global scale. The Avenues support and development center is based in Mumbai, India. The total strength of the Avenues team is currently 125 persons spanning across all offices. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details