TITLE: Media Associate

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Freshers having the Bachelor or Master Degree in English, Mass Communication, Journalism, Life Science, Bio Tech only need to apply Job Description Gathering real-time market /competitor /industry intelligence. This includes: 1. Research and aggregation of media coverage for a particular company, product, brand, event, industry, etc 2. Synthesis & analysis of the coverage to cull out relevant articles 3. Timely presentation of a synopsis of the coverage to clients in an easy, reader friendly format Job Requirements: (Skills/Competencies needed to perform the job) Excellent command over English (oral and written) Excellent writing, editing and computer skills English writing, comprehension and grammar skills Positive attitude, good interpersonal skills, ability to face and deal with issues in a mature and professional manner Should have good knowledge of computers Microsoft Office and internet Willingness to work in shifts if necessary Flair for writing and eye for detail Ability to work as part of a team Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and deliver with regard to fast deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills Journalism Mass Communication Editing Writing Research MS Office Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.A - Journalism, English, B.Tech/B.E. - Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology PG:M.A - Any Specialization, Journalism, English, MBA/PGDM - Advertising/Mass Communication, M.Tech - Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Melstar Information Technologies Ltd Melstar is a CMM Level global IT company with its headquarters in Mumbai; India. We have eight software development facilities, with eleven offices worldwide including the US,Europe and India. We offer a unique blend of domain expertise in the field of Banking, Finance, Insurance and Manufacturing. We are engaged in cutting-edge technologies like e-commerce,web development and dot-com projects with strong N-tier approach. We have global partnerships with IBM,Microsoft, Oracle,Informix and other IT Stalwarts. Our strong customer focus can be seen from the prestigious list of clients like Citibank N.A., IBM, Genpact, Standard Chartered, HP etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details