TITLE: Java Server Side Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES This is a Java server-side developer position for PWM IT - Trading and Portfolio Management team of Morgan Stanley Advantage Services. Candidate will be part of the global PWM IT Team, while working at MSAS. The team in MSAS works on global projects for PWM IT. The team has specific focus to support the Asia/Europe business. The candidate will develop, enhance and support STP Workstation. STP Workstation is a system that provides Order Entry and Order Management functionality for global equities, fixed income, derivatives, options, alternative investments and other products. The candidate should have about 4-6 years of experience with design and development in Java and working with a database, preferably Sybase. The candidate needs to be comfortable working in the Unix/Linux environment. The candidate should have an aptitude to understand complex trading systems and good problem solving abilities. Designing and developing server side components that meet the business requirements in effective and efficient manner. Directly interfacing with business users in understanding the requirement and providing solutions. Assisting & guiding team members in design and development. Partnering along with the leads to identify and mitigate risks and escalate issues as necessary REQUIREMENTS Core Java 5.0 and above, CXF, Spring Extensive experience in developing enterprise-scale n-tier applications for financial domain. Should posses good architectural knowledge and be aware of enterprise application design patterns. Should have the ability to analyze, design, develop and test complex, low-latency client-facing applications. Good development experience with RDBMS, preferably Sybase database Good knowledge of multi-threading and high volume server side development Experience in sales and trading platforms in investment banking/capital markets Basic working knowledge of Unix/Linux. Strong written and oral communication skills. Should have the ability to express their design ideas and thoughts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills core java development design patterns sybase server rdbms investment banking order management stp portfolio management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arrioo Consultancy Arrioo is a strategic recruitment consulting organization that has redefined the current recruiting engagements with Employers and Job-Seekers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details