TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At Softmark, we bring the best people and the best ideas together to deliver value to our customers. We believe that companies can innovate and deliver outstanding service only if they tap the commitment, energy, and imagination of their employees. Cultivating new Business ideas can be very profitable. We are looking for Sales Representatives to help grow our Customer Base in the corporate industry. If you are the person who is interested to make a career in Software Sales and Business Development, then you can apply to us at hr@softmark.in Job Description: Desired candidate would be responsible for generating new business relationships and expanding the business opportunities (Field work, i.e. Meeting up Clients) Candidates would be provided free training on our Software Give business Presentations and Demos to various clients Organize mailing / tele-calling campaigns or seminars to approach companies in target segment To create/maintain excellent relationships with clients and be able to give them idea about the product/Services that we offer and pitch according to their specifications Identify Create and Qualify business opportunities in the target business Comply with Sales process and mechanism of the company to ensure Business Professionalism & Integrity Aggressive to convert sales & achieve targets Good in follow ups and Excellent oral skills Competencies Required Desired Candidates should possess excellent Marketing and communication skills Knowledge of the ERP/Enterprise Applications/Tally software sales will be an added advantage. Good networking skills to generate leads Self-starter who can adapt fast in a changing environment Willingness for extensive travel Male as well as Female candidates can apply. Graduation / MBA with Commerce background will be preferre Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SoftMark Solutions About SoftmarkEstablished in 1993, SoftMark Solutions is a software products based company having a rich history of innovation, expansion and growth. Since the beginning, we have been assisting organizations and companies with the objective of offering to customers, cost effective software products and IT related services with utmost quality and reliability. Earlier we started out as customized software product providers. With growing years of experience and technological updations Softmark now provides a wide array of software Products and IT related services.As a part of strategic move, apart from customised software projects developments, Softmark shifted the emphasis to development of ready to use standard software. As a result, it developed the very first successful and unique accounting software, FlexiERP, our flagship product considered by many accounting professionals as one of the best accounting application software developed in India. With innovative, result-oriented and cost-effective solutions, we developed our Flexi range of Software solutions which now play a major role in assisting companies in all the sectors of industries which in turn keep pace with the technological advances. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details