TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work closely with our product and design teams to customize experience for the Android platform. Strong coding abilities and experience with Java and native Android SDK and Integration of 3rd party SDK like payments, analytics and other services. A focus on UI design principles, making apps work intuitively and experience with push Notification Framework. Prototype new and redesign features with programming skills to develop highly innovative, consumer-facing mobile products. Design and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable technologies for our mobile platform. Integrate and implement Connectivity APIs, Android Location API, Google maps API, and Google places API. Strong interests in location-based real-time interaction, social apps and other mobile sensors and appealing user interfaces. Review and provide constructive feedback on software requirements, design, architecture and test case documentation to other members of the Product Management, Engineering and QA teams. Review and provide constructive feedback to code developed by other members of the Engineering team. What It Takes: Thorough understanding of Android architecture platform and libraries Minimum 3 year experience with native Android applications in Java. Experience in object-oriented software development. Concurrency in Android, Connectivity APIs and Android Location API. Thorough knowledge and hands-on experience on Android programming and SQLite DB. In depth knowledge of web services like JSON, XML HTTP. Experience in understanding large and complex code bases, including API design techniques to help keep them clean and maintainable. Proficient in the technologies: Java language and related frameworks, Multi-Threading and memory management specific to mobile devices Understanding of caching mechanisms. Integration of social media API like Facebook, Twitter etc. Should be in B.Tech/BE/MCA/diploma in Computer Science or Electronics Individuality: We need our engineers to be versatile and always eager to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward. Multitasking ability with good communication and analytical skills. Flexible, Creative and able to meet deadlines. Leave comfort zone and stretch further to support creative risk. Self-starter, that is, able to collaborate actively with others in a cross-functional team. ldquoRoll-up your sleevesrdquo attitude to get things done and ability to deal with ambiguity and change. Passionate and intimately knowledgeable about all things on web and mobiles. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml android software development mca coding http json documentation analytics api Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnisphyr Mobiquity LLC At Omnisphyr Mobiquity we are inventing Digital Interactions in the Physical world, leveraging the prowess of connected computing everywhere. We want to lead the revolution of new Era of Internet beyond IT (Information Technology) to IIIT i.e., Intelligence, Information and Interaction Technology. We love technology and to create engaging and meaningful experience. Out of ever increasing tools we extend the power of 24/7 computing prowess in everyone\'s pocket by seamless connectivity, Internet of Things to integrate all things digitally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details