TITLE: Asst. Manager - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: To have a better control & monitoring system the prospect will work at the HO as well as the Site Office. Understand the market in which company operates and contact / arrange meeting with potential clients to determine what kinds of properties they are seeking. Manage & supervise a team of Sales Executives; mentor & motivate the team to get the optimum results. Manage direct sales, channel sales, HNI clients, Corporates etc Coordinate with the various departments like architect, legal, projects, accounts for various requirements & to ensure smooth day to day sales operations. Evaluate mortgage options to help clients obtain financing at the best prevailing rates and terms Coordinate property closings, overseeing signing of documents and disbursement of funds. Reviews DSR prepared by the Sales Executives and mail it to the reporting manager on a daily basis. Plan corporate events & activity; identify & develop a network of channel partners to foster sales and deeper penetration & reach in the market. Identify, approach, and negotiate new individual and corporate business opportunities with current & potential clients in a systematic & professional manner. Offer training for presentations, client meetings and other important assembling within the industry. Administer and develop sales & marketing database as per the requirement. Work towards building the overall strength and performance of the sales and marketing team and company as a whole. as a whole. Desired Candidate Profile: The desired candidate should be Graduate/MBA with excellent communication skills. Must have 3-7 years of experience in Real Estate sector. Must be proficient in English, Marathi & Hindi. Good liaison skill, communication skill, excellent negotiation skills, should be a keen observer with an eye for detail & self updated with all the information. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills channel sales direct sales real estate mba hni accounts channel partners sales operations english monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Falco Developers The word Falco is derived from the word Falcon, a migratory bird known for its exceptionally powerful vision and flight and keen intellect symbolizing superiority, spirit, light, freedom and aspiration. It is a solar emblem for success, victory & rising above a situation. The Falcon is also symbolic of the rising sun in Egypt. It is also the king of all birds where many gods were shown with the head or body of the Falcon. Falco Developers, a Real Estate Firm, having a mission to build quality residences in a manner which symbolizes the bird Falcon, with a sense of superior and spirited housing, spreading light to the people in the nest, freeing them from all tresses of life and aspiring people to be successful, victorious and to rise above every situation, focusing primarily on 5 significant aspects of life Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details