TITLE: Manager Anti-money Laundering Compliance

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this National Payments Corporation of India (An ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company) :: NPCI in News Senior Manager / Manager - Anti- money Laundering Compliance Senior Manager / Manager - Anti- money Laundering Compliance Number of Positions: Place of posting: Age as on 01. 5. 2015: Preferably 30 to 40 years Educational Qualification: Relevant Postgraduate degree or professional degree holder; ACAMS Association for Certified Anti- money Laundering Specialists certification is an added advantage Experience Overall post qualification experience of a minimum of 5 to 12 years and 3+ years experience in relevant area of regulatory compliance and anti- money laundering Role Objective: This position will be lead coverage for Anti- money Laundering Compliance vertical and report to the Head of Risk. Key Responsibilities:: The incumbent will provide implementation assistance to Head of Risk for the following responsibilities: Assurance is provide to the Board and Executive management team that NPCI remains in compliance with all relevant regulatory directives and maintains the conditions of RBI permissions. This includes assurance that NPCI meets its anti- financial crime obligations, in relation to anti- money laundering, counter terrorist financing, fraud, sanctions, bribery and corruption. Regulatory compliance including anti- money laundering compliance framework (policies; procedures; including regulatory risk assessments of products; projects; services and strategic decision; monitoring mechanisms and internal controls) are conceptualized; approved and embedded in the business. Identify, assess and respond to regulatory developments affecting the Company. Providing timely, accurate, and relevant regulatory advice and guidance to the Company so that all commercial decisions on product, market, geography, customer, scope or process, receive appropriate regulatory consideration. Timely and accurate reporting to the regulatory authorities All relevant staff remains aware of their corporate regulatory obligations including awareness training for anti- money laundering compliance. Technical Knowledge and Skills: Knowledge of regulatory compliance applicable to a payment system organization in India; a Section 25 Company and relevant anti- money laundering laws Competencies: Articulate Good Communication and Excellent relationship Building skills Good understanding of Banking, Payment instruments, Issues and concerns and practices followed in different countries for risk management either by implementation experience or by being familiar with the relevant literature. Process oriented and good awareness of card security related aspects. Ability to manage teams, sustain work pressure and result oriented. Innovative solution provider, capable of articulating new ideas and changes and getting them implemented in quick time. Note: The eligibility criteria can be relaxed for the candidates with strong domain knowledge and experience. Site Best Viewed in 1024x768 Resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills facebook twitter relationship building monitoring payments instruments ideas risk management embedded policies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: National Payments Corporation of India National Payments Corporation of India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details