TITLE: Graphic Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overall responsibility for understanding product brief and converting that into appealing, highly usable interfaces for mobile application & website while capable of gauging technical feasibility of the prototype. Develop understanding of the end users of the application /website through secondary and primary research (user interviews ,traffic data) with capability of generating user personas and user scenarios. Prepare low as well as high fidelity prototypes of sites/features (ranging from paper-and-pencil concepts to wireframes or interactive prototypes) for internal review and brain storming. Design flow interaction and experiences that are incredibly simple and elegant that delights users each time they visit. Contribute to high-level strategic decisions with the rest of the product and executive teams Partner with design, engineering, PM, and data to oversee the user experience of a product from conception until launch. Communicate and interact on day to day basis with the development team and provide explanation & refinements of UX designs based on feedback from development, product management and customer usability feedback. Utilize your full range of product design, interaction design and visual design skills. What It Takes: 3 yearsrsquo experience in content strategy, user experience, interactive design, and architecting application and websites for desktop and mobile platforms. Design Tools Mastery of Photoshop, Illustrator and Fireworks with In-depth knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3, and some exposure to technologies like, Javascript, JQuery,XML etc. An outstanding body of work demonstrating the successful delivery of innovative interface design solutions for web, desktop applications and/or mobile devices. Well-versed in fundamental visual and interactive design disciplines and principals. Proficient at creating meaningful CSS3 animations augmenting the user experience and increasing the lucidity of the application UI. Ability to work collaboratively with our offshore team of interface designers, engineers and quality engineers, to conceive, develop and present brilliant interactions and elegant experiences. Good eye for aesthetics :layout, grid systems, colour theory and typography. Strong understanding of mobile platforms, particularly Android and iOS, the limitations of web and mobile, with approaches/ideas to flex those boundaries. Candidate must absolutely be in sync with design standards and trends with an ability to think at a high level about product strategy and vision Individuality: Experience with collaborative thinking and decision-making, preferably with Agile or related development methodology. Interdisciplinary, open-minded approach to problem-solving. Impeccable written, oral and presentation skills with passion and knowledge about web and mobile. Self-starter, that is, able to collaborate actively with others in across-functional team Flexible with Ability to deal with ambiguity and change. ldquoRoll-up your sleevesrdquo attitude to get things done. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Web Designer Keyskills development product management tools desktop website offshore pm problem solving mobile application ideas Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnisphyr Mobiquity LLC At Omnisphyr Mobiquity we are inventing Digital Interactions in the Physical world, leveraging the prowess of connected computing everywhere. We want to lead the revolution of new Era of Internet beyond IT (Information Technology) to IIIT i.e., Intelligence, Information and Interaction Technology. We love technology and to create engaging and meaningful experience. Out of ever increasing tools we extend the power of 24/7 computing prowess in everyone\'s pocket by seamless connectivity, Internet of Things to integrate all things digitally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details