TITLE: Senior iOS Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop iOS applications in Objective C/Cocoa independently Collabor ate with team to architect back-end services and databases to support apps. Communicate with clients along with the Product team, to understand requirements and provide inputs Work with small team to test, document, and deploy software. Develop architecture based on business requirements with an eye on scalability and near real-time performance Work with large unstructured and structured data sets from various sources (APIs, etc.) Apply data-mining, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques for a variety of business needs in the application Managing engineering process and conducting code reviews Researching and developing solutions while constantly updating knowledge on new trends and developments A software Engineer with 2 years of software experience with strong knowledge of Objective C Must have a excellent research skills Database design and optimization using SQL Server and SQL Lite. Understanding of various Web Technologies and Web Services (JSON, REST, SOAP, XML, HTTP) Extremely strong fundamental understanding of data structures and algorithms Experience writing unit tests and testable code Experience with multithreading programming, unit tests and testable code Experience developing for other smart phone platforms (Windows Mobile) is a plus. Experience with PHP, MVC, SOAP, or RESTful services a plus. Working knowledge of the Java programming languages and libraries; and Android application development experience an advantage Developer will be working closely with a small fast-paced team - so good communication skills and collaboration skills are a must. Must have worked in iOS/ Objective-C/ C and has a portfolio that shows fully deployed and proven App products in the App Store Must have deployed at least 2 large apps deployed GitHub/BitBuc ket account with examples of recent iOS related projects Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Senior iOS Application Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Qtech Software Pvt. Ltd. Qtech Software has been the trusted IT services, technology consulting and business IT solutions partner for companies in over 20 countries across the globe. Our relentless pursuit of perfection has earned us a valuable reputation in the market as a firm that will get it done, no matter what. Our rapid and steady growth, as well as that of our clients is a testament to the relationship we share with our clients and any firm we partner with.We bring to the table value and proactiveness though our expertise in multiple domains. Having served clients in the fields of Media, Travel, Finance, Theatre, Education, Real Estate, Tourism and more, we have repeatedly proven that we can excel in IT solutions, no matter which domain it originates in. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details