TITLE: Link Builder

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements: Be extremely articulate and fluent in English (native language) Your skills at writing in English should be immaculate and virtually error-free You must be very comfortable with use of all Internet technologies Keen awareness of Western culture, including popular music, movies and games The work might initially seem obtuse and demand patience, perseverance and a degree of innovativeness. We therefore require a person who is hard working and does not give up easily. Additional qualifications (preferred): Conversant with Search Engine usage and techniques Understanding of or experience with link building Experience using social networking platforms Personal blog Experience using social bookmarking and news sharing sites. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills social media marketing social networking link building usage english hard working music social bookmarking fluent in english be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AccuraCast India AccuraCast is one of the leading search, mobile and social media marketing agencies in Europe. Our services are now available to clients in India. If you need world-class search engine optimisation, pay per click management or social media marketing our performance-driven solutions might be right for you. We have big ideas and smart people to implement them. Our technology and processes are geared to maximise client ROI. And we have an excellent track record of 100% success with all projects we\'ve ever undertaken, which is a lot! This is probably why world-famous brands such as Comfort Inn, Emirates Airlines and Stella Artois choose to work with us. And you could be next. So go on, test us! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details