TITLE: Senior Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Comprehensive understanding of Android application architecture, UI components & controls, Intents, Application classes like Activity, Service, Intent Receiver, Content Provider to manage data. Proficiency in working with multi-threaded apps , XML & JSON, and web services is required. Experience in visioning and publishing of the app is a plus. Good Knowledge on Notifications, Toast, Locations and Map APIs, background services, working with media, Animation & graphics is a plus. Experienced with Android testing frameworks and proficient writing clean unit test cases. Expert in object oriented programming principles, strong working knowledge of design patterns, and proficient in clean code best practices. Dedicated to Android application performance, security, and effic. 5-6 projects in Android are mandatory. Attributes Detailed and organized Excellent communicator Enjoy working in a collaborative environment A thirst for learning Team Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Senior Android Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TECH SANSKAR SOFTWARE SERVICES Tech Sanskar is a young Organisation specialized in area of Technology Services and Solution. Tech Sanskar is Founded by Mr. Harshal Kothavade with team of Talented, Expert Technology Professionals and Developers.Tech Sanskar aims to bring innovative Ideas and Concepts that help Solo Professionals, SME\'s and Large Organizations to bring Technology Possibilities in to their businesses. We offer comprehensive list of services to meet all Software Applications, Web design and Development Needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details