TITLE: Hybrid Senior Developer & Tech Lead Mumbai and Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role:Hybrid Senior Developer & Tech Lead Work Experience:4 to 8 Years Place of Posting : Mumbai and Chennai Salary: 8.50 Lac to 16.0 LacPA No. of Positions:4 (2 each for Mumbai and Chennai) Job Description: Hybrid Senior Developer & Tech Lead Role and Responsibilities with head scratching challenges: The role involves building new solutions and doing Proof of Concepts on eCommerce platforms using Hybrid. Create software design, using associated tools, build, deployment processes and development using Eclipse or similar tools. Must have done at least one enterprise level implementation of Hybrid. Hands on implementation of an eCommerce product using Hybrid. Hands on experience in customization and building of eCommerce Storefront on above platform. Experience in iterative and parallel development model is desirable. Strong ability for development, unit test. Experience in Spring / Core Java / AJAX framework, Web Services (SOAP / REST) development. Desired Education/ Experience and Skills: BE/ B.Tech with 4+ years of overall experience with minimum 1-2 years in Hybrid. Experience in developing high performance, large scale distributed systems. Must have experience in Customer facing roles and interaction skills. Good understanding of Software engineering practices, continuous integration and agile development. Salary:INR 8,50,000 - 16,00,000 P.A. Customer facing role min 1-2 years in Hybrid implementation and devl. Experience in developing high performance, large scale distributed systems. Good understanding of Software engineering practices, continuous integration and agile development. Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech, 4+ Yrs exp. Hands on customization and building eCommerce Storefront, iterative/ parallel development model. Expert in Spring / Core Java / AJAX framework, Web Services (SOAP / REST) development/ Unit Test.Â Key Skills:Building new Hybrid solutions, Proof of Concepts, eCommerce platforms, software design, Eclipse, Enterprise Level Implementation of Hybrid, Build eCommerce Storefront, iterative and parallel development model, Unit Test, Spring, Core Java, AJAX framework, Web Services, SOAP, REST, eCommerce. Company Profile: Bee5 Manpower Consulting It is a full-lifecycle product development services leader that combines deep domain expertise and cross-industry experience to connect makers with markets worldwide. Using insight gained from working on innovative products and disruptive technologies, the company collaborate with customers to demonstrate how strategic research and development can become a tool for managing their future. Headquartered in the United States, the company operates design and engineering centers around the world, extending benefits of its authentic global presence to its customers in digital media, electronics, healthcare, infrastructure, finance, retail, and telecom industries. The company works with both start-ups and industry leaders, including over eighty percent of the world's top technology brands.Industry: Software Product Development ServicesDomain: Retail/ eCommerce Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details