TITLE: Technical Team Lead (.NET)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirement A ssist Technical Project Manager in updating and processing information. Assist Architecture and Standards team to validate designs and standards. Support enterprise systems and applications. Set designs and standards and enforce across all applications. Implement software, technical applications and system changes. Conduct meetings on software designs and applications and code reviews. Develop enterprise coding standards and drive process improvements. Develop Enterprise Application Blocks and custom controls. Troubleshoot problems in security, remoting, threading, and serialization. Validate requirements of the business needs and initiate processes. Undertake major development initiatives. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Team Lead (.NET) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cylsys Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. As an emerging technology agency, we at Cylsys create breakthrough products and portfolio of services that are exquisite and eminent to our customers. Placing foot in diverse areas of services, we are top among the mounting mobile app development agencies in the nation. With an experience for more than three years, we are engaged in delivering innovative service to our customers through our spot-on mobile solutions. Our sturdy in-house software geeks and project managers have encrypted a successful team of vibrant employees, who are committed in bringing mobile solutions through Conceptualization, Agile Development, User Experience, Security and testing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details