TITLE: Senior Software Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description DOMEX (marketing office at Worli ) is looking for a motivated and persistent individual to head a marketing team to promote sales of multiple software products, particularly to SMEs. Also required to market our online aptitude tests to large corporates. Candidatersquos desirable profile can be as follows: * Lead a team of 3 to 4 sales executives and continuously monitor their work and provide periodical training and take reviews of their performances. Should also be able to identify and recruit additional sales executives to expand the team. * Self motivated Marketing professional with previous experience (2 to 3 years) in ERP or Software Sales to companies and industrial business units. Should be a graduate and have good IT knowledge. * Should be able to manage and create own leads and handle larger territories over a period of time. Initially, company will provide support to generate leads. * Identify key decision-makers and build strong relationships with such contacts and even offer trial package for evaluation and customization. * Should be able to independently perform sales presentations to prospects of ERP etc., manage/prepare proposals, negotiate contracts, and close new business deals. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Senior Software Sales Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Domextechnical Design Domex is a well-established knowledge management and information processing company with a 22 year track record in servicing national and international customers and has been a pioneer in researching / compiling information on 25 key sectors of Indian industry. Domex has significant expertise in business research, industrial market research, trade fair liaison, management consultancy, business publishing, knowledge and business process outsourcing (KPO / BPO). Domex currently has about 75 employees (business analysts, market researchers, journalists / writers, software programmers, economists and numerous subject specialists) at its multiple location production centers at Chennai, Mumbai and Coimbatore. Earlier in 2010, with strategic intent, Domex hived off its eminently successful 350 employee science & technology information processing business with a global customer base to another scientific information company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details