TITLE: Business Development Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Brief: Skills, Knowledge and Competencies: | Clients | Resources | Contact Us | Select Language The ideal candidate will have at least 02 years of experience in both development and support Should be Strong in Dot Net , Asp.Net and SQL Server As the role would be focusing on ldquoProduct Engineeringrdquo, the job would involve ldquoInteractionrdquo with clients. (ldquoPrior experience in Client Interactionrdquo is an added advantage) Should have good oral and written communication skills. Preferably BE in CS or IT or MCA Hunting for new business cross sell to existing clients Account management / development Driving direct sales with new and existing customers in the defined geography. A full 360 degree role which involves managing the process from lead generation to closure. Knowledge of the sales process and the ability to understand and interpret customer needs. Demonstrated results in meeting Sales targets & /Business Development goals. Team player, with an ability to drive sales to target achievement. Confident, resilient and presentable. Resultdriven, resourceful and selfmotivated. Strong command of the English language is a must with fluency in Hindi and the local language. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Executives Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Karomi Technology Private Limited About UsFor over a decade, Karomi has been helping enterprises achieve higher efficiency by optimizing theiroverall productivity. By organizing and making critical data available at fingertips, Karomis solutionshave been empowering organisations to take quicker decisions. Improving inter and intra collaborationamongst key functions, Karomi has made information exchange within enterprises a lot smootherthereby making them more agile and responsive.Karomis solution for Life Sciences companies help them mitigate the inherent damage to productivity, profitability, brand reputation andpatient safety.CPG and Cosmetics companies can go to market a lot faster, build a competitive edge and achieve a better revenue by deployingKaromis solution.Large enterprises can achieve a significant operational productivity and efficiency gain by structuring their workflows.Karomis solution are based on a scalable platform that is a unique blend of preÂ­configured and configurable features designed for rapiddeployment without having to go through longer time span of custom development. Karomis solutions are future ready by letting theuser organisation add multiple solutions as and when the need arises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details