TITLE: Head Quality Assurance

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description WHO ARE WE Were a young &amp dynamic tech start- up creating a world class innovative mobile operating system for regional language markets. Our operating system will be installed on 10s of millions of phones to be sold in India. We are looking for a Telugu Language Expert to join our team. You can add value to the product through your linguistic skills. What we do: We are creating an interesting new product for the common man of India Firstouch. With committed focus and innovations, Firstouch's technology team has developed an Operating System built upon Android which caters to the masses. Job Description What youll be doing - Youll be actively involved in all the projects which are under testing, development and design phase, also need to ensure that QA team members are actively participated in writing and execute test cases as per industry standards. Should take care of various types of testing like Ad- Hoc Testing, Regression Testing, Re- Testing, GUI Testing, Functional and Non Functional Testing have to be done. Ensure that these are done for all the projects and maintain a proper track record for each project. Youll be dealing with bug tracking and project management tools for managing all the projects that are executed by testing team. Communicate often &amp effectively about the status of new &amp ongoing projects testing status and efforts within the company also need to update the status of the projects that are in testing phase. Work closely with design and development teams to help in resolving the issues by providing proper guidance. Youll be continuously keeping an eye on the latest cutting edge technologies and leveraging these in ones own and the teams work as necessary As a Senior member on the QA team you will work as part of a team responsible for delivering high quality software products with in the deadline specified. Qualifications Your Profile - Experience of 5+ years in testing applications/OS/devices related to Mobile platforms in particular Android. Strong knowledge on fundamentals of software testing concepts like SDLC and STLC, Bug Life Cycle, Ad- hoc Testing, Re- Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Testing, Functional and Non Functional Testing, Verification Testing, Validation Testing and User Acceptance Testing. Should be able to develop and execute test cases during the requirement, design, and development and testing stages of the application. Expertise on mobile (android Monkey) and web automation testing is required. Should have good knowledge on Project Management/Bug Tracking tools like Redmine, Jira etc. Should be able to extract console and crash logs from mobile devices which run on Android. Must be able to prepare Test Plan, Test Suite??etc. and ensure that these requirements are met. Should be able to work closely with design and development teams in identifying and resolving the issues to meet quality standards. Should be able to interact with remote users regarding the quality of the OS through audio and video calls. Should be able to manage the differences that arises between the teams and team members during the life cycle of the projects. Should be able to work under pressure and deadlines if they are not met in time. Should be able to manage multiple projects effectively and efficiently with proper communication and planning. Strong verbal and written communication skills, as well as good problem solving skills. Your Education - B.Tech/BS/BE/BS/MS/M.Tech/MS in Electronics or Computer Science from a premier institute in India (IITs, BITS, NITs etc) or abroad Perks - Salary is not a constraint for the right candidate Work with intelligent, fun and interesting people in a dynamic startup environment Awesome benefits: Flexible timings, All leaves are paid, social gatherings Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MOFIRST SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD. MOFIRST SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details