TITLE: User Experience Designer - TCS iON

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description TCS iON is a IT-as-a Service solution that is used by manufacturing industries, educational institutions and exam boards. TCS iON is a strategic business unit of Tata Consultancy Services. The UX team at iON is responsible to create unique experiences for its customers. As a team member of the User Experience team, you will actively partner in the development and delivery of dynamic solutions supporting a best-in-class consumer experience for Ion. The UX team is responsible to develop solutions ranging from websites, web applications to Touch screen interfaces for Stationery and Handheld devices. Job Description Ensure all User Interface designs meet usability objectives and user requirements. Coordinate with product solution teams to gather requirements and to ensure standards are understood and followed. Generalize design techniques to apply and contribute to corporate UI standards and consistency with other solutions. Work on UI designs in the form of sketches,w story boards, wire frames, and interactive prototypes Independently produce detailed user interface specifications. Conduct Usability tests during formative and summative stages of development. Must-Have Expertise in doing task analysis and creating relevant information architecture for web/mobile applications in the form of low/high fidelity wireframes. Comprehensive knowledge of advanced HCI principles Comprehensive understanding of UCD analytical methods and how/when they effect the design process. Proficiency in the ability to perform usability tests, cognitive walkthroughs, heuristics evaluations, surveys, interviews, competitive analysis, card sorts, task and needs analysis, user profiling, and other usability methodologies. Experience in creating user experience designs for handheld devices. Possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Qualifications Good-to-Have Visual Design background with an ability to produce User Interfaces using Photoshop. Knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSS Background Graduate/Masters degree in Human Computer Interaction, Fine Arts (BFA/MFA), Information Design, Industrial Design (B.Des/M.Des), Human Factors, Cognitive Psychology, or related HCI discipline Possesses a portfolio demonstrating 3+ yrs of experience in User Experience Design. Additional Information Proficiency in the ability to perform Requirements gathering, usability tests, cognitive walkthroughs, heuristics evaluations, surveys, interviews, competitive analysis, card sorts, task and needs analysis, user profiling, and other usability/ User Centered design methodologies. Produce relevant deliverables/presentations for the above mentioned methodologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills javascript development jquery photoshop user interface interfaces usability ux methods Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Techdew UX Design Pvt. Ltd. Techdew UX Design Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details