TITLE: Jr. Sales Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Effervescent is a full service creative agency providing creative design services in India & overseas. Effervescent is looking for Business Development Executives who are looking forward to develop a dynamic sales career with a market and an industry leader. The ideal Sr. Sales Executive candidate must be of graduate calibre with a minimum of 1 year field based sales experience on a (B2B) business to business level in any segment. The role will involve a certain amount of new business focus as well as a large concentration on development of existing medium to large size accounts. Must ensure 100% client satisfaction. Key Role & Responsibilities: Contacting clients by telephone to negotiate terms of an agreement and using persuasion skills to conclude the sale Working positively to achieve sales targets Making accurate, rapid cost calculations Keeping log records of transactions Attend meeting for new sales & repeat orders in Mumbai & out of Mumbai (all over India) Maintaining and developing a client base to generate new business Visiting clients regularly once a working relationship has been established. Key Account Manager (single point of contact) to the client " Office Mgt. Attend to client queries & co-ordinate with studio team & facilitate work completion as per timeframes Data generation and collection activity in free time Requirements: HSC or Graduate in any field with 1 year experience in sales in any B2B segment with decent knowledge of Computers & Internet with a flair to perform not with just words but with actions being constantly converted into results. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business development service accounts co maintaining client sales executive new business account manager working Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Effervescent Technologies Pvt. Ltd Effervescent Technologies Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details