TITLE: Head - Events Operation

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES Supporting GG\'s growth and revenue generating efforts through an effective and results-focused event program. Working with the corporate marketing group, sales, and product support to drive projects through appropriate event formats, turning challenges and briefs into event solutions. Managing GGrsquos event budget, determining ROI on event expenditures. Developi ng collateral that optimally positions the strengths of our products, to be distributed at events. Creating strategic partnerships to grow GGrsquos visibility through events in India. Responsible for the creation of stand-alone GG events and for the relationship with event organisers when GG sponsors/ participates in an event organised by a third party. Assess sponsorship opportunities and report on these to the marketing and PR departments. Venue sourcing for GG event all over India, requiring a good knowledge of metros and non-metros in India. Plan collaterals/gifts/stands and manage the relationship with and deliveries from merchandise and event suppliers, when necessary. Responsible for setting deliverables to be achieved through events, including the responsibility to manage lead-tracking. Responsible for the purchase and management of event attendees\' databases. Help finalize PPT presentations to be used at events. This might involve dealing with designers and/or suppliers, help content localization, and ensuring that event organisers have the presentation in appropriate timing and format. Administrative responsibilities for the Marketing department. General assistance to marketing department in various activities. REQUIR EMENTS Fluency in English and Hindi. Ideal candidate will have 4 years experience in event in India including work for/with international corporations. Good understanding of the Indian market, the culture as well as the Internet, advertising and mobile opportunities. Good written and oral communication skills, proven ability to interact with professionals at all levels. Strong organizational and project-management skills. Demonstrated capacity for developing and presenting new concepts. Good understanding of the search and online advertising market. Understanding of GG\'s strategic and competitive position. Passion for working on a variety of product and search related challenges. Demonstrate the ability to work for an international group. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Head - Events Operation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gadgets Guru Gadgets Guru is India\'s first technology and Information e-commerce site. A sister concern of Oracle Telesystems (s) pte. Ltd. Singapore, Which has been formed by Mr. Arun Kapur CEO a well qualified and a Professional having expertise in electronics and e-commerce now over a decade. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details