TITLE: Resource Planning Senior Assoc

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: The Incumbent will be responsible for ?Analyses and evaluates a variety of program related data for the purpose of ensuring that program initiatives and activities meet desired objectives while adhering to assigned budget limitations. ?Assist in the development and interpretation of program policy and procedures for the purpose of establishing guidelines needed to effectively and efficiently meet program goals while adhering to all relevant regulations and guidelines. ?Communicates with internal and external stakeholders for the purpose of providing administrative support, enhancing program awareness, and assisting with program implementation. ?Coordinates promotion, support, and implementation of health and wellness programs. ?Prepares a variety of materials (e. g. reports, memos, letters, etc. ) for the purpose of documenting activities, providing written reference, and/or conveying information. ?Reports program related assessment results for the purpose of providing the information needed to evaluate program performance and to create new and/or revised initiatives. ?Responds to inquiries for the purpose of providing information and/or direction. Performs other related duties as assigned for the purpose of ensuring the efficient and effective functioning of the work unit Qualifications: US Candidates Only : Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. If you require a special accommodation, please visit our Careers website or contact us atSeeYourself@cigna. com. Primary Location: Goregaon (E), Mumbai-India Work Locations: 10TH Floor Oberoi Commerz International Business Park Goregaon (E), Mumbai 400063 Job: Bus Ops--Customer Service Schedule: Regular Shift: Standard Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full-time Job Level: Day Job Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time Job Posting: Aug 26, 2015, 4:12:35 AM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills development website customer service procedures travel international business job posting regulations accommodation program Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details