TITLE: Digital Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are in search for an initiation, execution and reporting through digital platforms such as Social Media, Website Engagement Database Management, JOB RESPONSIBILITY Plan and execute Social Media Initiatives. Initiating and executing Digital Advertising Campaigns. Procuring, managing and reach - out to various database. Initiation and execution of marketing plans across different mediums. Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate end - to - end customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points. Measure and report performance of all Digital Marketing Campaigns, and asses against goals (ROI & KPI\'s). Collaborate with Agencies and other vendor partners. Evaluate emerging technologies and evaluate its incorporation in the marketing plans. Work cross - functionally with the Client Servicing Team and Customer Experience Team to identify opportunities for growth. Undertaking online PR Initiatives. REQUIREMENTS Bachelors / Masters Degree in Marketing or Business. 1 to 2 Years of experience in the field of Digital Marketing. Experience with Google ad words / SEM is preferred. Strong analytical and data - driven thinking. Highly creative with a strong eye for detail. Up - to - date with the latest trends and best practices in online marketing and measurement. Proficiency in Microsoft Office tools (PowerPoint, Word, and Excel) BEHAVIOURAL & PERSONAL CHARACTERSTICS Relationship building & influencing. Strong Communication skills. Self - motivated & goal - oriented. Out - of - the - box thinker. Fitness enthusiast. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fitternity Discover gyms, yoga, pilates, zumba, martial arts, personal trainers, fitness classes. buy memberships, fitness products and read fitness articles from celebrity. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details