TITLE: Agm

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Acquire and Manage Commercial Accounts via hunting and farming. Develops a business plan and sales execution strategies for the market that ensures attainment of company sales goals and profitability. Identify or un-earth opportunities/ open doors for Netmagic by means of healthy/meaningful interactions with CXOs of the targeted/identified companies , propose best-fit/ winning solutions to Customers in consultations with the technical/operational teams Initiates and coordinates development of action plans to penetrate new markets. Build relationship with 'C' level / decision-makers at Clients site and potential customers. Responsible for performance and development of the sales team members. Prepares action plans by individuals as well as by team for effective search of sales leads and prospects. Conducts one-on-one review with all Account Executives to build more effective communications, to understand training and development needs, and to provide insight for the improvement of Account Executives sales and activity performance. Provides timely feedback to senior management regarding performance. Understanding client's organization, technologies, products and domain thereby creating requirements for Netmagic Services that helps the customer to derive maximum business value from their IT infrastructure Preparing the sales pitch based on their pain points and our value proposition by working with Netmagic Solutions Engineering, Technical and Domain Experts. Adheres to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Be able to handle FAQ's on our business. Acquire abilities to understand Netmagic service offerings in various verticals; generate leads and build the Sales Pipeline in those regions. Liaison with Marketing, Technical, Delivery and other teams in Netmagic. Support bid management teams working in creating responding to RFP, RFI, proposals. Build business relationships through networking, cold calling and leads generation program. Contributing to developing and improving sales process. Assists in the development and implementation of marketing plans as needed. Self-driven and motivated to achieve success Must have excellent communication and inter-personal skills. Leadership skills. Should be able to lead the team to the desired results. An effective team player. Assertive in communication, excellent communication skills and presentation skills Knowledge of Solution selling approach. Adequate knowledge of Managed Hosted Services, Cloud Services/ Models, Network Security, Data Center and Remote IT Infrastructure Management and related terms and technologies. Familiarity with IT Infrastructure markets and latest trends. Understanding of commercials and contracts. Communication skills, Presentation Skills, Persuasiveness, Negotiation Skills, Cold Calling, Attention to detail, Tenacity, (Relevant) Questioning, Closing, Professionalism and Team work. Verifiable achievement in previous sales positions. Knowledge and contacts in local and India markets. Send us your profile and resume at careers@netmagicsolutions.com Job Designation: AGM/DGM - Commercial Accounts - Lead http://www.olark.com Reporting To: Head - West Commercial Sales Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills service accounts cold calling development networking rfp diploma data center doors sales process Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details