TITLE: Reinsurance Head

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Our Client is a leading intermediary in the general insurance industry licensed by the Insurance Regulatory and Developed Authority of India. Job Description Company- A Leading General Insurance Broker. Job Function- Vice President- Reinsurance Job location- Mumbai Area of Operation- PAN India JOB PROFILE: To strategize and achieve Domestic and International Re Insurance sales targets across multiple product categories To drive business growth through forging strong Strategic tie- ups and Alliances for Re Insurance Products distribution To promote business development initiatives for Customer engagement, acquisition and promoting high yield product preferences To ensure efficient Back office operations for superior customer experience of the Re Insurance Clients To emphasize strict compliance with adherence to Risk, compliance and legal norms To review business performance & profitability via a strong and periodic MIS system To promote best talent, ensure skill enhancement and develop strong team for the Re Insurance operations CANDIDATE PROFILE: Minimum 10- 12 years of experience into Reinsurance Department ( Sales and Operations) Graduate/ MBA. Insurance qualifications preferred, though not a constraint Should have worked effectively with Senior- level executives and top management.Â Â Must have strong interpersonal skills, maturity and good judgment. Â Capable of communicating with a diverse range of individuals. Additional InformationÂ Salary: Our Client clearly understands & values the worth of an eligible candidate for this position. Therefore salary will not be a constraint for the right candidate.Â Additional Information - Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Must be passionate about delivering impeccable customer service to the clients. - Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Must have excellent conversational and interpersonal skills. - Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Must have a strong sense of discipline and be eager to learn. - Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Must have pleasant and friendly personality - Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Must be achievement and goal oriented. For further details Contact: I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Operations Manager Keyskills business development operations customer general insurance mis reinsurance alliances enhancement customer engagement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details