TITLE: Graphic Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary: We are looking for a talented UI Designer to create amazing user experiences. The ideal candidate should have an eye for clean and artful design, possess superior UI skills and be able to translate high-level requirements into interaction flows and artifacts, and transform them into beautiful, intuitive, and functional user interfaces. Responsibilities : Design all digital content including banners, emailers, social posts and advertisements. Education : Graduate and above Requirements : Demonstrable UI design skills with a strong portfolio. Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps. Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator, or other visual design and wire-framing tools. Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction. Ability to present your designs and sell your solutions to various stakeholders. Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively. Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills development photoshop illustrator interfaces tools visual design banners ui design agile scrum skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Qtech Software Pvt.Ltd. Qtech Software has been the trusted IT services, technology consulting and business IT solutions partner for companies in over 20 countries across the globe. Our relentless pursuit of perfection has earned us a valuable reputation in the market as a firm that will get it done, no matter what. Our rapid and steady growth, as well as that of our clients is a testament to the relationship we share with our clients and any firm we partner with. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details