TITLE: Maintenance Manager

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Communicates directly with the operations department to coordinate maintenance and repair work in process areas. Communicates directly with QA laboratory to ensure effective participation by the maintenance technicians in the implementation of QA policies and procedures. Implements programs and procedures required to ensure floor cleanliness. Maintains and updates operating and training manuals for the maintenance department. Ensures that all maintenance technicians are trained on the most updated version of the operating procedures. Monitors operation of plant equipment and systems. Supervises floor maintenance personnel. Maintains safety, health, and environmental policies and procedures. Communicates regularly with all maintenance technicians, both individually and as a group, to ensure good two-way communication concerning maintenance issues Directs, maintains, and enforces the safety program for the maintenance department; reviews safety records to uphold standards of maximum safety for all maintenance technicians. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Workman/Foreman/Technician Keyskills operations standards procedures policies maintenance maintenance department operation qa floor equipment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DYPatil Hospital To create a top notch health care system that delivers physical, mental and spiritual health needs to all socio-economic strata, locally, nationally and globally; and also to educate and train students to emerge as the finest medical doctors in the community. Vision To be a world class health care centre, providing affordable and quality services in all medical specialties to the local, national and international communities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details