TITLE: Senior Recruiter - BFSI Hiring - Non IT

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently expanding our internal Talent Acquisition team and looking for passionate recruiters who can engage with the US and Europe counter parts, aligning the business units in India. Job Title: Sr Corporate RecruiterÂ Experience: 6+ years into recruitment (Atleast 4 Years into BFSI hiring) Work Location: ITPL Whitefield, Bangalore Availability: Should be able to join us ASAP (Immediate joiners preferred) Job detail: Should be willing to handle End-to-End recruitment (BFSI) Should have hands on experience in using Job boardsÂ Should be well versed with using LinkedIn and other social media platforms Partner with IPsoft BU's to understand and prioritize recruiting needs Shoulod be able to work on defined SLAs and arrive the Turn Around Time Work with Talent Acquisition to understand position requirements and build out a strategic sourcing plan Possess Experience in: Investment Banking, Finance Risk Management, Operational Risk Analysis, Audit Compliance, Auditing, Capital market, Security, Credit, Risk, Financial Markets, Statistical Analysis, Risk Management, Journal, Budgeting. Desired Skillset: Excellent Communication Skills Confidently communicate with business headsÂ Should possess decent interpersonal skills Should be able to take the ownership of the requisitions assigned Interested candidates please revert with updated CV. Regards, Prakash Pchandup @ipsoft.com Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills IT Recruitment Talent Acquisition Screening Onboarding Strategic Sourcing Linkedin Social Media Interpersonal Skills Communication Skills BFSI Banking Financials Securities Insurance Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IPsoft Global Services Private Limited About Company ABOUT IPSOFT IPsoft is a global, industry-leading managed services company offering a complete solution to enterprise customers for outsourcing global IT operations. We offer a full range of managed services to our clients, from management at the individual component, device and network level to the analysis, design and management of complex business processes. IPsoft's unique (and proprietary) automation technology remediates more than half of the detected exceptions in our managed client environments. We manage our customers' systems through our worldwide Network Operations Centers located in New York City (HQ), London, Amsterdam and Bangalore. IPsoft has been solidly profitable since its inception as a company in 1998, and has roughly doubled its gross revenues for four straight years; we are on a trajectory to continue this rapid growth pace, meaning that you will have an opportunity to grow with the company. CULTURE IPsoft is committed to helping our employees develop their full potential in both business and technical spheres, and it is our policy to recognize excellent performance by promoting from within. IPsoft is a fast-paced, energetic and fun place to work. We're changing the way managed services are delivered to customers, and we're looking for people who want to make a difference. The best evidence that IPsoft is a good place to work? People come to work here and stay. If you come to work at IPsoft, you'll be working with cutting-edge technologies and the bright, driven people who develop them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details