TITLE: Link Builder

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this with a multi-national company in the most exciting and fastest growing field of technology and marketing - Internet Search Marketing and Advertising. The position is based in Mumbai, India. Job Spec: Your work in this position will contribute to the process of promoting our clients\' websites and developing strategic relationships with other site owners to promote their business. To this effect, link development, social media marketing and directory submission will be the main focus of your activities. You will also be tasked with continually identifying new avenues to promote our client sites, and relevant websites willing to form alliances through link exchanges, banner placements etc. Requirements: Be extremely articulate and fluent in English (native language) Your skills at writing in English should be immaculate and virtually error-free You must be very comfortable with use of all Internet technologies Keen awareness of Western culture, including popular music, movies and games The work might initially seem obtuse and demand patience, perseverance and a degree of innovativeness. We therefore require a person who is hard working and does not give up easily. Additional qualifications (preferred): Conversant with Search Engine usage and techniques Understandi ng of or experience with link building Experience using social networking platforms Personal blog Experience using social bookmarking and news sharing sites Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Link Builder Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AccuraCast AccuraCast is one of the leading search, mobile and social media marketing agencies in Europe. Our services are now available to clients in India. If you need world-class search engine optimisation, pay per click management or social media marketing our performance-driven solutions might be right for you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details