TITLE: Content & Production Executive

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You Must have knowledge of FCP (Editing Softwarer squos), Different Camerars quos, Script Writing Must have a comprehensive understanding of events in National and International space Must have hands on experience in churning Big stories out of events Must have sharpness and flair of language thus leading to Mass Reach Must possess news sense, ability to visualize packages and graphics, headlines and visuals for stories Must have sense of News Business and functioning of the News Industry Must have an experience in the TV/digital medium of more than 5 years. Must have the ability to manage large teams and work under pressure Shall produce news shows as per the requirement of the Editorial team. Managing the entire life cycle of the show from researching, scripting, to ensuring that the final show that goes on air is of high-quality and error free Shall be responsible for selecting content for the bulletins and if required certain shows Shall be responsible for the editorial content; producer focus on the quality of what goes on air Shall come up with new initiatives to give a fresh look to the existing shows Shall come up with new and innovative ideas for production look and feel Shall come up with ideas and concepts for new show, which syncs with the ideology of the channel Shall keep a continuous track of shows on air on competition channel Shall be responsible for researching and updating with the new production techniques and technology used in production We Are a young organization and the workplace is an extension of our families back home. Mondays and Fridays have the same effect on us. Value positive vibes, honesty, sense of judgement, empathy and self-motivation. Believe in experimentation and don\'t think of new things as daunting enough to take up at any point in time. Are looking for driven and focused individuals. Will be more than happy to hear from you. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Keyskills events ideas graphics life cycle editorial be up work under pressure responsible content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bookmyshow BookMyShow is India\'s biggest online movie and events ticketing brand. The website caters to ticket sales for movies, plays, concerts and sporting events via the online platform. Launched in 1999, it is headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details