TITLE: PURCHASE EXECUTIVE

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities: Maintain records of goods ordered & received. Locate vendors of materials equipment or supplies, and interview them in order to determine product availability and terms of sales. Prepare and process requisitions and purchase orders for supplies and equipment . Control purchasing department budgets. Review purchase order claims and contracts for conformance to company policy. Analyze market and delivery systems in order to assess present and future material availability. Develop and implement purchasing and contract management instructions, policies, and procedures. Participate in the development of specifications for equipment, products or substitute materials. Resolve vendor or contractor grievances, and claims against suppliers. Represent companies in negotiating contracts and formulating policies with suppliers. Review, evaluate, and approve specifications for issuing and awarding bids. Direct and coordinate activities of personnel engaged in buying, selling, and distributing materials, equipment, machinery, and supplies. Prepare reports regarding market conditions and merchandise costs. Administer on-line purchasing systems. Arrange for disposal of surplus materials. Personal characteristics: Considerable knowledge of contract administration and procurement practices. Considerable knowledge of some engineering and construction principles and practices. Knowledge of general and capital fund accounting principles and procedures. Ability to communicate effectively both in writing and verbally. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills PURCHASE EXECUTIVE Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited (IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTM) is an Indian company conducting ecologicalinfrastructure projects and enabling building materials production based on ZymTecTMsoil stabilization technology, provided by iTecÂ­W.IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTMis an associated enterprise of the Israeli company IÂ­TecÂ­W Ltd, a global company that operates in the fields ofsoil stabilization, ecological road infrastructure, and manufacturing of ecological building materials.In addition the technology is applied in the concrete industry as a cement substitute, facilitating a saving of up to 60% of the cementcontent in the concrete mix. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details