TITLE: Clinical Data Associate 1

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Duties & Responsiblities SUMMARY OF POSITION: The CDA Executes the Data Management functions in accordance with Chiltern and/or sponsor Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Data Management Activities: 1. Provide input and assistance in the design of Case Report Forms (CRFs). 2. Perform any necessary interpretations of compare output and provide feedback to DM Project Leader for resolution and database edits in DM 3. Assist in preparation of data entry guidelines for selected projects 4. Assist in the creation of test data for entry screens and edit checks 5. Test data entry screens as per data entry guidelines and CRF for selected projects 6. Create, issue and update the database with resolved data queries 7. Reconcile project files, reports, listings and other documents generated in data management against a database for accuracy and completeness of data management processes 8. Performs the filing and archiving of CRFrsquos in DM 9. Work concurrently on multiple projects 10. Perform all tasks to relevant Chiltern and/or Sponsor SOPs, ICH or other regulatory guidelines in DM 11. Work in a timely manner in accordance with all the activities specified in the agreed study budget, under the supervision and guidance of the Data Management Project Leader (DMPL) or Sr. Data Management Project Leader (Sr.DMPL) Requirements PREFERRED SKILLS: Bachelorrsquos degree preferred Related experience (1-2 years) - EDC experience is a must and preferably in Rave or InForm Computer literacy Good accurate keyboard skills Basic understanding of medical terminology Effective communication skills including coordination skills, good personal presentation, oral and written communication skills Experience working in a team environment under time and resource pressures Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Clinical Data Associate 1 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Chilltern International, Inc Chiltern offers a fully integrated solution for all contract clinical research staffing and internal hiring needs. With over 30 years experience in hiring CRO staff and providing clinical personnel to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device and diagnostic companies, were an industry leader known for providing career development opportunities and service excellence. That means were always seeking the best candidates to fill the needs of our global customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details