TITLE: Game Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Leading game design for multiplatform games like flash, Social games, iPhone, Android, PC/Mac. Write clear and concise game design documents. Drive prototyping, mechanics, pacing, tuning, tutorial, usability, level ramp, story, meta-structure, aesthetics, and creative vision of projects assigned to you. Use a metrics-driven approach to game design, learning from users, as you drive retention, virality and monetization into the gamersquos design. Source ideas and draft proposals consisting of concept docs, development plans, product plans, and schedules. Understand and contribute to overall company goals and sales/marketing requirements advising on portfolio direction and new game ideas and inventing and sourcing from third parties the best games to serve our target consumers. Requirements game designing for any platform. Photoshop and UI design skills. Excellent analytical, facilitation and organizational skills required. Demonstrated ability to be self-motivated- meeting deadlines is required. Demonstrated ability to work well with Art, Marketing, Production, and Engineering staff to efficiently deliver the best games while meeting the goals and requirements of each of those teams. Ability to generate and refine fun game mechanics and themes. Commitment to quality on time execution. Strong written and verbal English communication skills essential. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Game Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nilee Games Nilee Games is a game developer & publisher of Mobile games. Its journey started in year 2011, during the course of time we have learnt a lot and developed tons of games for our clients and partners from Indian & overseas market of all major industries. Nilee Games provide wide range of services in game development having team of qualified experts gaming development, which is a culmination of years of extensive knowledge and experience in all aspects of game development operations. Our main focus is to create games for multiplatform with efficient and cost effective way. Recently, Movie based games took our interest. We already developed movie based game , Darr @ the mall co-production with MSM Motion Pictures and Contiloe Entertainment pvt. Ltd, which is live on Google Play and App Store. and Gang of Ghosts in association with SK Entertainment and VENUS. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details