TITLE: Manager / Sr. Manager

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Drafting & vetting Shareholderrsquos Agreements and Business Transfer Agreement. Drafting and vetting Non-disclosure/confidentiality Agreements Drafting & vetting of other agreements & documents Compliance with requirements under FEMA/RBI Guidelines Dealing with matters relating to Scheme of Arrangement in High Court Filing of application with Regulatory Authority and other related matters Compliance with all Company law and procedures Compliance with other corporate legal requirements. E-filing of Returns & Forms with MCA/ROC under the Companies Act, 1956. Drafting and vetting of Agreements/Contracts/MOUs and other documents related to various commercial and contractual matters such as : All agreement - MOUrsquos, Port Service Agreement, NDArsquorsquos shareholders Agreement, Business transfer Agreements, Lease & Sub Lease Deeds, Sub Concession Agreement etc. Registration of Trade Marks, Copy Rights and other IPR matters. Maintaining statutory Registers and records Should be familiar with tendering process Providing support to subsidiary companies in respect of Company law & other matters. Coordination and communication with Strategic and other investors Liaison with Solicitors, lawyers and counsels and advisors. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Legal Manager Keyskills drafting ipr vetting company law statutory tendering registration documents coordination deeds Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: LLB PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dighi Port Limited Dighi Port is being developed by Balaji Infra Projects Ltd (BIPL) under a 50 year Build, Own, Operate, Share, Transfer (BOOST) concession agreement signed with the Maharashtra Maritime Board (MMB), the Government of Maharashtra, to develop, operate, finance and maintain the Port. Dighi Port, the first Greenfield port in Maharashtra, is being developed as a multipurpose, multi cargo, all weather port with deep draught, direct berthing facilities and state-of-the-art cargo handling equipment with adequate stockyards and warehousing facilities, back up area with ample land bank of approximately 1600 acres. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details