TITLE: Associate - Corporate Sector Essbase

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Roles & Responsibilities include specific functions/ tasks/ performance objectives Design Essbase Applications and provide ongoing support for the Corporate Sector group. Taking ownership of specific projects including application design based upon requirements gathered and understanding of functional specifications. Development of report scripts to export data and feed to downstream loads. Development and implementation of MaxL and windows batch scripts to automate operations. Develop user data access filters. Troubleshoot user reported application issues and communicate resolution. Investigate and analyze production issues and resolve in a timely manner. Write and maintain application support documents 2. Preferred Skills & Experience include specifics, as above This Position requires Bachelors degree, or its equivalent in information management, finance/business, accounting, computer science, or another applicable technical degree. Prior professional database experience with Hyperion Essbase database configuration and administration. Experience in designing & troubleshooting Calc Scripts (MDX, MaxL & EssCmd) ASO & BSO outline design, including UDAs, Attribute Dimensions, Data /Dimension rules. Expertise in optimizing calculation script performance, BSO formulas and MDX ASO formulas. Advanced knowledge of Excel Essbase Add- in functionality. Experience in extracting data from SAPCO, HCR and CDGL is helpful. Proficiency with Unix or AIX is helpful. Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong organizational skills Strong ability to multi- task /change focus quickly Strong technical documentation skills Team Player - can work with multiple teams and groups Detail Oriented - can organize and work with multiple systems Adaptable and able to quickly learn new processes and/or technologies Flexible in working occasional early, late, and weekend hours to implement monthly or non- scheduled application maintenance Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills unix development windows aix configuration application support troubleshooting operations functions essse Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Essential Skills & Experience -- include specifics regarding academic/ professional qualifications (e.g. degree, university, results), # years total and # years relevant work experience, relevant employers, relevant experience (nature of work/ job functions) Bachelors Degree in Accounting/Finance with technical bend of mind Must be team oriented and willing to assume multiple tasks as needed (attitude to learn and deliver) Strong interpersonal and written communications skills Must have the analytical skills & good logical sense. Demonstrates flexibility, teamwork and control in dealing with clients and colleagues at all levels Ability to multi-task, prioritize and meet demanding deliverables and high volume Must be detail oriented and maintain professional behavior under stressful situations. Extremely organized and control oriented to handle diverse workload Previous analytical and financial experience a plus. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details