TITLE: Content Writing

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Write content on any topic provided and should be proficient in writing. Conduct periodic check of content health, online research, generate original content. Content for various webpages and write creative unique content for NGO/Celebrity/Corporate blogs, articles, press releases, newsletters, emails, etc. Job Description Must be excellent in UK/US English (spoken and writing) Excellent content writing/ easy writing, editing and sound knowledge of computer is required Experience developing contents for Search Engine Optimization Good command over language and grammar Developing/ Editing Articles, Case Studies Writing, Newsletter Writing, Email Writing and Press Releases Developing original and unique content for websites Ability to meet work independently and meet deadlines A flexible attitude with proven experience of working in a team Fresh Candidate will be considered as Trainee. Can handle any type of work related to Content Writing, Copywriting, Creative Writing, SEO Based Writing, Article-Writing, Blog-Writing, Press-Release Writing, Case Studies Writing, News-letter Writing, and Email Writing. Editorials, marketing collateral including our vision mission, social impact, brochures, pamphlets , success stories, PPT presentation, white papers, corporate preparation of help files, user guides Edit and proof read content. Write wordpress blogs, comments, seo campaign descriptions, brand support material etc. Should be able to Write SEO based content to help in achieving organic rankings. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills content writing english creative writing articles article writing seo grammar case studies ngo email Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vinayak InfoSoft Vinayak InfoSoft is a professional web design and development company based in Ahmedabad, India. We believe in keeping long term relationship with our clients as they are the reason why we work. The real fact of todays world is Customers dont care about functions or specific activities that occur within the organization. The end game is whether they are getting the right product at the right time at a competitive price. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details