TITLE: Microsoft/ Java Sr. Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is regarding a position for Microsoft/ Java Sr. Advisor Â with our direct client located in Banglore. If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: Microsoft/ Java Sr. Advisor Location: Banglore jobdescription Professional qualification: We are looking for a Java Developer with experience in building high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications. You will be part of a talented software team that works on mission-critical applications. You will be responsible for Java/Java EE application development while providing expertise in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing. Responsibilities Design and develop high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems, delivering high-availability and performance. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Write well designed, testable, efficient code. Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications. Prepare and produce releases of software components. Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review. Requirements : BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Proven hands-on Software Development experience Proven working experience in Java Spring, JSF development Hands on experience in designing and developing applications using Java EE platforms Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns. Profound insight of Java and JEE internals (Classloading, Memory Management, Transaction management etc) Excellent knowledge of Oracle Database and SQL Experience in the Spring Framework Experience in developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Wicket, GWT, Spring MVC) Experience with Agile methodology development Understanding of Oracle Middleware stack (OSB/BPEL) is highly desirable. Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java EE Spring Mvc Wicket JSF GWT Oracle Database JEE SQL Database Design Patterns Spring Framework Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Top It Mncs About VARITE VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details