TITLE: Counselor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. is a teamwork of all its franchisee partners who are obsessed with the company's mission to create a society where English speaking capability can be harnessed by each and every individual to increase his/her potential to succeed in their professional and personal life. We seek to liberate the person from his inability to communicate in the corporate language of India, which is English. We believe everybody has a right to his/her share of success and lack of spoken English capability cannot be a hindrance to a man/woman's capability to achieve it.Â Speakwell was established in 2006 as a spoken English Training Company with its first center in Mumbai. Over the years it has grown into a complete career solution company with a vast network of centers across India. It has more than 100 centers spread across Maharashtra, Gujarat, U.P., H.P. & Kerala.Â Apart from Spoken English, the company has diversified into job oriented training in sectors like BPO, Retail, Hospitality, etc.Â Job Description KRAs of Counselor: - Taking care of first hand enquiries and converting them to admissions. Responsible for the achievement of the centre as well as individual targets. Doing follow- ups to the enquiries. Maintaining strong public relation with the students. Maintenances of stock enquiry form, receipt books, admission register etc. Attending training and meeting arranged by HO/RO/CM. Issuing Icard/ bag/ bookset/ visitors details/ etc. Outstanding recovery. Update spreadsheet If required do the house calls also. Monitoring and getting done the marketing activity. Qualifications HSC/ Graduation Required Additional Information Candidates with sales background are preferred Freshers can also apply Salary- 8 to 14k Urgently required Counselors for Vasai, Panvel, Churney Rd, Sion centers Good English, Hindi/ Marathi/ Gujrati communication skills required Active, Smart candidates preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Counselor Keyskills bpo hospitality monitoring rd marathi cm maintaining receipt spoken Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details