TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Product Manager, you will contribute to a product line. This extends from increasing the profitability of existing products to developing new products for the company. You will build products from existing ideas, and help to develop new ideas based on your industry experience. You must possess a unique blend of business and technical savvy; a big-picture vision, and the drive to make that vision a reality. You must enjoy spending time in the market to find innovative solutions for the broader market. You must be able to communicate with all areas of the company. You will work with an engineering counterpart to define product release requirements. You will work with Sales/marketing communications to define the market strategy, helping them understand the product positioning, key benefits, and target customer. You will also serve as the internal and external evangelist for your product offering, working with the sales channel. The candidate should have around 4- 10 yrs of industry experience from reputed organizations in the field of Portal / Product development. Candidate should be based in Mumbai or should be open to relocating to Mumbai. Requirements EducationGraduation MBA,/ BE (Comp/ IT), ME (Comp/ IT), MCA, M.TECH, B.TECH DepartmentProd uct Development Experience (years)4-10 years; essential to have prior experience in a mobile product development Co RoleProduct Management, User Engagement and Retention.Responsibilities Product strategy and business planning - Overall responsibility for product planning and product positioning. Understan ding customer needs and consumer behavior through research, customer feedback. Competitorrs quos analysis and identifying areas for differentiation. Produ ct development - Defining the product vision, conceptualizing, creating product specification document, conducting product specification reviews with key stakeholders, executing the implementation of the overall product roadmap. Ensure attractive designing and good user flow for the website that pulls in more audiences. Working closely with designers, engineering team, quality assurance team, content writers to create synergies leading to a high quality product. Ensuring timely delivery of projects through proper planning, scheduling and execution. Utilize web analytics to track and evaluate product portfoliorsquos success and continually identify new opportunities to enhance the product suite. Skill Set Required Market Knowledge (Current Situation, Market share, understanding of Competition. Market research techniques. Analytical and Logical Thinking Ability to understand the technology behind the Products. Abilty to Understand the UI process and to work in cohesion with the technology Team Good Presentation Skills Domain Knowledge for the Products. Web Internet and WAP. D2C Business model Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mauj Mobile Pvt. Ltd Mauj Mobile specializes in premium apps & contentmarketplaces. With over 20m UVs per month, Maujis a fast growing mobile company from India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details