TITLE: International Ticketing Executive

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Responsible for issuing Air tickets for Retail customers, B2B/Subagents, and B2C customers etc. To confirm waitlisted seats by monitoring flights and liaising with the airlines. To monitor and manage GDS queues as individual queues to keep a tab on pnrs with Schedule change or cancelled message from the airline. To do the invoicing on time for each tickets issued immediately and ensure that the payment has been collected for the same. To ensure and checking the possibility of Up sell or better ticketing option or possibility of reselling in lower class for profits before issuance. To provide excellent support to the In-house and UK Reservation team for queries related to Fare, ticketing, Fare rules, cancellations rule etc. To ensure 100% quality checks is done before tickets are issued to ensure there is no error resulting in loss to the company. To upload Non GDS tickets onto Quad labs by manually creating the booking card. To report to the operation manager on any tickets which is to be issued to issued without Quad labs booking card or incorrect booking card created with LOSS or less profit margins etc. To complete the dispatching of tickets after completing the invoicing. To liaise the Airline on any special request like extra seats, meal request etc. Ensure no Queries are left unattended and should not exceed 12hrs. Desired Candidate Profile : Minimum 1-3Years of experience in Issuing and reissuing Tickets on CRS Amadeus and Sabre. Knowledge of manual fare shell creation would be an added advantage. Should be a good team player in achieving the desired growth of the organisation and team Excellent communication skills and good customer service skills. Willingness to work under UK shift timing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills International Ticketing Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Indtex Solutions Pvt. Ltd Indtex Solutions Pvt Ltd, is a subsidiary of The Travel Team Ltd based in United Kingdom. Founded in the year 2010, Our core competence lies in handling complete back office processes like Air as well as Non Air business travel processes which includes Air Reservations, Hotel Reservations, GDS Ticketing, Air Fare filing, Hotel contract loading, Tailor made Holiday packages etc. on behalf of our parent company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details