TITLE: Assistant Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this National Payments Corporation of India (An ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company) :: NPCI in News Assistant Manager - RuPay E Commerce Assistant Manager - RuPay E Commerce Number of Positions: Place of posting: Age as on 01. 05. 2015: Preferably 22 to 28 years Educational Qualification: Graduate/ Post graduate degree Minimum post qualification experience of 2- 5 years in relevant area Role Objective: Increase acceptance of RuPay E Commerce Ensuring enablement of Banks for E Commerce Increasing the transaction Success rate Working with stakeholders to improve the assigned portfolio Key Responsibilities: Conceptualize new ideas, research the new ideas, and evaluate them objectively from a market and feasibility standpoint. Ensuring branding at merchant sites. Working with Aggregators to improve the portfolio and enabling maximum merchants Working with banks providing payment gateway services to enable their respective aggregators for RuPay acceptance. Transaction Analysis Decline management Maintaining Management Information System on key parameters Working with Banks for enabling them on RuPay ecommerce. Working with Internal teams like Operations Technology for certification and other projects. Working with Internal external teams for troubleshooting. Ensuring compliance adherence to any Regulatory Internal points. Handling customer queries Any other special projects General Responsibilities: Planning, Coordinating, Organizing meetings, Client Engagement Programs, Workshops, Events and other related items w. r. t the same. Drafting process documents Internal Notes as required. Assisting in Key Business Projects and providing support for the same Monitor Internal Project Tracker and do necessary follow ups. Preparing presentations for Internal and External audiences. Skills: Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Proficiency in MS Office. Ability to prioritize workload and meet deadlines. Solution Provider Self- motivated Team Player Note: The eligibility criteria can be relaxed for the candidates with strong domain knowledge and experience Site Best Viewed in 1024x768 Resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills operations branding events analytical ms office payments troubleshooting ideas organizing coordinating Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: National Payments Corporation of India National Payments Corporation of India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details