TITLE: Graphic Designer UI/UX

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The job provides exciting opportunity to work on UI of website / mobile site / Mobile applications to ensure that Songdew strengthens its position as leading brand in India. As UI designer, the person would be responsible for giving direction to the UI approach to all the platforms ( web/mobile/tablets) with the aim of ensuring that Songdew could compete with the best brands in the world. Songdew also works with some of the leading brands in the country and creates some innovative concepts which involves conceptualisation and creation of engaging microsites . The job also provides opportunity to drive such initiatives as well. Designation and Salary will be in line with the experience and best practices in the industry The job provides tremendous opportunity to grow in fast paced environment and the selected person will be part of core team of Songdew driving the business strategy. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Graphic Designer UI UX Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Songdew Media Pvt. ltd Songdew is the fastest growing social network of artists and listeners! Thousands of new artists are signing up on Songdew to share their tracks with other musicians and listeners. They are using some of the MOST AMAZING and EASY TO USE tools for sharing music, promoting songs and collaborating with other artists. Artists can even distribute their music in the form of songs, CDs and ringtones. Many artists are finding new opportunities of events, collaborations and opportunities every day through Songdew! There is a growing base of listeners connecting with Songdew to stream fresh sounds, download /buy their favorite songs and connect with new artists! - Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details