TITLE: Manager - Manufacturing (Electronics)

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this p> Job Profile p> Key Responsibilities p> 1. Electronic Integration in Safes & Cabinets 2. Development of Infrastructure in assembly & final fitting lines 3. Participate in concurrent engineering 4. Establishment of Quality Systems 5. Vendor development in Electronic systems & sub-assemblies 6. People development p> Job Description p> The Position is responsible for incorporating electronic integration in safes & Cabinets to meet the market requirements. The Job will call for :- 1. To create infrastructure in assembly & final fitting lines for integration of electronic components & sub-assemblies. 2. To work closely with Electronic Technology cell for developing components and sub- assemblies suitable for integration into the final product . 3. To establish quality systems for consistent supplies of electronic sub -assemblies to the line. 4. Developing assembly jigs and fixtures for integrating electronic sub -assemblies in the final product 5. To work closely with Electronics Technology Cell for development of testing jigs and establishing testing procedures on assembly lines to meet required functional and performance CTQ . 6. To assist technology cell for lifecycle testing in development of new electromechanical systems. 7. To facilitate procurement team to develop suitable vendors for development of new electronic systems . 8. To meet all compliance requirements in relation to electronic systems with reference to the domestic &international certifications like VDS, BRE, SP , ECBS , CNPP , SABS during manufacturing 9. To develop teams of competent operators and engineers for facilitating integration of electronic systems in designated emerging range of products for Domestic and International Markets. 10. To set up proper SPF lines meeting the takt time and throughput requirements for facilitating integration of electronic systems in ready products . 11. Developing and maintaining E waste management system. 12. Leading all process improvement projects to improve assembly line efficiency. 13. Driving TOC, TPM and Safety in department p> p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills development fixtures jigs procurement quality systems tpm process improvement waste management procedures maintaining Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Godrej Industries Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details