TITLE: Customer Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Deliver services as per procedure/process document. The Desktop Engineers also coordinate with the hardware support team for all Replacements and Repairs. The Desktop engineers update the Service Desk team either through phone or mail or online updation for the status of the service tickets that they are handling. The Desktop engineer's front end escalations from end users and notify the concerned supervisor to follow the escalation matrix and see that customer is satisfied. The Desktop engineers take every opportunity to train the end users and empower them to handle the tickets themselves which would help to empower end users and reduce repair time. The Desktop engineers constantly update the knowledge base on known issues within customer Environment so that they can use it for subsequent tickets The Desktop engineers do pro-active checks and preventive maintenance activities on the desktops and printers to avoid repeat & known issues The Desktop engineers do a random audit on the anti-virus status on the desktops and take customary corrective action The Desktop engineers assist CUSTOMER in movement of the assets from one location to another Installation and trouble shooting skills on all Microsoft Applications and Software's. They install new desktops / software / hardware and peripherals and also assist in disposal of the same. Experience in dismantling / assembling desktops Good Customer handling skills Trouble shooting skill on Windows 2000 / XP / Vista / 2003 Knowledge on Hardware Assembling and troubleshooting Knowledge of RAS Remote connectivity Tools Installation and trouble shooting skills on all Microsoft Applications and Software's. Knowledge of Networking (LAN) Knowledge of configuring & troubleshooting email Clients First Level Exposure to the basic technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Keyskills networking desktop troubleshooting lan assets audit vista email assembling preventive maintenance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ALLIED DIGITAL SERVICES LTD. Allied Digital Services Ltd. is a global provider of Managed IT solutions that help ... Allied Digital project featured in Pune mirror :Beware, Big Brother is watching. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details