TITLE: Mechanical Engineer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Currently we are looking for Mechanical Engineer (BE / Diploma) for our chartered engineering business. The selected candidate has to accompany our chartered engineers for plant and machinery inspection in and around MMRDA region or carry out design calculations , or other engineering work , etc. As part of this job , the selected candidate would have an opportunity to inspect various machines / equipment manufactured all over the world and which used in different industries and also designing various products / parts. So if you have inclination for gaining practicle knowledge of machines and equipment then you are most suitable / ideal candidates for this position. The main area of operation covered would be first Mumbai Metropolitan region. However the candidate may have to travel to Pune , Nashik , Aurangabad , Vapi and areas around these cities as well. Desired Candidate Profile: We are looking for self-motivated sales persons who can make the difference and should have passion for engineering. The ideal candidate should be hard working and appetite to learn for engineering knowledge. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Industrial Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CompuBee Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Our unique Delivery Model delivers value to our customers by delivering services at reduced costs and exceeding the delivery schedule. We have customer focused on-site consultants who are augmented by our offshore development center. Our Methodology and Delivery processes ensure that customer requirements are met and projects delivered on time with high quality standards. For this, we have excellent team of consultants having unique combination of industry and consulting experience that enables them to make our customers more competitive. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details