TITLE: Features Editor

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must have knowledge of FCP (Editing Softwarersquos), Different Camerar quos, Script Writing Shall produce a show / program as per the requirement of the programming team. Managing the entire life cycle of the show from ideating, researching, scripting, to ensuring that the final show that goes on air is of high-quality and error free. Shall be responsible for developing the look & feel, style and production of the shows. Thus he/she is responsible for the overall presentation of shows Shall be doing research and coming up with content as per the requirement of the show and the show flow Shall be scripting for the shows, giving interesting slants to stories and feature packages Shall be doing VOrsquos for the shows as required Shall be involved in and directing shoots (indoor and outdoor)) as per the requirement of the show program Shall be creating special promos and vignettes to promote individual shows and stories. Shall be coming up with new initiatives to give a fresh look to the existing shows Shall be coming up with new and innovative ideas for production look and feel Shall be coming up with ideas and concepts for new shows. Shall keep a continuous track of shows on air on competition platforms. Shall research and update with the new production techniques and technology used in production We Are a young organization and the workplace is an extension of our families back home. Mondays and Fridays have the same effect on us. Value positive vibes, honesty, sense of judgement, empathy and self-motivation. Believe in experimentation and don\'t think of new things as daunting enough to take up at any point in time. Are looking for driven and focused individuals. Will be more than happy to hear from you. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Editor Role:Features Editor Keyskills ideas life cycle be up production program self motivation script writing research content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bookmyshow BookMyShow is India\'s biggest online movie and events ticketing brand. The website caters to ticket sales for movies, plays, concerts and sporting events via the online platform. Launched in 1999, it is headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details