TITLE: Senior Software Engineer (LAMP)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A high caliber Sr. Software Engineer with work that involves understanding and implementing latest technologies and closely following the global trends on web and mobile web development. Working on leading mobile consumer portals. Implementation using wide range of technologies including LAMP, Solr, Memcached, JQuery, FFMpeg and others. International standards of MVC development using frameworks like Symphony and Prado. Key role in the technical structure of the organization. Participation in strategic sessions and project steering group. Requirements : Education : BE (Comp/ IT), ME (Comp/ IT), MCA, M. TECH, B. TECH Experience : 3-5 years (Good to have - prior experience in a mobile product development) Core skills : Responsible for code reviews, documentation and maintenance of applications Responsible for core product metrics End to end responsibility for Programming of new pages / micro-sites Developing Internal web based interfaces Providing technical leadership to team members Delivering time-based task assignments Unit testing Portal Management experience is a must Command on PHP, MySQL, Linux, Apache, JavaScript, XML, HTML; Excellent in SQL concepts/ HTTP concepts Should have experience of at least 4 years in PHP Very good in programming logic Require sharp and analytical trouble shooting ability Should have good, verbal as well as written skills, in order to handle team and inter-team communication Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql php javascript linux xml html jquery apache mca product development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mauj Mobile Pvt. Ltd. Mauj Mobile is a company focused on building great customer destinations on Mobile Internet. Established in 2003, we were formed with the vision to empower consumers by providing entertainment and information via mobile phone and specifically on Mobile Internet platforms. Funded by Sequoia Capital,Westbridge Capital and Intel Capital, Mauj Mobile is a part of People Group, which has been recognized as one of the most innovative Digital Media businesses globally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details