TITLE: Communications Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Work closely with Communication Head and other team members in developing communications materials, proposals, and presentation materials. Co ordinate and manage the development and production of communications materials for all initiatives. Write and edit documents including: fundraising proposals to individuals, foundations and corporations; communications materials, such as press releases, cultivation, solicitation and acknowledgment letters. Work with Communication Head to create a social media strategy that collaborates with marketing, PR and advertising campaigns. Create timely and engaging content optimized for platform used and intended audience. Analyze and report social media actions on a weekly / monthly basis for successes, new opportunities and learnings. Customize social media pages (ex. Facebook, Twitter, Google , YouTube. Stay current with social media trends and tools - includes attending networking and educational events, reading blogs, and listening to podcasts. Continue to refine and define our social marketing process Live updates on social media during events Collaborate with other team members to achieve priorities. Experience: Professional level skills in proposal writing and editing preferable for a non-profit organization. Skill in writing for a variety of audiences. Ability to write/edit in a variety of writing styles, ability to draft materials on organization initiatives. Strong editing and proofreading skills. Interpersonal skills to facilitate work with a wide range of individuals and groups from socially diverse sections. Ability to use a variety of personal computer software application Minimum 4 years experience (inclusive of 2 years of social media) Experience including but not limited to Facebook, LinkedIn, Google , Google Communities, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, Pinterest, and more. Knowledge of social media and analytics software Working knowledge of social media free /paid advertising campaigns including Facebook, Linkedin and Twitter. Strong, professional written and verbal communication skills. Strategic content creation and excellent writing skills. Ability to work independently and in a team environment. Excellent time management skills including the ability to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Corporate Communication Executive Keyskills development networking events pr tools social media co analytics social marketing documents Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Salaam Bombay Foundation Salaam Bombay Foundation Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details