TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Identify new business opportunities. Build and maintain relationship with existing and prospecting clients. Prepare presentations, proposals and marketing material that reflect the needs of the client. Develop solution proposals encompassing all aspects of the applications including software, technology, support and implementation requirements working with the technology team. Requirements: 5-7 years of experience in IT consulting industry. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills. Self-motivated, self-managed (works independently), goal-oriented, passionate about sales (team approach, consultative selling) and enthusiastic. Excellent team player. College degree in Business/Marketing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Clay Logix (India) Pvt Ltd, ClayLogix is a global IT Solution and Service provider focused on helping customers improve their operational efficiency by making best use of people, processes, and technology.ClayLogix strongly believes that all IT solutions or services must ultimately add value to the business. While addressing customers\' requirements and challenges, we take a unique process driven view and approach. The management team at ClayLogix has deep roots in the "technology world" and the "process world". So on one side we take Business Process Management (BPM) approach to articulate business challenges and on other side we apply core IT principals to deliver the solution. This unique combination of business and IT alignment is ClayLogix\'s USP. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details