TITLE: Quality Assurance Specialist / Manual Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities Conduct manual testing and use various exploratory testing techniques to uncover defects in the developed code. Design, implement and execute test cases and review peer test cases. These will all be black box testing cases. Log defects into the bug tracking system and actively participate in the debugging and patching process. Suggest improvements to make the product or project module better. Validate input and output outcomes based on standard validation best practices. Improve the overall quality level of the website being developed and check if all functions on the backend and frontend work as specified in the requirements document. Document test cases and results in detail. Design and develop scripts for automation test using Selenium (Web Driver) or a similar technology. Desired Candidate Profile: UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B. Tech/B. E. - Preferably Computers / IT / Computer Science / Electronics / ENTC PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, M. Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Good communication skills (Verbal and Written). Ability to learn new things with minimal supervision. Conceptual knowledge to understand and evaluate the software from a userrsquos perspective. Experience in testing OR developing projects in PHP/MYSQL will be an added advantage. Experience in load and performance testing for websites, CSS, JS and other background components using HTML debuggers is an added advantage. Strong understanding of PHP/ MVC along with a well- developed knowledge base of web user- interface technologies, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery along with Firebug for Mozilla Firefox. Understanding of Cross browser testing is an added advantage. Understanding of software development lifecycle and agile development process. Inquisitive mind to uncover, otherwise unnoticed issues in the software. Experience in working with Linux and working knowledge of shell scripting. Ability to learn new things with minimal supervision Conceptual knowledge to understand and evaluate the software from a userrsquos perspective Experience in test automation - test scripting, execution and scheduling. Strong Team Player and self- learner Positive Attitude, openness, flexibility and clear thought process Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills website backend mca software development quality assurance php linux module ug javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WisdmLabs WisdmLabs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details