TITLE: AMC Sales Specialist

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job profile: Primary Job profile is to generate sales in AMCs through self effort and achieve sales targets. To understand the customer needs & take the lead in designing solutions to ensure sales closure. To Liaison with the principal vendors in designing the solutions and its commercials. To negotiate with the principals and distributors on additional discounts and payment terms on the transaction. To regularly follow up with back office team on order status and helping them in executing the order. To ensure collection of payment due. Update all the opportunity , activity and closure of opportunity on regular basis of self on sales automation tool. Key Skill required: Dynamic , self-motivated professional willing to perform in challenging environment with good communication and interpersonal skills and flair for Selling AMC Services. The executive should have good grasping power & willing to work in the field. Key Result Area: Achieve Sales target numbers. Profitability targets. Customer Satisfaction metrics. Customer retention metrics Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills selling amc customer retention amcs metrics solutions designing good grasping power distributors sales automation tool Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Swan Solutions & Services Pvt. Ltd. Swan is a professionally managed company with a qualified management and technical team providing end-to-end Information Technology solutions for medium and large business enterprises. Over two decades, we have built a loyal client base that relies on us for providing and managing their information technology solutions. Associating with the best in IT majors in India and abroad; we strive to bring the best-of-breed solutions that meet the immediate and future needs of our clients. At Swan, our mantra to build customer loyalty is through timely and efficient service. Understanding the demands of the corporate world and our ever-ready attitude has won us many prestigious projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details