TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Preferably having 3 Year in Sales & Marketing Experience in IT Website Development/ Software Industries. Candidates having Team Leading Experience would be an added advantage as Profile includes handling a team of BDE . Identify and meet potential client for B2B vertical through various medium Telephonic, Chat, Social Networking Website, Bidding Website, etc. Candidate having strong Project Management & other documentation skill sets would be Preferred. Analyze the demographic & personal details of the clients. Analyze & develop the business strategies for Website Development & Mobile Application services. Develop & Coordinate Sales Selling Cycle & Methodology. Analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of Sales, Methods, Costs & Results. Analyze Human Resource strategies in responding to new projects. Need to form strategy on the basis of Company\'s Goal & to achieve that. Desired Candidate Profile: Good hands on 3Year International/Offshore Sales experience in Website/Mobile Application Development Company. Should have Team Leading experience specially in Business Development profile like BDE, Lead Generators, etc. Good Verbal & Written English Communication Skill. Strong Co-ordination Skill. Strong Sales Record Result oriented attitude Must be Confident, Motivated and should have good networking skills Promote positive relations with clients. Can have attitude to over achieve the given targets. Additional Required Details: Provide leadership and management to multiple development teams and projects. Consult with customers to understand and analyze operational procedures and information generation or utilization needs, as well as the project requirements and scope including the risk, time, and cost . Technical Project Management experience in technologies such as .NET, PHP, Mobile Applications (Iphone & Android (yet to come)), Open Source. Communicating effectively in writing and preparing project development documents. Created and owned overall technical/project documents . Develop the project plan including the resource, skill and skill level requirements Develop procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures Develop review schedules and acceptance criteria at each phase of the project Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills selling human resource bidding project management generators documentation website english handling offshore Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism more than 15000 hours of work experience in IT Recruitment & still counting....More than 30% Selection Ratio thereby reducing the HR Time & Efforts. Optimum Satisfaction for Each Selected Candidate. To work in close coordination with each & every clients for their Executive Search & Consulting requirements. To provide value added services apart from the normal requirements for each assignments. To execute each and every assignment with utmost Trust & Integrity. To adhere to follow & maintain the Strict norms of the client & their code of ethics. To thoroughly crosscheck the short listed candidates profile before they appear for interview. To act as an Internal HR of the Company rather than considered as Placement Agency. To serve each Candidate & Client with utmost respect, honesty & Professionalism. To provide the guarantee of each & every selected candidate as per the Service Agreement We believe in Commitment to quality in Each and Every element of the Search : Our People, Our Process, Professional Practices and Personalized network of Proven & Emerging Talent. We believe in result oriented Professionalism, Direct Communication and fleet footed through a relationship based Trust & Professional practices. We recognize that our success depends entirely on how hell we serve our clients and nothing else take precedence over our Commitment to provide Proactive, Timely & Professional Services; and stand ready to make informed decisions in the Best Interest of our existence and the well being for the nation.. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details