TITLE: Quality Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Eligibility / Skills - Proficient in managing process operations & developing procedures. - Expertise in Quality Monitoring and Call identifying defects. - Proficient in excel and different quality tools. - An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills; strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. Responsibilities - Train the available resources to manage and maintain quality. - Conduct and participate in meetings to improve quality and Compliance. - Constantly evaluate, assesses and manage the development of all team members. - Periodic performance reviews with Team Leaders and Operation Manager. - Mentor, Coach and Motivate the team members towards high productivity, performance and customer satisfaction. Interested candidates can walk in for the interview from Monday to Friday between 10 am - 5 pm Just Dial Ltd, 2nd floor, B wing, Palm Court, Next to Infinity 2, Link Road, Malad West, Mumbai Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills Monitoring Coaching excel yellow belt Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Just Dial Justdial Ltd is India\'s No.1 Local Search Engine Company. Its offices are present in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Ahmedabad, Coimbatore, Jaipur and Chandigarh. The company has employee strength of approximately 8000 employees. The company offers its services all over India and the USA and has it\'s presence on Phone, Web, WAP, SMS and Mobile. The company provides a good work environment with immense growth opportunities. It also offers benefits like Gratuity, Mediclaim, ESIC etc. For more information about the company you can visit the \'About Us\' page of this website Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details