TITLE: Senior Engineer/ Assistant Manager - Quantity Survey & Billing

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Candidate Profile : Candidate should be in BE / B Tech with 04 +Years Experience or Diploma with 6 +years of experience in Quantity Â Survey & Billing and site Execution activities Preferably work with highrise building. *Knowledge of IS standards for billing *Material reconciliation, Material Monitoring & Material planning * Bill Scrutiny and Bill ERP Entry: Timely completion of the Bill certification process. *Estimation and Rate analysis: Readily available information wrt costing and rate analysis of any project related activities. *Work Request/Amendment request: Proactive alert in amendment wrt work order and new work request as per project schedule. *Project Schedule : Periodic Schedule view *Minor Drawing in Auto Cad : as per project requirement Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills Real Estate and Property Construction Supervision inspection audits Quantity Surveying Billing Estimation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Civil, Civil Company Profile: Shashwati Realty Pvt. Ltd. Pashmina Developers' We conceive, build and deliver residential, commercial and retail real estate properties with a signature touch. Every apartment, row house, villa, commercial and retail property of Pashmina carries a signature touch by combining unique design aesthetics with state-of- the-art construction techniques. Quality of an organization is a reflection of the quality of its management. Today the Pashmina Group has a dedicated and experienced team employed in its diverse community, led by the visionaries who are designing the group's growth. The promoters of Pashmina have been organization-builders in India who have made an indelible mark in the corporate world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details