TITLE: Application Engineer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Conduct product trials to establish the product at customers place. Customer potential mapping for present products and opportunities for new business. Conducting training at end user and supporting users in addressing Metallurgical application issues. Map and evaluate customer potential for present products and opportunities for new business. Initiate and monitor information collection from the market. Present recommendations based on the available data. Conduct product trials to establish the product at customers place. Desirable : A Metallurgist having experience to work in Marketing of Ferro Alloys, Innoculant & cored wire or exposed to application engineering Or Candidates having exposure to work in production or Quality in Manufacturing of ferrous or non ferrous, Casting & Steel willing to switch over to application engineering are desirable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills Application Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Minex Metallurgical Company Ltd Minex has been at the helm of the alloying industry, providing total alloying solutions to the Iron & Steel, Aluminium, Welding and other non-ferrous industries. Our state-of-the-art technology in the field of speciality alloys, cored wire and wire injection systems is proving to be a benchmark for the industry.Continuous innovation, sustained by the dedication of its employees, coupled with a judicial use of technology has ensured that Minex continues to be a leader in the markets it has chosen to be in.Most of our products have been introduced in India for the first time with advanced technical know-how. Incorporated in 1981, today our organization covers a large clientele across India and an export network to over 12 countries. We have three manufacturing units in Central India situated near the city of Nagpur. All these manufacturing is backed by a Quality Management Systems certified to ISO 9001:2008, ISO:14001:2004, ISO:18001:2007 OHSAS standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details