TITLE: Asst Engineer/Engineer/Sr. Engineer /Manager

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ability to clearly understand the scope of the project and understand customer requirement. Flexible enough to execute the projects throughout India. Source new vendors for supply of raw materials / software required for the project. R & D of various applications. Identify new areas of application development through market research. DESIRED PROFILE Relevant experience in thefield of automation products like drives, controllers, Sensors, Motors, Switchgear etc. Strong Mathematical Orientation Familiarity with Computer Aided analytical tools. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Deep knowledge of the motion control market. Willing to travel all over India and overseas. Willing to serve at any our branches in India viz Delhi, Mumbai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Chennai or Bangalore. Good leadership skills. Self driven with "Can do attitude". Proficient in PLC programming. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills market research travel automation switchgear motors drives analytical sensors application development plc programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Strategi Automation Solutions Pvt.Ltd. Strategi Automation Solutions Pvt. Ltd. strives to be the foremost provider of solutions in Factory Automation with an emphasis on Motion Control. We will delight our customers with economical, reliable and high performance Factory Automation equipment and Motion Control Products in speedy delivery times. We will continually discover ways to improve our processes to achieve customer delight. Vision Statement To be the foremost motion control solution provider in India. Company Philosophy To provide the customer with products and services of the highest value. We manufacture custom built factory automation equipment and we distribute Motion Control Products of some of the best names in the world. Our engineers have a deep understanding of the customers application requirements and we speedily respond to their needs. We have three different divisions namely MCPD (Motion Control Products Division) FAD (Factory Automation Division) SCADA (Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition) At Strategi, our core values are ethical profits through personal integrity and social responsibility. We delight our customers through our most valuable resource; Our People. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details