TITLE: CB - UAT Specialist - Team Leader

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $1.1 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking; financial services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. Under the JPMorgan, Chase and Bank One brands, the firm serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. If you're interested in working in an environment where leadership, excellence, integrity and diversity are among our core principles, and then explore the opportunities at JPMorgan Chase. Further information about careers at JPMorgan Chase can be found on our website: http://www.jpmorganchase.com/ . The Commercial Banking (CB) DNA Procedures Team supports Commercial Banking through the end-to-end management of online procedure libraries. This includes initial library creation, publishing, ongoing maintenance, procedural communications, and managing the annual review and attestation of procedural and supporting documentation. The Operations Team Leader in Bengaluru will be primarily responsible for managing a team of Specialists that perform tasks that support the development and ongoing maintenance of procedure libraries. In addition to team management, the Operations Team Leader is also the primary point of contact for a defined set of libraries associated with teams located in Bengaluru. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills operations financial services wealth management development team management project management publishing investment banking assets documentation Desired Candidate Profile Business as Usual (BAU) Library Support Support the technical editing process through the proofreading and editing of content prior to publication as needed. The Ops Team Leader in Bengaluru is specifically assigned to support the libraries for following groups who are primarily located in Bengaluru: WLO Borrower in Custody, WLO Franchise Finance and WLO Bengaluru Operations. Business as Usual (BAU) library management includes the ability to: Manage a queue of ongoing BAU change requests received from business partners for updates to a defined set of published documents. Must be able to perform the following editing and publishing tasks (often directly in RoboHelp software): Apply style standards and utilize project processes and templates. Translate procedures from passive voice prose to active voice, using numbered lists and if-then tables as appropriate. Identify keywords to enhance search results. Incorporate reviewers' edits and answers, and finalize documents for publication. Conduct time-sensitive quality-assurance checks for team members. Assist with posting supporting documentation and generating updates in defined publishing application. Update SharePoint list items to help track the workflow of new library development and business as usual procedure changes. Manage the annual attestation process for a defined set of published documents. Includes annual review schedule management and completing related change requests. Provide any information necessary to support communications related to procedural changes. General Technical Editing and Infrastructure Support Manage a team of specialists responsible for tasks that support the development and ongoing maintenance of procedure libraries, including: Completion of all assigned publishing activities, including generating, publishing and version archive activities Completion of work associated with change requests (CRs) or attestation reviews that is decisioned as Approved No Changes date changes in Update History and Banner Completion of work associated with change requests (CRs) or attestation reviews that is decisioned as Archive date changes in Update History and Banner Assisting with the importing and general formatting of new documents in RoboHelp (RH) Completion of work as assigned by domestic team members as deemed appropriate based on knowledge and skill. Qualifications: Mastery of Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) Intermediate to expert knowledge of SharePoint. Working knowledge of Adobe RoboHelp. Practical experience with technical/procedural writing and editing Superior communication and writing skills Excellent organizational and time management skills. MUST be able to prioritize work loads, multitask, and react quickly to consistently changing business expectations. Excellent interpersonal skills, team player, with an ability to build effective relationships at all levels of the organization. Knowledge/experience within Banking and Financial Services operations a plus End-to-end project management minimum 3 years experience beneficial Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details