TITLE: Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION: Are you a sales professional looking to make a significant impact in the Cloud space with a leading Cloud Solution Provider? Cloud Solution Providers are changing the technology landscape, and we anticipate a massive surge in demand for Cloud based services in the coming years. We seek a dynamic Inside Sales Associates as we attack this greenfield opportunity with our market-leading Cloud and IT Infrastructure Solutions. Roles and responsibilities: New technology (Cloud and Infrastructure Management Services) sales across India Market. Source new sales opportunities through inbound lead follow-up and outbound cold calls and emails. Developing a sales and marketing strategy and plan to generate business leads through tele-calling and email campaigns. Understand customer needs and requirements and capture customer information (both infrastructure and contact information). Generating business leads and manage the leadrsquos life cycle including qualifying the lead, understanding the prospectrsquos current business and suggesting appropriate solution. Creating and managing the current database and building relationships with prospects customers. Identifying ways to cross sell and up-sell to existing clients. Maintain and expand your database of prospects within your assigned territory. Generating additional leads from existing clients by way of customer referrals. Team with channel partners to build pipeline and close deals. Required Skills: Minimum 1-2 years of professional experience in high performance sales environment; Cloud, Storage and IT Infrastructure industry experienced highly preferred Proven inside sales experience Outstanding communication (written & verbal) and interpersonal skills Self-driven, motivated and ability to learn quickly Strong phone presence and experience dialing dozens of calls per day Should have very good MS word, excel and PowerPoint skills. Expert in the industry who understands and influences the marketplace. Should have a track record of performance excellence in meeting targets and objectives. Related Bachelorrsquos degree, MBA preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mba outbound channel partners inbound marketing strategy email infrastructure management pipeline life cycle it infrastructure Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bluefin Bluefin Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details