TITLE: Software Engineer (Desktop Application)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this andidate Applying should have: Work experience of 1- 3 years Strong hands-on experience with n-tier architecture, C#, .Net Framework 3.5 & above, Visual Studio 2010 / 2012 A deep understanding of Microsoft .NET technologies, architecture, configuration, deployment, and performance. Understan ding of WF,WPF a plus Plan, review, and perform analysis, coding, testing and implementation of software systems Strong knowledge of MSSQL and MySQL Strong application coding skills Analytical skills with regards to addressing user issues and finding optimal solutions. Knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile Methodology. Desired Skills & Experience: Good communication with inter-personal skills. Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Should be able to manage the tasks independently or in team. Co-ordination with QA team, Support team (& End Users, if required). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer (Desktop Application) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: B2 Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. We don\'t have a magic wand to make buildings taller or make castles disappear and we do not create elaborate illusions. Our approach is simple and honest. We deliver the most reliable online and digital solutions to our clients, which are aimed at providing utmost convenience in operation and target long term growth of their business. Our journey has been short and fun, filled with challenges and opportunities with which we kept filling our backpacks. As we move ahead, wed love to make our bags heavier and make new partners to share the fun. We always work towards making every moment of the journey worthwhile and make the partnerships grow stronger. A promise of lasting allegiance is what we offer; a vote of trust is what we ask for in return. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details