TITLE: Territory Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB PURPOSE The business to business sales professional should be able to prospect target account for new business, maintain an existing territory of business as well as establish and work with partners. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Promoting the need for Pearson Print learning solutions for HE Institutions. Handling issues of change management in evolving education markets. Competently resolving issues relating to technology and the works. Positioning the digital proposition as a pedagogy catering to visual, auditory, kinaesthetic learning requirements. Being the SPOC for the territory on all queries related to Pearson digital learning solutions. Overall ownership adoption and will carry the primary responsibilities for digital products in the region. 100% retention of existing Institutions. Customer Satisfaction and reviews. No of promotion seminars and service workshops conducted. Enhancing usage through trainings etc. for institutions subscribing to digital product services. Usage of deployed products at individual Institutions. Interested candidates can mail their resume to sakshi.grover@pearson.com or call at 9654911642 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCEGraduate / MBA in Sales & Marketing.1-3 years work experience in the Education sector, or sales experience / sale concept in catering to education sector preferably Print sales. Good communication and presentation skills.Self-motivation and ability to work with minimal supervision.Initiative, resourcefulness and attention to detail.Good negotiation skills. Company Profile: Pearson Education Services Pvt Ltd ABOUT US Pearson Education is an integrated educational services company providing high quality content, Technology and services to schools, colleges and professional training organizations across the subcontinent. It covers 10,000 of the top schools in the country, providing textbooks, digital content, teacher training and Assessments and International Qualification. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details