TITLE: Dot Net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be working closely together with our designers and engineers to design and build a compelling product and implementing exciting new features that use ground breaking technologies for mobile. Work with partners to define product scope, lead product development, testing and deployment. Troubleshoot technical issues and work with internal technical teams on resolving those issues. Identify opportunities to bring optimal, engaging, user friendly and low cost experiences to the users. Exposure to complete Software Development Life Cycle and familiarity to working in a professional environment that is highly agile with a great degree of emphasis on Quality Design & coding of web based Application, re-usable components, and implement design patterns in applications and Application Deployment into servers. Working with SQL Query/Jobs/Reports/design and optimize SQL Server 2008 stored procedures. To develop and maintain internal web applications and reporting systems with exposure to Web services and mobile development preferred Application development, and web server administration to develop multi-tier web applications, design, develop and maintain server infrastructure, and web related database systems. Experience in understanding large and complex code bases, including API design techniques. Review and provide constructive feedback on software requirements, design, architecture and test case documentation to other members of the product management, engineering and QA teams review and provide constructive feedback to code developed by other members of the engineering team. What It Takes: Ability to design and develop .NET softwarersquos according to the trends and needs of the user. 3 years of Experience and knowledge of the .NET 3.5/4.0 Framework, including Visual Studio 2010, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET. Review and provide constructive feedback on software requirements, design, architecture and test case documentation to other members of the product management, engineering and QA teams review and provide constructive feedback to code developed by other members of the engineering team. Expertise in ASMX and WCF Web Services, and ADO.NET. REST Web Services. Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices. Experience in developing services or developing applications built with services oriented architecture (SOA). Experience with JQuery, Json or similar technologies. Should be in B.Tech/BE\MCA / diploma in Computer Science or Electronics. Hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to perform in a challenging environment. Individuality: Flexible, Innovative and Creative with ability to meet deadlines and passion to push the boundaries in all areas. Self-motivated team players able to thrive in a fast paced environment. Multi-tasking abilities to deal with ambiguity and change and able to collaborate actively with others in a cross-functional team. Excellent analytical and communication skills including experience speaking to a technical and business audience. Passionate and intimately knowledgeable about all things on web and mobiles. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql jquery wcf soa mca design patterns product development application development agile coding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnisphyr Mobiquity LLC At Omnisphyr Mobiquity we are inventing Digital Interactions in the Physical world, leveraging the prowess of connected computing everywhere. We want to lead the revolution of new Era of Internet beyond IT (Information Technology) to IIIT i.e., Intelligence, Information and Interaction Technology. We love technology and to create engaging and meaningful experience. Out of ever increasing tools we extend the power of 24/7 computing prowess in everyone\'s pocket by seamless connectivity, Internet of Things to integrate all things digitally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details