TITLE: Full Stack Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Full Stack Developer at Boxmyspace About BoxMySpace BoxMySpace (boxmyspace.com ) is an early stage startup with a very unique concept for urban cities. With the increased urbanisation, there is a big issue ofspace crunch in citieswhereby people have smaller apartments and offices. That's where we come in and we help our customers declutter their home and office space in the most simple and easy way. A one-stop platform for all the urban dweller's storage requirements. We provide storage in two options. a ) By the Box - Customers order for our high quality storage boxes online and we deliever it to them at their doorsteps. Now, all they need to do is pack and store their things in the boxes. We then collect and store it for them safely. Now, anytime they want anyting back from the box, we deliver the boxes back within 24-48 hours. Simple! b ) By the Space - If someone wants a place to store their larger items, we provide space plans of 4ft x 4ft x 4ft and 6ft x 6ft x 6ft. Whatever fits in the space, we collect it from the customer's doorsteps and store it safely. We launched about 3 months back and have received great traction and buzz. Now looking push this to the next level. To do that, we are looking for a highly dedicated developer who can build our systems which can help us scale our operations efficiently. Job Responsibilities Enhance our backend services for seamless customer experience Design and build visual components for data-analytics and reports Add rich features for improving functionality of the system Automate the full workflow from customer ordering to processing Build APIs for integration with our mobile apps Desired Skills and Experience Minimum 2 years of experience Strong knowledge of J2EE and experience with frameworks like Struts, Hibernate, Spring etc Take charge and full ownership of code base Ability to thing out of the box Compensation and other details Compensation will beinline with market standards and perks include regular appraisal based on the performance and team fit. Being one of the early employees in the team, you will have a greater say in shaping the direction of the venture. Tell your friends about this position More positions at Boxmyspace Get email updates for new positions at Boxmyspace Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills operations ckend startup workflow j2ee dedicated options standards hibernate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BoxMySpace BoxMySpace Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details