TITLE: HTML5 Social / Casual Game Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Design & Develop HTML5 Mobile games with the help of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, SVG, XML. Working with our studios, service developers, and functional designers in multidisciplinary teams. Building reliable and efficient code for game projects. Nilee Games also prefer high scoring games. Should understand build milestone process and meet project timeline. Helps drive the delivery of successful, cutting edge products by working on a team with other highly talented Producers, Developers, and Designers. Requirements an online environment, preferably in the gaming industry. Good knowledge of HTML5 and Javascript. Should have worked on atleast one HTML5 game (Not Mandatory ). Good knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, SVG, XML. Ability to develop and deploy HTML5 on iOS and/or Android. Strong attention to detail and knowledge of robust quality assurance practices Strong testing, debugging, and analytical skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML5 Social Casual Game Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nilee Games Nilee Games is a game developer & publisher of Mobile games. Its journey started in year 2011, during the course of time we have learnt a lot and developed tons of games for our clients and partners from Indian & overseas market of all major industries. Nilee Games provide wide range of services in game development having team of qualified experts gaming development, which is a culmination of years of extensive knowledge and experience in all aspects of game development operations. Our main focus is to create games for multiplatform with efficient and cost effective way. Recently, Movie based games took our interest. We already developed movie based game , Darr @ the mall co-production with MSM Motion Pictures and Contiloe Entertainment pvt. Ltd, which is live on Google Play and App Store. and Gang of Ghosts in association with SK Entertainment and VENUS. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details