TITLE: Deputy Manager - Service Recovery

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from HDFC Life !!!!!! What are we looking for ? We are looking out for a Deputy manager -Service Recovery who would be a part of the Customer Relations Department. You would be expected to - To provide resolutions/clarifications for queries/requests/complaints to internal and external customer. To proactively work towards initiatives targeted for reducing repeat complaints and bring down the pending count To provide clear requirements to IT in order to extract requisite complaints data as per requirement from Management and IRDA Monitor and publish crucial complaints reports to management/channel partners and regulator. Train and develop the team members in terms of processes, function, quality standards, product and systems. Update the team members about various inputs, new developments. Need to drive and actively participate in key business initiatives within the team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Std life HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. is one of India's leading private life insurance companies, which offers a range of individual and group insurance solutions. It is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC Ltd.), India's leading housing finance institution and The Standard Life Insurance Company, a leading provider of financial services from the United Kingdom. Both the promoters are well known for their ethical dealings and financial strength and are thus committed to being a long-term player in the life insurance industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details