TITLE: Migration Architect - MM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:Architect and build reusable solution that can be used as a cookie cutter solution to migrate infrastructures (physical and virtual) and application within or across data centers. Build systems or identify and evaluate commercial tool that can automate and reduce significant amount manual effort needed in migration of resources and applications from old to new data centers. Evaluate existing infrastructure and applications and come up with strategy and plan to migrate them as-is (lift and shift) or convert/ modify and migrate to a new datacenter or a virtual environment or private/ public cloud. Gather capacity and performance requirements and validate them with target environment architecture. If needed discuss with Solutions/ Systems Architect for a better design/ solution. Share lessons learned from other migrations, best practices and drive change. Oversee end-to-end migration of infrastructure and application migration from source datacenter to new data center. Remediate the exceptions quickly that arise during migration and enable the migration process to continue without interruptions to business continuity. Should be able to re-architect the applications to best-fit solution before migrating it into the new data center. Create Architecture plans & designs for deploying compute, storage, network & security technologies, data center services based on the inputs from various stake holders such as applications architects, solution designers/ ISV SMEs and Data Center teams. Evaluate and recommend options to migrate large volume of data across data centers. E.g. transferring data over wire using MPLS lines, over the Internet or disk shipping. Perform capacity planning for network, load Analysis and understand IP requirements from ISVs, Developers and other stakeholders. Participate as a member on architecture related discussions to ensure technology decisions best support data center migration business needs. Participate in capacity planning, trend analysis and performance forecasting exercises and propose recommendations to meet ongoing performance and scalability demands. Key Skills:( Architect or architecture ) and ( ldquodata centerrdquo or datacenter ldquodata-centerrdquo or ldquodata centrerdquo or datacentre or ldquodata-centrerdquo ) and ( DNS or NTP or LDAP or AAA or SSL or gateway ) and ( routing or switching or router or switch or VLAN or wireless or voice or SIP or VPN or IPSec ) and ( WAN or MPLS or Quality or Ipv6 ) and ( Network or networking or infrastructure or itil ) and ( Cisco or NEXUS or Catalyst or Citri or NetScaler or F5 or ldquoload balancersrdquo or loadbalancers or ASA or Firewalls or fire ) and ( Virtualization or Virtualisation or Cloud ) and Migration li> ol> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills networking ip mm dns wan network security mpls ldap cisco vpn Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details