TITLE: SAP Basis Offshore Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Tasks and responsibilities Ensure SAP deployment enhances operating systems, networks, telecommunications, or other areas where it is deployed. Evaluate, install, configure, and deploy SAP applications, systems software, products, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the enterprise. Strong communication skills, works in a team environment. Collaborate with analysts, designers, and system owners in the testing of SAP software programs and applications. Contribute technically to team objectives and integrate new technology into the team. Work with Infrastructure and Networking teams to provide support for both current and future SAP landscapes. Required skills, abilities, and certifications Experience with installing, maintaining and administering complete SAP Landscape which include EP, PI, CRM, BW, ECC, GRC and Solution Manager. Experience with SAP JAVA Stack. Collaborate with Functional and Technical Teams. Proficient in troubleshooting and root cause analysis. Experience with installing Support Packs and Enhancement Packs. Experience with STMS configuration. Implement single sign-on (SSO) solution for portal, backend (R/3 and BI) systems, and Business Objects enterprise. Configure and maintain SLD, SOA, XI adapters, and CTS+ for systems based on dual stack. Provide technical administration of multi-landscape environments through client copies, system refreshes of both ABAP and Java stacks, and transport management. Provide direction for the application team in support of SAP operations. Experience with Linux and Windows Operating Systems. Technically fluent with Oracle databases. Experience with Oracle Cluster and SAP HA solution. Must have excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Liaise with network administrators and software engineers to assist with design specifications, program logic, and data conversions. Ability to monitor and manage the progress of tasks. , Experience Range- 5 - Years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills Oracle EP Solution Management SOA Administration Portal SAP Basis Operating Systems Root Cause Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details