TITLE: Overseas Education Counselors

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:z The job suits people who see themselves as people persons, are detail-oriented, who are diligent, prompt and have great communication skills. The job is ideal for those who are passionate about learning and suit people who like high-octane action in a dynamic, friendly & supportive work environment. Roles and responsibilities: Responsible as Educational Counselor for counselling students for universities of Russia,Ukraine,Moldova and Kyrgyzstan. Responsible for understanding the students requirement & providing guidance accordingly. Counseling and converting enquiries into admissions and then to admission process to higher education abroad. Manage Educational Seminars, Presentations,Educational Events. Dealing with clients/students over the telephone or by e-mail in a polite but effective manner. Conducting a detailed profile assessment of a study abroad applicant and accordingly sending him a shortlist of universities where his chances of getting admissions are high. Regular updation of reports. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills Overseas Education Counselors Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RUS EDUCATION INDIA PVT. LTD. RUS EDUCATION is exclusively authorized by Russian Centre for Science and Culture (Cultural Department of The Embassy of Russian Federation in India) to promote Russian Education among Indian citizens.With the experience of 20 years and a team of educational experts from India and Russia, Rus Education has become the leading service provider in the field of providing quality education, commitment of best service and personalized approach to the aspiring students. Rus Education has presence all over the India with 9 offices centrally located at New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bhopal, Chennai, Ahmadabad and Bengaluru, Rrivendrum. Rus Education understands the Education system abroad hence bringing the clear picture of the options available there. We ensure that students apply to the institution that best fits to their profile. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details