TITLE: Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Our Client is a Leading Insurance Broker Company providing right General Insurance Solutions to the Corporates according to thier business and estimate the level of risk exposure before structuring an appropriate general insurance solution.Â Job Description Designation: Â Deputy Manager/ Relationship Manager Corporate Sales (General Insurance) Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Reports to: Â Branch Head Corporate Sales Job Responsibilities: Territory mapping with market segmentation on different Line of Business for corporate sales. Consultative selling to existing as well as prospective corporate clients. Follow up with the corporate clients, with a view of securing mandates. Submitting quotes to corporate clients & converting them into business. Ensuring smooth handover of accounts to operations team. Liaisoning with the operations team for smooth transition of claims management Generate activity and sales reports as per company requirements. Attends sales seminars, sales meetings or educational activities to stay up- to- date on the latest developments, trends, regulations in the market place. Excellent team building & handling skillsÂ Qualifications Graduate / Post Graduate. 2- 7years of General Insurance industry related sales experience. Insurance qualificationssuch as Licentiate/Associate preferable. Knowledge of MS- office suite. Additional Information Candidate should be having a experience in Sales of General Insurance products to the corporates. For Further details contact: I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:General Insurance Role:Sales/Business Development-Manager Keyskills operations accounts general insurance team building seminars cv handling mapping estimate claims management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details