TITLE: Node.js Technical lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this By participating in overall discussions, right from feature conceptualization, architecture and coding to unit testing. By being a role model for our lsquoMobile Firstrsquo strategy; be it development, usability and/or optimization By promoting knowledge sharing and helping the growth of junior developers. By helping us release our product as if you were the most unforgiving end user. 4 years of experience on any of the standard web frameworks. Proficiency in JQuery and JavaScript. At least one year of experience on Node.js. An expert level of knowledge on MYSQL as database and solid understanding of WEB 2.0. Managed and organized multiple priorities and possess strong self management sk Understand and work on Memcache / Redis. Work on mongoDB, SOLR and any other NOSQL solution. Can integrate web and mobile products on responsive designs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Node.js Technical lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dream11 Inc Dream11.com is the world\'s largest Fantasy Cricket & Football Game, with an exponentially growing user base of a million users globally. We are committed to helping sports fans enjoy their game even more by providing the best, most trusted, customer-focused fantasy sports experience.Dream11.com was launched in May 2009 as the World\'s 1st Graphical Fantasy Cricket Game; we started our freemium model in 2012. Dream11.com has been nominated for the \'Best Online Game\' by FICCI BAF and as the \'World"s Best New Website\' across all sports by FSTA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) in USA. Dream11.com is also the winner of the prestigious Red Herring Global Top 100 Award, given to the top 100 start-ups worldwide and is the only Indian member of the FSTA.Dream11.com has also launched Fantasy Football beginning with the Brazil World Cup 2014! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details