TITLE: Product Support Manager- POS

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Internal Designation Sr Manager/Asst Vice President BU Name Merchant Services - LCDB Location Mumbai , Pune , Ahmedabad, Chennai , Hyderabad, Banglore , Delhi , Chandigarh , Jaipur , Kolkata , Lucknow Responsibilities Work closely with relationship teams like Branch banking, IFI ,MNC, CF etc on daily basis for acquisition of new merchants. Identify and create new channels for POS merchant acquisition. Support incremental liability generation through POS linked current accounts. Engage with existing merchants for activation of relationship, higher penetration in business volume & liability generation. Provide inputs to process team with clear deviation and delegation matrices, exception management and other requirements of the sales team. Work closely with partners/ vendors for installation and servicing of POS machines at merchant counters. Identify opportunities in market for business expansion. Take help of relationship teams to on-board identified opportunities as our merchants. Work closely with Reginal Sales head to plan and execute incentive program for channel and merchant engagement. Visit key merchants to build long term relationship, to understand service delivery and satisfaction level with our services. Plug GAPS if any to improve the offering on all fronts. Work closely with product and portfolio managers to enhance portfolio value & profitability. Essential competencies Ability to communicate with stakeholders with ease. Ability to win trust and confidence of individuals and team Ability to secure coommitment , co-operation and performance from indivudals,teams and Partner Ability to build relationship with internal as well as external stakeholder Ability to negotiate with internal as well as external stakeholder Ability to drive channels Qualifications and Experience Background Minimum qualification of graduation Experience - 3 yrs & Above ( Preferabley from Financial Services & Merchant Services ) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Internal Designation Sr Manager/Asst Vice PresidentBU Name Merchant Services - LCDBLocation Mumbai , Pune , Ahmedabad, Chennai , Hyderabad, Banglore , Delhi , Chandigarh , Jaipur , Kolkata , LucknowResponsibilities Work closely with relationship teams like Branch banking, IFI ,MNC, CF etc on daily basis for acquisition of new merchants. Identify and create new channels for POS merchant acquisition. Support incremental liability generation through POS linked current accounts. Engage with existing merchants for activation of relationship, higher penetration in business volume & liability generation. Provide inputs to process team with clear deviation and delegation matrices, exception management and other requirements of the sales team. Work closely with partners/ vendors for installation and servicing of POS machines at merchant counters. Identify opportunities in market for business expansion. Take help of relationship teams to on-board identified opportunities as our merchants. Work closely with Reginal Sales head to plan and execute incentive program for channel and merchant engagement. Visit key merchants to build long term relationship, to understand service delivery and satisfaction level with our services. Plug GAPS if any to improve the offering on all fronts. Work closely with product and portfolio managers to enhance portfolio value & profitability.Essential competencies Ability to communicate with stakeholders with ease. Ability to win trust and confidence of individuals and team Ability to secure coommitment , co-operation and performance from indivudals,teams and Partner Ability to build relationship with internal as well as external stakeholder Ability to negotiate with internal as well as external stakeholder Ability to drive channelsQualifications and Experience Background Minimum qualification of graduation Experience - 3 yrs & Above ( Preferabley from Financial Services & Merchant Services ) Company Profile: Yes Bank Ltd Yes Bank Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details