TITLE: Admin / Telecaller / Counselor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. is a teamwork of all its franchisee partners who are obsessed with the company's mission to create a society where English speaking capability can be harnessed by each and every individual to increase his/her potential to succeed in their professional and personal life. We seek to liberate the person from his inability to communicate in the corporate language of India, which is English. We believe everybody has a right to his/her share of success and lack of spoken English capability cannot be a hindrance to a man/woman's capability to achieve it.Â Speakwell was established in 2006 as a spoken English Training Company with its first center in Mumbai. Over the years it has grown into a complete career solution company with a vast network of centers across India. It has more than 100 centers spread across Maharashtra, Gujarat, U.P., H.P. & Kerala.Â Apart from Spoken English, the company has diversified into job oriented training in sectors like BPO, Retail, Hospitality, etc.Â Job Description Handling enquiries and converting them to admissions. Achievement of the centre target and the individual targets. Handling Telephonic enquiries and converting them into walkins Make calls on various data for generating walkins Doing follow- ups to the enquiries for admissions. Outstanding recovery from students as per the due date. Handling enquiries and converting them to admissions. Achievement of the centre target and the individual targets. Handling Telephonic enquiries and converting them into walkins Make calls on various data for generating walkins Doing follow- ups to the enquiries for admissions. Outstanding recovery from students as per the due date. Salary: INR 1, 00, 000 - 1, 50, 000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category: Teachers Role: Counselor Qualifications Good Communication Skills & Presentable. Preferred Sales Experience Target Oriented Additional Information Urgent requirement at Borivali- west / Lower Parel / Curry Road / Bhayender. Interested candidates can contact HR Dhwani - 9029778662. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Counselor Keyskills bpo hospitality counselling handling spoken converting follow ups company admissions training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd Speakwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details