TITLE: Tele- Marketing Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description I take privilege to introduce the Tarang Exports (P) Ltd and Tarang Agrro Industries Pvt Ltd as sister concerns.Â Tarang Exports (P) Ltd. prides itself as one of the leaders in the diverse arrays of products in the industry including Agro- Based Products, Engineering Items and various other industrial and FMCG products. Tarang Agrro Industries Pvt Ltd launching online Travel Portal as This room.com which is owned by a Singapore Multinational. it will open to the Indian Market in June 2015. You can visit following website for your reference: http: // Job Description 1. Identify opportunities, produce leads and book appointments forÂ the sales force with the emphasis on high quality leads. 2. Develop creative pitches and propositions aimed at BitumenÂ industry sectors 3. Proactively follow up leads generated from canvassing by theÂ Sales managers. 4. Use of initiative to identify and follow up opportunities withÂ companies, Customers who are not Â in the database 5. Manage the database to a high degree of accuracy to ensureÂ targeted marketing activity can take place to generate newÂ business 6. Work closely with the marketing team to achieve salesÂ objectives 7. Negotiate commercial terms within set guidelines 9. Liaise effectively with all departments Â to ensureÂ customer requirements are met. 10. Contribute to the team performance by sharing andÂ implementing BestÂ Practice Â Ideas. Qualifications Any Graduate Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills fmcg website portal bitumen html http com follow up Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TARANG AGRRO INDUSTRIES PVT LTD TARANG AGRRO INDUSTRIES PVT LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details