TITLE: Area Head- Corporate

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Our client is the India's leading General Â insurance services firm providing advice and solutions in the areas of risk & strategy. Job Description Designation: Area Manager- Corporate. Reporting To: Â Regional Manager. Location: Mumbai. Work Profile: Objective: Â To develop Broker and Corporate Clients relationships and business in the zone and other functions allotted by the AM. Â Responsibility: Financials To achieve budgeted GWP, portfolio mix and budgeted loss ratios People To work effectively in a cross functional environment including constructive engagement with corporate office level function heads Process To develop / implement a robust process which would include: No. of relationships to be handled including budgeted visit plan each month Implement agreed SLAs for sending quotations, answering queries from customers etc. To generate MIS for the Sales Team. Training Constantly update knowledge about company products & processes; to demonstrate to the seniors on progress in technical skills of self. 4 . People Management- To appraise Business Development Managers & provide feedback for necessary development. Ensure high level of employee engagement & focus on goals. To access training needs of the Business Development Managers & recommend the same for training programs. Desired Candidate Profile: Â Graduate/ Post Graduate. Minimum 5 years of work experience into General Insurance (Corporate Business Development) . Team management skills. Â Other Requirements: Â Excellent Communication. Presentable. Relationship skills necessary to manage inter- departmental interactions. Should be proactive and should have ability to think through. Â Additional Information Salary: Our Client clearly understands & values the worth of an eligible candidate for this position. Therefore salary will not be a constraint for the right candidate.Â I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:General Insurance Role:Sales/Business Development-Manager Keyskills general insurance mis proactive inter employee engagement business development managers functions corporate be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD RIGHTMATCH HR SERVICES PVT. LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details