TITLE: Finance (Accounts Manager)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop processes and business partner relationships with internal and external groups that will improve the flow of financial information within the company. Contribute ideas to improve business plans, optimise performance and value creation. Own the development and management of the financial plan including revenue and expense forecast. Ensure compliance with general accounting principles with internal control procedures providing data as needed for the preparation of various tax filings. Responsible for the month end closing to ensure timely reporting in accordance with corporate time table. Review and analyse the financial results including variance reporting against budgets and prior year performance. Prepare segmentrsquos annual P&L with corresponding forecast throughout the year, creating ad hoc analysis and ongoing strategic feedback highlighting issues and exposure areas. Facilitate business growth and provide proactive financial guidance with strategic business partnership. Ensure we have a compelling business plan in place, track progress against the plan with timely and accurate analysis, identify and implement ideas to improve the plan and drive business performance, ensuring the flow of information. Innovative and decisive leader with a proven track record of accomplishment in fast growing environment. Strong cross functional collaboration, with good communication and analytical skills. Demonstrate excellent leadership and management capabilities. In-depth knowledge of financial planning, financial statements, accounting, and internal controls. Knowledgeable with inventory accounting and be collaborative, resourceful and efficient Excellent attention to details with high level of knowledge into current accounting principles. Minimum 4 years of relevant experience into accounting or finance profession Understanding of GAAP and CFA preferred Excellent and objective judgment with ethical standards Proficiency in written , oral and presentation Good analytical skills with excellent eye for details Organised and thorough with desire for continuous improvement Collaborative, Flexible and resourceful Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-CFO/Financial Controller Keyskills development financial planning proactive ideas taxation standards variance general accounting procedures financial statements Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnisphyr Mobiquity LLC At Omnisphyr Mobiquity we are inventing Digital Interactions in the Physical world, leveraging the prowess of connected computing everywhere. We want to lead the revolution of new Era of Internet beyond IT (Information Technology) to IIIT i.e., Intelligence, Information and Interaction Technology. We love technology and to create engaging and meaningful experience. Out of ever increasing tools we extend the power of 24/7 computing prowess in everyone\'s pocket by seamless connectivity, Internet of Things to integrate all things digitally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details