TITLE: CIVIL ENGINEER - TENDERING

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities: To work within the Advance Engineering Group & with the Company Management Team to develop an order winning strategy. To manage the preparation of proposals for a project by co-coordinating the activities of the Directors, CTO & Engineering teams. Estimating & Costing of Tenders for Road/Highway project. Travel to various sites when require. Examine commercial sections of bid documents & prepare financial response for submission to client. Preparing proposal for tenders. Follow up for payment. Personal characteristics: Should be a Civil engineer with at least 4 years experience in Road/Highway project. Should have excellent knowledge in Tendering. Preparation & submission of Bank guarantees. Getting back the bank guarantees once job is finished & rate analysis Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Fresher Keyskills CIVIL ENGINEER - TENDERING Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited Innovation Technology Enzyme Company of India Private Limited (IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTM) is an Indian company conducting ecologicalinfrastructure projects and enabling building materials production based on ZymTecTMsoil stabilization technology, provided by iTecÂ­W.IÂ­TecÂ­IndiaTMis an associated enterprise of the Israeli company IÂ­TecÂ­W Ltd, a global company that operates in the fields ofsoil stabilization, ecological road infrastructure, and manufacturing of ecological building materials.In addition the technology is applied in the concrete industry as a cement substitute, facilitating a saving of up to 60% of the cementcontent in the concrete mix. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details