TITLE: that you are applying for

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Code SAIPL_PS_WEST_12_2010 Positions 02 Job Title Pre Sales Manager / Engineer | IBMS, Life Safety Security Job Location Mumbai. Office is very well connected by Road and Rail. Office is Situated in Mahim (West) and is easily accessible to All Parts of the City Job Grade Manager / Engineer Reporting to Sales Manager Regional Sales Manager (West) Job Function Design, Engineering, Quantification, Budgeting Estimation till the Stages of Final Tendering will be your Core Responsibility. Creating a Technical Submittal Deck, Proposal Deck and Working towards Customizing the Requirements of the Customer , Consultants Architects from the Drawing board Stages will also be a part of the Profile. Job Qualification Experience of Minimum 3 Years required in the IBMS, Life Safety Security Industry. You must have a good Knowledge of the Market, the Technology and should have a Technical Flare for learning New Things. Energy and Passion will play a Very Important Role in your Career Growth Strategy in this Position. Edu Qualification BE (Any Domain). Job Perks SPPP 2.0 (Secutech People Practice Policy) is the Best in Class Employee Policy Manual Committed to Provide you the Best In Class Privileges keeping in Mind an o * Employee First * Culture. Career Growth Options of Becoming Sales Manager for a Specific Market Vertical / Sales Manager for a Specific Domain are the Career Path Options for you to Enter Main Stream Sales / Options in Project Management could also be Explored as Lateral Movements over a Period of Time. Secutech Runs Non-Profit "Safe School" Campaign Worried about the Safety of our Children in the School and the Sc Repeat Orders Pour in at Secutech!! Like they say, the Proof of the Pudding is in Tasting it, similar Secutech Certified for ISO 9001:2008 Secutech has Quality as an Embedded Gene in our DNA. Our Objectiv Secutech Adopts the Niagara Framework Secutech is known to be an Adopter of Open Future Proof Tec Secutech is Proud to be .INdian As an Indian Company we are proud of our Heritage, Culture ONGC ICT Project Awarded to Secutech Secutech, the Leading Master Systems Integrator (MSI) in the Inte (required)(Please enter Job Title that you are applying for, continuing with city name .) Secutech, the Leading Master Systems Integrator (MSI) in "International Leasing Giant RentWorks has enter Success! Your Email has been sent. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills customer service pre sales operations accounts healthcare tendering pharmaceutical hospitality networking automation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Secutech Automation (India) Pvt Ltd Secutech Automation (India) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details