TITLE: Sr. Executive / Asst Manager - Marketing - MM

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:The shortlisted candidate will be incharge for the entire Structural group and assist in increasing structural sale. Should have sound knowledge of steel products, its specifications and the plant process. Responsible for arrangement of Architect Meet across PAN India level. Sound knowledge of end user application of the product and its various customers. Should have pleasant personality, good communication and co-ordination skills, an effective team playing skills. Should have strong market network in respective region. Possess skill to collect market information from various sources for making use in sales of existing product. Candidate from Jindal steels & Power Pvt Ltd is preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mm end user co ordination communication skill sale asst manager good communication be process executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd Services Provided: Recruitment, Staffing and Training. > 20 years of providing Manpower Solutions. > Head Quartered at Kolkata with a Pan India presence with 7 offices (3 offices at Kolkata, 1 each at Pune, Hyderabad, Bhubaneshwar and Bangalore.) > Catering to multiple Verticals such as IT, ITES, BFSI, Telecom, Healthcare, Manufacturing, FMCG, Retail, Pharma and many more. > Now venturing into the foray of Skill Development with its recent partnership with NSDC. > Providing services such as Campus Recruitment, Turnkey Hiring, Bulk Recruitment, RPO Solutions, International Placements etc. > Extending contractual manpower solutions with its Staffing Brand "TEMP FORCE". > Successfully placed over 60,000 professionals till date with 5000 in the last financial year itself. > Boasting of 250 seasoned recruiters with domain specialization delivering year on year. > Dedicated teams for Entry level to Top Leadership Hiring. > Bridging the demand & supply gap of ready workforce with Talent Creation via its training wing "JobsAcademy". Specialties Recruitment, Staffing, Temping, Training, Skill Development, RPO, Contract Staffing, Managed Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details