TITLE: Software Engineer Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra Sr. Software Engineer - Java/APEX Sr. Software Engineer - Java/APEX CRM - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra Description: We are looking for skilled Salesforce developers with extensive APEX coding experience to join and co- lead our Salesforce Coding Team. Very strong JAVA coding experience will be accepted in place of more extensive Salesforce experience. Candidates without the requisite coding experience or who are not committed to being Salesforce experts should not apply. This is an exciting opportunity to participate in the architecture of our vastly growing Salesforce implementation within our fast growing company as we increasingly rely on Salesforce. Our entire Salesforce team is energetic and looking to improve their skills every day as Salesforce grows to touch every part of our business. Responsibilities Serve as Subject Matter Expert of the development team Design and architect code that meets the specified business use case Perform QA testing Establish Integrations with various partners through a variety of methods Write Documentation on all code produced Architect the solution and advise on most efficient deployment approach Promote Salesforce first mentality Qualifications: 4- 6 Years of experience and proven skills in OOP languages (c#/JAVA/Etc.) Strong SOQL expereince Good understanding of salesforce data model. Knowing how and when to create new objects like Custom, Junction or others Experience with Restful APIs and Oauth is necessary 1pm- 10pm IST Technologies Other Skills Java/APEX- Minimum 4- 6 years of exp. Working on Java applications, good grasp of the language and basic Object Orientation concepts : Abstraction, Program to Interface, Polymorphism and Inheritance. Understanding of Java Threading model required. Good understanding of Java Map collection. Extensive implementation experience and domain knowledge in multiple CRM subject areas such as Salesforce sales, marketing applications and the Salesforce service application. Expertise in application development on Force.com Platform using visulforce , apex and triggers. Advanced Salesforce certifications will receive preference Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience OR A bachelors degree in a technical discipline . Excellent written and verbal communication skills Having positive attitude. Passion for development Demonstrated expert knowledge in Java and at least one Java framework Ability to express complex technical concepts effectively, both verbally and in writing. Apply for this Position Desired Pay Website, Blog, or Portfolio LinkedIn Profile URL The following three questions are entirely optional. To comply with government Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but NOT requiring) that you enter this personal data. This information will be used solely for government reporting purposes, and will not be used as selection criteria. Your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. Your application was submitted successfully. Link to this job Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra How can we help you? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java development crm application development co service documentation oop salesforce triggers Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: In2M Technologies Pvt Ltd In2M Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details