TITLE: Sr. Executive / Asst. Manager - Pre Sales (AV Solutions)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile Key Responsibilities 1. Technical support to sales team to achieve business objectives 2. Proof Of Concepts and developing technical solution and specifications of AV and VC projects 3. Training branch sales team on Videoconferencing products and solutions Job Description 1. Understanding Customer requirements, Infrastructure etc. 2. Interacting with OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers) and AV Solutions Team for AC/VC Solutions Design 3. Communicate the salient features and benefits of our solutions to customers effectively 4. Technical Guidance to Branch Sales/Presales Teams on Audio Video Products and Solutions 5. Training of Branch Sales and Presales Teams on Audio / Video Conferencing Products and Solutions 6. Conducting proof of concepts and engaging prospective clients 7. Updating the Knowledge Server with latest Products and Solutions Qualification Details Essential Qualification: Diploma/Degree in Electronics/ Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Preferred Qualification: NA Experience Details Essential Experience: Minimum 2 years of relevant work experience for Engineers and 4 years Diploma holders Preferred Experience: NA Special Skill Essential : 1. Planning and organizational skills 2. Communications skills 3. Time management skills 4. Inter personal skills 5. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office 6. Product knowledge of Video conferencing and other related products 7. Knowledge of international telecom union (I. T. U) protocols/standards 8. Knowledge of IT networking Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills telecom pre sales diploma server technical support video conferencing telecommunication audio av standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Godrej Industries Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details