TITLE: Regional Manager (Business Development)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate who be good in written and spoken English & the Regional language, with good IQ, Sound logic and ability to adapt quickly to various roles and situations. Candidate also must have an ability to ... Conceptualize and implement innovative plans for accomplishment of pre-designated targets from the assigned territories. Drive sales in complete region through regional partners / dealers / distributors. Map and appoint potential dealers / partners / distributors in their region. Implement pricing strategies including bundling, volume discounts etc. Deliver all types of communications with new schemes, plans etc to Distributors/Dealer. O rganize and manage promotional campaigns. Identify and network with strong and reliable dealers/ channel partners resulting in deeper market penetration and reach. Expand base of distributors /Dealers Marketing Impart training to distributorrsquos executives and owner about business plans, schemes etc Job Traits : Should possess an in depth knowledge of AV industry ,Products, Key accounts, Key dealers/distributors in the region. Should have worked with key dealers/distributors in the past. Also, should be willing to travel extensively and must have his/her own conveyance. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Regional Manager (Business Development) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Globus Infocom Limited Globus Infocom Ltd. has earned a sterling reputation for executing small, medium and high end enterprise solutions all over the country. It offers a wide choice to its customers consisting of standalone products and integrated solutions to fulfill the emerging needs of customers. Globus Infocom\'s product portfolio includes Multimedia Projectors, Plasma Display Panels, Information Kiosks, Integrated Podiums, Visualizers, Conference Room Integration Systems, Digital Slide Presenters, Quad Views, Video Walls, Interactive Boards, Interactive Panels, Class Assessment Clickers, Digitizers, Large Format Scanners, Lounge Display, LED Walls, Cyber Security Systems, Finger Print Access Controls, GPS, Video/ Audio Conferencing and customized solutions for different needs of its customers. It continues to deliver need based solutions to its valued customers, the most popular example of such innovations are "Magic Studio" and "Smart Classroom Solution" Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details