TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities : Engage in the consultative Business Development of Software solutions based that contribute to the growth and profitability of the business. Perform detailed evaluation of client business environment including customer needs, capabilities/assets, and competitive realities to identify unique business opportunities. Create relationships through networking, referrals, and proactive business development with targeted Projects. Become a trusted advisor for our clients on value-added solutions offerings and additional products and services. Participate in sales and marketing related efforts including webinars, in-person presentations, , trade shows, and conferences. Conduct primary market and customer research, and perform in-depthcustomer reviews to understand their business challenges, system requirements, and benefits achieved. Evaluate market need for solutions required by customer, design and integrate those solutions offering in any business modeling. Design and prepare new business plans, strategies for vertical to generate revenue. Responsible for his/her revenue target, meeting Profitability objectives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills networking assets conferences proactive benefits solutions business development manager customer sales and marketing revenue Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WRENCH Solutions (P) Ltd WRENCH Solutions (formerly CADD Solutions) was started in 1994 by Varghese Daniel with the aim to provide niche software solutions to the then-fledgling market of automated engineering design and drawing. From this beginning, and being from the industry itself, Mr. Daniel saw a tremendous opportunity for a software product that would provide a truly comprehensive, high-value solution. Over time, as technology itself evolved, the functionality of WRENCH grew, and slowly the single product was spun off into a series of products that addressed specific verticals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details