TITLE: CIB - Business Architecture & Transformation (Lean) - Associate - Mumb

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this CIB Investor Services has embarked in a holistic operational transformation in order to achieve operational excellence in terms of enhancing client experience, timeliness, accuracy, efficiency and management practices, while securing long term sustainability. In order to support this program we have created Client Architecture and Business Transformation team (CABT) that will be part of a Global Operational Excellence program. The Client Architecture and Business Transformation (CABT) Project Managers will join the change team led by the Global Operational Excellence program. In this position, the successful candidates will assist with identifying, driving and ensuring the successful implementation of multiple operational transformation projects across the region. Responsibilities: Ability to understand the product delivery keeping in mind the client experience. Partner with business managers to identify areas for operational improvements and gain their support and sponsorship for implementing initiatives Participate in a defined programme work stream globally or within a location/ region, from current to a future state and through implementation Perform detailed analysis of current processes using existing Lean/ Six Sigma methodologies and tools. Provide value added analytics and reporting including E2E process reviews, Client enhancement opportunities, skill variability analysis, capacity management, performance metrics, analysis of risks and opportunities. Conduct reviews with internal Clients to report on performance, discuss issues and propose solutions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills analytics project management problem solving business transformation coaching operational excellence enhancement tools people development capacity management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills / Experience: Knowledge on Capital markets, Finance and Banking, Financial and Market products. Proven Project Management, planning and organizational skills with the ability to prioritize workloads Proactive and creative approach to problem solving and the ability to utilise initiative taking the lead on decisive creative solutions Good analytical skills with a pragmatic 80/ 20 approach and strong hypothesis driven Ability to develop robust business cases Excellent communication, facilitation (workshops), negotiation and influencing skills with the ability to build strong partnerships at all levels within the organisation Ability to develop and facilitate executive level presentations Strong team player with effective coaching, training and mentoring skills. Demonstrated commitment to personal/ people development Values Diversity: Demonstrates an appreciation of a diverse workforce - appreciates differences in style or perspective and uses differences to add value to decisions or actions and organizational success Proven ability to take action above and beyond what is required A flexible approach to work with the ability to accept and champion change Ability to work to tight deadlines and to prioritise a large number of conflicting and frequently changing priorities Ability to understand and fully leverage systems quickly and effectively Strong IT skills including MS Excel modelling and PowerPoint Presentations Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details