TITLE: RECRUITMENT CONSULTANTS / TALENT ACQUSITION EXECUTIVES / LEADERS

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Welcome to HR Reflections, if you\'re looking to build a great career, you\'ve come to the right place. We understand the necessity of fostering a culture of teamwork and collaboration, wherein every employee feels a sense of ownership. HR Reflections has created a new breed of professionals for the Talent Acquisition industry by making significant investments in training and development of its talent. We strongly believe that talent comes in many forms and we celebrate each and every one of them. Above all it is talent that is refined, fostered and is considered to be the foundation of our culture. With pride, we recognize the uniqueness of each associate and the benefits of developing all associates to reach their full potential. These include: Opportunities to learn and enhance A pathway to progress Absolute liberty to work Regular training and up gradation Generating entrepreneurial spirit and attitude If you enjoy helping businesses to succeed and are looking for advancement & growth, come & speak to any of our consultants! A challenging and rewarding career with great job satisfaction awaits YOU! So what are you waiting for? Take the challenge TODAY! We are looking for outstanding individual who possess the following: A degree in any discipline from a good university Able to multi-task and is an excellent team player Headhunting techniques with knowledge of recruitment through social media High optimism with a never- say-die attitude Resourceful, motivated and persistent Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills social media forms benefits ve pathway training and development excellent team player training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HR Reflections HR Reflections Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details