TITLE: Technical Lead/ Development Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Reports To Project Manager Exp -5-9 Yrs Certifications required - NO Skills required - Linux ,PLSql , Perl , C , Shell Script Qualification - IT Graduate/Postgraduate Re sponsiblities Hands-on Development experience in C , shell Scripting, Perl or Plsql.Able to technically drive a team in design and development. Application Monitoring, Deployment, installation & database handling.Keep Manager informed of task accomplishment , issues & status. Proven ability to work independently in a fast paced environment. Well organized with the ability to multi-task & prioritize work load. Create a understanding and process document of application. Develop the Projectrsquos Defined Software Process.Ensure the Project is running as per schedule. Maintaining the project tracking data. Keep track of the following metrics for discussion with Senior Management. Client-side Implementation. To detect project deviations from the plan in a prompt manner and initiate corrective actions as appropriate(for the short team & the long-term Project Plan) Ensures the quality of the development (code reviews, architecture reviews) and technical documents provided by development team. Identify and address technical Risks. Work with the team to Propose Product /Solution Architecture considering functional/non-functional requirements UAT and Training Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Lead Development Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Baysquare Technologies Baysquare Technologies was founded in July 2001 to service the technology needs of Telecom operators and Data clearing houses (DCH) across the globe.Since then, Baysquare Technologies has made progress by developing products and services in multiple areas specifically addressing the needs of the wireless communications industry and carving a niche for itself. Today, the company boasts of two of the largest operators in the region as its prime customers as well as customers in USA, Middle East, East Europe and Asia Pacific. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details