TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Take complete responsibility for a specific product or service developed by PCDS. For this purpose, coordinate with the development team and the sales team; review customer feedback and communicate it to the respective teams for further action; understand students / parents / schools needs through interactions in various fora; identify new product concepts keeping in mind the research areas of PCDS; work closely with the development team to understand the products and services developed; provide information and training to the sales team on each new product / service. Candidate Profile: MBA / Post graduate in any discipline with 3 years experience in handling product development / marketing independently Good communication skills Ability to work with multiple teams Understand feedback and use it for product improvement Ability to identify new areas for products and services Self motivated and able to motivate the teams and convince them to try out new ideas Willingness to learn new things General interest in education and a desire to contribute to this field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills mba product development coordination handling ideas product service communication skills good communication skills willingness to learn feedback Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pcds Infotech Pratibha Consultancy and Development Services called as PCDS InfoTech was Established in 2007 as consultancy with Training and Certifications provider and now PCDS is the place where business meets technology. Its a modern age company with a revolutionary vision. The perfect solution for your business is provided, period! We thrive for customer satisfaction. The client is given the highest priority. We are known for our good response time and on schedule delivery. Our team focus is on providing professional quality work on time. Our proven success lies on long term relationships and repeat projects. With globally competitive spirit and technical know how, PCDS InfoTech dominates the rapidly growing technology market with projects overflowing from all corners of the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details