TITLE: Real Estate Support Specialist

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description This is a Mumbai based property portal offering residential and commercial property deals for sale and for rent in and around Mumbai. www.shopsandhomes.com Job Description Provides overall support for the Real Estate Projects and capable of communicating at all levels of the organization in order to respond to - correspondence and telephone and email inquiries. RequirementsÂ Must be able to provide excelling Customer Service. Resolve product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolutionÂ Maintain pertinent documentation regarding the outcome of all activities through data entry results relating to incoming and outgoing calls, emails, faxes, and mail. A Reliable, tolerant, and determined professional. An emphatic communicator who is able to see things from the other person's point of view. Well- presented and business like. Keen for new experience, responsibility and accountability able to get work done. Seek out opportunities to grow our business as well as our customers Follow up and make scheduled call backs to customers where necessary; Week end working availability on a Saturday and Sunday Must be very good in English , Hindi and Marathi. Qualifications Required Skills/Experience: Â Must have a minimum of six5) relevant years experienceÂ Experience must provide evidence of the ability to perform independently any of the tasks in a real estate support environment. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SHOPSANDHOMES.COM SHOPSANDHOMES.COM Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details