TITLE: Lead Manager - Materials

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : Description: Work strategically to drive physical and systematic changes in the material flow process by deploying Lean / Six Sigma methodology. Manage group of Materials Specialists. Essential Responsibilities : Key responsibilities include: As the point person for a modality/team, you will be responsible for: Inventory management o Supplier material Stream o Stocking levels o Transnational Process Support Global allocation of material Resource allocation Lean manufacturing initiatives and support Establishing and maintaining a teamwork environment with Sourcing Positive supplier relationships. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Material Management Executive/Manager Keyskills Lean Manufacturing Inventory Management Material Management Resource Allocation supply chain Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements :Quality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required4. Knowledge and understanding of production process work instructions and operates within them to ensure that a device conforms to its specifications5. Ensures the creation of accurate, complete and timely records and DHRsQualifications:1. Bachelors degree and 6+ years supply chain experience2. Proven ability to drive change initiatives in a matrix environment3. Ability to successfully motivate and maintain employee involvement while driving changePreferred Qualifications:1. Certified 6 Sigma Green Belt2. Oracle knowledge and experience3. Lean Manufacturing Experience4. OMLP Graduate5. Lean Manufacturing AWO Leadership Experience6. MBA or Masters Degree . Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details