TITLE: Flash Game Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Writing new Action Script (AS3) code and templates to expedite the time-to-market of games. Working with our studios, service developers, and functional designers in multidisciplinary teams. Building reliable and efficient code for game projects. Working on iPhone / Android based games using action script 3.0 / flex. Nilee Games also prefer high scoring games. Collaborating with the API development team to ensure that our developer SDK is robust and easy to implement. Providing development support to internal and external studios as required. Requirements relevant programming experience in an online environment, preferably in the gaming industry. Experience in AS 2.0 / 3.0, Java Script, XML with Action Script required. Knowledge of Flex, c, c , Data communication with server is plus Eye for functional design and usability. Innovative and creative problem solver. Expertise with Photoshop and Illustrator is an asset. Experience with version control and bug tracking software is a plus. Open access to an online portfolio of developed games. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Flash Game Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nilee Games Nilee Games is a game developer & publisher of Mobile games. Its journey started in year 2011, during the course of time we have learnt a lot and developed tons of games for our clients and partners from Indian & overseas market of all major industries. Nilee Games provide wide range of services in game development having team of qualified experts gaming development, which is a culmination of years of extensive knowledge and experience in all aspects of game development operations. Our main focus is to create games for multiplatform with efficient and cost effective way. Recently, Movie based games took our interest. We already developed movie based game , Darr @ the mall co-production with MSM Motion Pictures and Contiloe Entertainment pvt. Ltd, which is live on Google Play and App Store. and Gang of Ghosts in association with SK Entertainment and VENUS. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details