TITLE: Looking for Customer Service Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description About Us In a rapidly shrinking world where technology changes at the blink of an eye and new socio- technological advances come hurtling at lightning speed, it is both imperative and logical to innovate. Innovations need change, a collaborative approach with ideas that can integrate and implement various possibilities into your lines of business in order to remain competitive, increase margins and expand operations. Viral Technologies Pvt. Ltd. helps you make this change possible. A change from the doubting to the possible, transformation of dreams to reality and a journey from the imaginary to its form. The Viral team is a young, dynamic and enthusiastic group of people with core focus in system design and mainly engaged in the development of intuitive and high quality, scalable solutions for its clients. Viral Technologies primarily works with clients who, due to the sheer pace of their growth and diverse range of automation needs, require specialized information technology support that is either not available internally or that does not justify permanent increase in personnel for time- specific project requirements. To these clients, our highly qualified, professionally trained and experienced team of Mobile Engineers and Project Consultants deliver consistent, high- quality and timely services on a continual and progressive basis. Through its pursuit to continually deliver timely, cost- effective, and quality services, the company is looking forward to be able to develop a long- term Client relationship that proves to be a mutually beneficial for both the involved parties. We at Viral believe in the philosophy that these relationships will form the basis through which the company continues to pursue new clients and projects. Our efforts are progressively focused on building a client- base of respected names, resulting in dynamic and consistent growth for the company, its people, as well as its business partners. Job Description We are looking for Customer Service Executive profile candidates who would be responsible for- Handling calls and resolving the queries He/she must have excellent communication skills. Must be able to handle customer queries. Well- versed with basic knowledge of computer. Qualifications Any Graduate/ HSC Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills customer operations development automation handling system design be excellent Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VIRAL TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD VIRAL TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details