TITLE: Java Applications Developer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Application Developer Desired Skills: Experience with GMC PrintNet/Inspire and Automation including solid design, coding, testing and debugging skills You will participate in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyse business requirements and outline the proposed IT solution. You will participate in design reviews and provide input to the design recommendations; incorporate security requirements into design; and provide input to information/data flow, and understand and comply with Project Life Cycle Methodology in all planning steps. You will adhere to IT Control Policies throughout design, development and testing and incorporate Corporate Architectural Standards into application design specifications. You will document the detailed application specifications, translate technical requirements into programmed application modules and develop/Enhance software application modules. You will participate in code reviews and ensure that all solutions are aligned to pre-defined architectural specifications; identify/troubleshoot application code-related issues; and review and provide feedback to the final user documentation. You will support existent production applications. Other Requirements: Experience in.NET programming, JavaScript/Groovy or other Object oriented programming Excellent analytical, organizational and communication skills are required; expert interpersonal skills; confidence to participate in planning sessions that outline IT solutions that reach business goals. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java development project planning documentation windows javascript coding experience object oriented programming requirements Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications: If you enjoy varied responsibilities and IT projects in a fast-paced, ever-shifting environment. Excellent analytical, communication, organizational and problem-solving skills coupled with a strong work ethic Ability to translate business requirements into functional requirements documentation. 1-3 years experience with full development lifecycle from inception through implementation. 1-3 years experience with Object oriented programming languages. 1-3 years experience working in Windows environments. Experience with development, deployment, and support of large-scale distributed applications in a mission-critical production environment. Test-infected attitude (strong desire to perform thorough and exhaustive unit, integration and system testing). Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details