TITLE: BUSINESS MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sales and Marketing . Running the sales and marketing operations & accountable for increasing sales growth and driving sales initiatives in order to achieve business goals. . Identifying prospective clients, generating business from the existing clientele and achieving business targets. Business Development . Conducting competitor analysis & competency mapping for keeping abreast of market trends and competitor moves to achieve market share metrics. . Identifying & developing new streams; maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat/ referral business. Customer Relationship Management . Managing customer centric operations & ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery/ service quality norms. . Attending to clients\' complaints and undertaking steps for resolving them. Team Management . Recruiting, mentoring, training and development of the field functionaries to ensure sales and operational efficiency. . Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance amongst team members Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development team management marketing operations complaints operational maintaining service quality customer relationship management clients metrics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Other Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Au HOUSING FINANCE LTD. Au HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED was originally incorporated as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956 (Companies Act) on February 23, 2011 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Au FINANCIERS (INDIA) LIMITED. (AuFIL). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details