TITLE: Senior Design Strategist

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : A candidate who has a deep understanding of UX/UI design and has a great communication and presentation skills. The role focuses on understanding the business requirements and conceptualizing the product and user experience strategy from a mobility perspective. Role & Key Responsibilities: Envision the best in class mobile solutions by partnering with the client to build cross platform (mobile/web) strategies. Ability to ideate and conceptualize independently - develops deep understanding of clientrsquos business needs & maintains a strong pulse of mobility trends. Study user personas and use cases to evaluate user experiences and identify areas of improvement. Create the product and mobile strategy and present brilliant visual presentations using Keynote. Design the overall information architecture by creating app/site map. Collaborate with UX/UI designers and provide them with direction to ensure strategy principles get translated into sound UX. Desired Skills: Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Extensive and up to date domain knowledge (Mobile/web) to understand stated requirements and provide suitable solutions. A clear ability for conducting research (including primary and secondary research) to provide context and background for strategic design processes. Well versed in building presentations. Well versed with design from a mobility perspective - in the UX/UI space. Assertive towards setting expectations. Personal Attributes: Team player with the ability to work with diverse teams. Passionate about digital & mobility in particular. Ability to multi-task. Innovative thinking. Self driven Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills passionate secondary research assertive design mobility presentation skills ux mobile ui communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROBOSOFT TECHNOLOGIES Robosoft helps businesses plan, design and build mobile apps that consumers love. We partner with several prestigious global brands and have built over 1400 apps, across platforms, in Consumer Mobility, Enterprise Mobility and Games & Entertainment segments. With 17 years of development experience, we have several award-winning, globally recognized mobile apps in our portfolio. We have the depth & scale of experience to build outstanding digital products Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details