TITLE: Python Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ope nspace Services seeks experienced Python Developers. If you are a Python Developer with experience, then please contact us! Responsibilities: Create standalone/web applications using extensive suite of open source Python/C libraries. Translators and domain specific parsers. Customization and building plug-ins / vertical applications using APIs of popular CAE software. Work on exciting open source or other innovative ideas. Implement consulting projects as and when required. Implement QA suites. Provide support to the US operations Skillset Desired: Strong programming and analytical skills in any of the major programming languages required (Python highly preferred). Knowledge and understanding of object oriented design. Past Demonstrated ability to create standalone applications, UIs, translators or parsers or strong programming experience is required (Experience with Python QT is desirable). Background in Engineering, mathematics will be a plus. Knowledge and familiarity of parallel or threaded programming preferred. Working knowledge of Windows and Linux. This is an excellent opportunity to contribute early in building a successful product. Responsibilities can encompass implementing consulting projects, providing support and contributing to development of several interesting and innovative ideas. Must be a self starter with a mindset committed to ownership, code design, perfection and quality. Fresh out of college can apply. Remuneration will be competitive. As the business scales up, compensation will be significantly above average with possibility of profit sharing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Python Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: openspaceservices OPENSPACE SERVICESOpenSpace Services is a global provider of software solutions, and information technology integration.Our Core expertise in Portal Development, ERP Solutions and creating web based customized Applications with the help of open source technologies. We also deal into creating dynamic websites, domain registration and Maintenance of the websites for clients.Our expertise across technology matrix, allows us to be objective oriented when it comes to creating solutions that fit our client\'s requirements. With agile development and collaborative process and open source technology, we help you in reducing cost and creating value as quickly as possible, thereby improving your bottom line.Our management team is totally hands-on with technology, and will assist you in your success by creating compelling solutions for your customers using our deep management expertise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details