TITLE: Sr. Executive/ Assistant Manager- Quality Assurance

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities 1. Efficient and Effective operation of Marine QA Team. 2. Achieve and sustain -Works Approval- for the Marine LOB. 3. Support or Guide (wrt quality parameters) for Vendor Development. 4. Welding Analysis and Control of Weld Practices. Job Description 1. Efficient and Effective operation of Marine QA Team and earn Product Certification , obtaining inspection clearance of the lot offered. 2. Achieve and sustain -Works Approval- for the Marine LOB from Marine Surveyors and also the status of -Self-Certified Vendor- from Indian Defense. 3. Support or Guide (wrt quality parameters) for Vendor Development in the field of Raw Material / Fabrication / Machining / Shot blasting & Painting / Forgings etc. 4. Welding Analysis and Control of Weld Practices. 5. Lead a team of senior inspectors for optimized performance in sync with the organizational timelines and quality commitments. 6. Understand & manage the QC activities , Inspection of machined and fabricated components and further take judicious decisions regarding fits and interferences during sub-assembly and assembly. 7. Will be responsible for dimensional analysis of complex components and intricate profiles with critical precision instruments e.g. CMM / Profile Projector etc. 8. Manage relationships with Third Party Marine Surveyors e.g CQAE (WE / WP / MS) , ND(MB) MQC(H) , ABSIV , LRS , DNV , IRS etc and also be conversant with the specific requirements of all such organisations for Marine Certifications. 9. Will be responsible for -Works Approval-- Certification awarded by different Classification Societies - its renewal and maintenance. 10. Will be responsible for -Self Certification-- Certification awarded by Indian Navy (DQA) - its renewal and maintenance. 11. Will be responsible for Raw Material testing and Certification (Destructive & Non-Destructive Tests) as well as maintaining Traceability of the same. 12. Should be responsible for Product Certification as per various Codes and Standards e.g. ASME BPVC , IRS , ABS , NCD , GOST etc as per the project requirements. 13. Will be responsible for preparing of WPS / PQR and WPQR and approval of the same as per ASME / AWS from different surveying authorities Special Skill Essential : 1. NDT Level-II certification in RT , UT , PT and MPT 2. Communication Skills 3. Result Orientation 4. Analytical Ability 5. Technical Acumen 6. Interpersonal Skills 7. Possess the knowledge and experience to frame QAPs as per the prescribed format of each of these Classification Societies. Preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills quality assurance fabrication welding machining cmm standards instruments abs material testing ut Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Website http://www.godrej.com/ Industry Other Industry (Conglomerate/ Diversified Group) Company Turnover 2500 - 5000 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details