TITLE: SALES MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Products - Energy Meters, Multifunction/ Single Function Panel Meters, Load Manager, Earth Leakage Relay, Power Factor Control, Motor Protection System, Generator Metering, Multi Point Metering, Energy Management System Market Segment - End Customers, Panel Builders, Consultants, Contractors and OEMrsquos. Job Profile Will be responsible for more than 20 accounts in Panel Builder, OEM and End Customer segment for relationship building, Understanding the requirement of Customers through regular visits, Product Demonstrations, Product/Solution pitching as per Requirement. Getting the Enquiries from these accounts, working out the same with Dealers and Distributors, preparing and submitting the quotations with worked out pricing with Dealers. Follow up visits to Customers for closing the orders in our favour and for generation of new business keeping Dealers in loop for follow up with the Customers. Will be handling 1/3rd market area for these products and will ensure to increase the market share for our make from these accounts and the accounts which will be added afterwards. Collecting the Outstanding amount from customers and Channel Partners as per agreed terms Maintaining very cordial relation with customers and Channel partners Support Customer if they need any problems with product and services. Job Specification Candidate must be Engineering Graduate or Diploma Holder in Electrical / Electronic s/ Instrumentation Engineering or any Graduate with a Certified course in Energy/ Power Management/ Switchgear/ Electrical Protection System or relevant to the same. Should have sufficient knowledge of Electrical/ Electronic / Instrumentation Systems in the relevant Industry and Technology will be preferred. Skills/ Competencies Must be keen to learn and explore the market with hard work and perseverance, must be interested to take on field Working Opportunities with Companies in Electrical Industry. Must be very good in learning, building relationships, team working, requirement understanding, preparing quotations, follow ups and closing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills accounts switchgear instrumentation diploma channel partners pricing relationship building handling metering specification Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Elmeasure India Pvt Ltd ElMeasure India Pvt. Ltd was promoted in 2004 by a young team of entrepreneurs with collective experience in energy management. The objective was to make a significant contribution by focusing on industries and commercial establishments and major users of energy to reduce waste and minimize loss. ElMeasure's Energy Management System is tailor made with greater flexibility for customization for any industry; Energy Billing Systems (EBS) for shopping/ housing complex and pre-paid metering Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details