TITLE: SR EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We\'re looking for an email marketing specialist who will own the entire process. He/she will be responsible for setting up and managing email campaigns, and also ensure deliverability and success of these direct marketing campaigns. The main requirement is the ability to troubleshoot coding and deliverability. Roles and Responsibilities: Setting up and managing email campaigns. Ensure deliverability and success of email campaigns. Understand spam issues and managing the same. Ensure messages are sent in proper form and template. Final review of messages. Manage database of emails for lead generation and direct marketing. Track and analyze marketing campaigns. Use statistical analysis and reports to create campaigns. Coordinate and monitor the maintenance, integrity, and security of several databases. Experience Experience with email tools (NCR, Exact Target, Atomic Mass Mailer etc.) highly desired. Understanding of DB technology (MySQL, noSQL) . Experience using HTML and Adobe Photoshop. Hands- on experience in email campaigns and list selection preferred. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Characteristics: Ability to troubleshoot coding and deliverability. Excellent communication skills. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Good understanding of database concepts and segmentation. Ability and desire to learn quickly. Interest in email marketing. Ability to work independently with minimal direction, while also functioning and contributing as part of a team. Attention to detail. Proactive, energetic, and humble and humble personality; inquiring, investigative mind. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills html mysql coding ncr tools marketing nosql microsoft excel direct marketing segmentation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: sumHR sumHR Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details