TITLE: SENIOR .NET WEB APPLICATIONS DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this hould have sound experience in functional analysis , design , development , coding , implementation , maintenance and support in different domain with different technologies like java , jsp , Servlet , forms , reports as frontend and oracle as backend. - Must have worked on oracle plsql code development and production support - knowledge and experience in packages , Procedures , Functions , Triggers , Views , Cursors , PL / SQL Table , Nested Tables , Varrays , Sequences , Indexes , sysnonyms , file handling , dbms_scheduler , oracle text , Subqueries , Inline views , Materialized view in oracle database - Experience in writing and tuning complex and large SQL queries with the help of explain plan , trace files , tkprof. - Experience in Database Design , Modeling And Normalization. - Experience with data flow diagrams , data dictionary techniques , Entity relation modeling. - Knowledge of DBA activities like Import , export , Users creation , Tablespace creation , grant and revoke roles to users. - Sound analytical , problem solving and trouble shooting skills. - Good spoken and written communication skills. - Ability to work well in both a team and individual environment. - Experience in data migration from legacy system to new system. - Sound Experience in toad , SQL developer. - Knowledge of Linux. - Integral member of team , which is responsible for database development of various modules of core financial application. - Responsible for understanding the all aspects of systems and resolving numerous technical issues. - Coordination with testing department for preparation of test cases required for testing the modules. - Developing and maintenance of pl / sql codes. - Handling client side support. - Providing client support - Understand , resolve , test and provide the proper solution of a problem occurred in the system. - Involved in writing procedures , functions , cursors , triggers and packages for new requirements. - Write and tune SQL Queries used in the application. - Export and import dump according to client requirement. - Support to client in specific situation. - Implementation of the product for the new client site. - Exception Handling - Data migration for the client. Technical Skills: Job Functions Design , Development , Documentation , Maintenance , Coordination , Support. Languages Oracle PL / SQL , Advanced PL / SQL Platforms Windows Database Oracle 9i , 10g , 11g Advance Tools / Technologies Oracle 10g / 11G , Toad 9.7 , Pl Sql Developer Domain Knowledge Finance , Insurance , Music Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills coordination documentation java backend procedures analytical problem solving linux handling functions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Astral Technologies As an IT company, our aim is to ensure that IT simply works for our clients, assisting them to achieve business objectives through the use of intelligent technology solutions. We offer an extensive range of technology services and IT solutions which have proven to solidify and complement our client\'s business operations. We continue to raise our clients customer service expectations through innovation and common sense. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details