TITLE: Editorial Coordinator

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Profile: Have a clear picture about the magazine, the editorial content and all information you would need to talk to new writers/guest writers etc about the magazine. Editor to brief. Coordinating with writers for receiving their articles in on time. An editorial status of the issue will be mailed to you regularly which will outline the follow-ups required. Mail questionnaires to respondents for all features and get responses in. Source and mail contact details for writers, if required. Follow up of all photographs required in the issue, for all articles. Make an Issue Report at the end of each issue, the format for which will be given. Following up for forthcoming issues, besides the immediate one. Make a database of all persons (industry wise) followed up with for the issue and forward to the Executive Editor and Managing Editor. Making a database of questionnaires made for the issue. Act as a liaison between outsiders and the magazine, and facilitate smooth communication. Schedule interviews for the Executive Editor. Ensure that the complimentary list and client data sheets for all clients are updated every month. Enter into agreements for all important events-seminars or exhibitions for magazine distribution in coordination with GM - Admin. Provide support to branches by sending databases to all ad managers for forthcoming features and events. Coordinate sending and receiving editorial materials. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills gm events coordination exhibitions seminars coordinating editorial articles issue up Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASAPP Media Pvt Ltd ASAPP Media Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details