TITLE: Catalogue Manager

SKILLS: Export

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The Catalog Manager will ensure that accurate, comprehensive and high-quality product information is available on all products we carry, and that customer expectations are set and met to a high standard. The candidate must work closely with Product Management and Merchandiser to identify additional data requirements needed to increase customer decision making and experience. The candidate must also work closely and effectively with the team to prioritize work and ensure timely execution of catalog data publishing for both online and offline distribution channels. . Responsibilities: Product Catalogue Management. Oversee and manage the maintenance of all product data (images, video etc. ) and pricing required to ensure that the online product offering remains current and up-to-date. Pro-actively propose solutions to improve efficiency of the maintenance and updates of the Product Catalogue, actively participating in the product attribute definition to maximize efficiency of the site search engine and improve user experience on the site. Monitor product inventory and sales, removing discontinued products at the end of their life cycle, and work with other departments on new product launches. Product Feature Discovery and Definition. Collaborate with the business, user experience and external vendors to assess value, usability and feasibility of product features. Specify, prioritize and communicate high level and detailed product specifications to ensure that product information is provided and presented to consumers. Desired Skills & Experience Minimum one year with an online retail store working on the Magento E-Commerce platform Proficiency in preparing CSV and Excel files (knowledge databases is a plus). Familiarity with files and tools related bulk uploads Excellent written and oral communication skills with proofreading and grammar skills. Ability to multi-task would be great including online marketing, product management, and data analytics Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Export , Import , Merchandising Role Category:Production/Merchandising/Business Development Role:Merchandiser Keyskills online marketing product management publishing tools pricing life cycle magento experience user experience online retail Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: thatspersonal When it comes to privacy, we at ThatsPersonal believe it to be of paramount importance. This is especially true, when you shop for products that are of an intensely personal nature. It is this belief, coupled with our desire to help you keep the spark of love kindled that has led to the creation of Indias first and most discreet website for the purchase of personal products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details