TITLE: Sales and Marketing Manager - Bangalore (hoskote / Attibele)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Meets marketing and sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing annual budget and achieving the targets defined in annual budget 2. Identify marketing opportunities by identifying customer requirements, defining market, do marketing research, identify competitors and their SWOT analysis, 3. Maintain a rapport with key customers by making frequent visits, exploring new requirements, specific needs, 4. Provide timely information to management by collecting, analyzing and summarizing the data and trends 5. Manage price and resultant margin as per norms 6. Operate as per existing credit norms and fully accountable for collection Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills Marketing Research Sales Marketing Management Swot Analysis sales and marketing sales manager Desired Candidate Profile Skills required: 1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers2. Excellent computer proficiency in MS Office 3. Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service4. Ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practicesJob Requirement:1. The job requires extensive travelling 2. The candidate should have handled sales and marketing of industrial products 3. The candidate should have handled auto components, castings, forged units, etc Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Automobile, Mechanical, Diploma - Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Automobile, Mechanical Company Profile: Kems Auto Components Limited Kems Auto Components Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details