TITLE: User Experience Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this I conduct user- centered research such as card sorting, contextual inquiry, competitive analysis, user research and usability testing to validate concepts/designs I create UX deliverables appropriate to the project, including personas, task analysis, content strategies, sitemaps, wireframes and prototypes I partner with other UX practitioners, visual designers and front- end developers to ensure conceptual, visual and functional consistency I design the interface and experience for a broad range of digital devices and deliver innovative and engaging prototypes using the latest in front- end technologies I work with development teams to make sure that the information architecture reflects the customers needs I Need to be: 5 years of proven experience designing wireframes and experiential touch- points Preferred HFI certified professional with Usability Research experience Portfolio of work across web and mobile experience design projects and applications An individual with a deephumanbehaviour understanding and attention to detail An obsessive desire to create design delightful consumer interactions Proficient in all UX and UI softwares and languages including HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS 3. 0, jQuery, Javascript, AJAX, XML etc. Understanding of different standards and platforms such as ASP. net, PHP, Drupal, Asp. net 3. 5, v. b. net , dojo, Moto, x query, JQuery mobile, Sencha Touch, Sdk 3. 0/4. 0, coca, Phone gap, Titanium, Rho Hub, backbone js, angular js, bootstrap, MySQL, SQL- Server Knowledge of Web/Mobile Interfaces, Design Patterns, Adaptive/responsive concepts, cross- platform compatibility/testing etc. Understanding of latest Industry trends and innovations in UI/UX Design. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript xhtml php dhtml jquery xml ajax mysql usability drupal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Asymmetrique Asymmetrique Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details