TITLE: Jr. Accountant

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Responsible for data entry of cashbankjournal voucher. Responsible for payments of petty cash and issue of cheques. Responsible for maintenance of all vouchers, cash book, bank book, journal register and payroll. Responsible for compliance related to TDS, Service Tax, ESIC etc Should be able to follow up for Payment from clients. Able to work in Tally 9. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills data entry payroll payments tds petty cash esic bank book responsible service tax cash book Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Peppermint Communications Pvt Ltd Add that freshness and zing to your Brand with Peppermint Communications - an integrated communication consultancy, offering a spectrum of services like Advertising, Branding, Events & Promotions, Publishing, Corporate Films and Web & Multimedia. Established in 2002 by Mr. Yusuf Dohadwala, Peppermint distinctly recognizes the role of a BRAND in today\'s times and the crucial process of nurturing it through consistent communication modules across media. Peppermint Communications currently houses a squad of management experts and brand consultants who furnish your brand with sales generating ideas and marketing strategies, Unconventional ideas, result-oriented approach and hawk- eyed research analysis makes this young team an unstoppable force for your BRAND. In a nutshell, Peppermint believes in conceptualizing communication strategies that don\'t just give companies a cosmetic makeover but more! If you think you\'d like to add some freshness to spice up your brand then do let us know. We\'re sure our flavors will work wonders for your brand too Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details