TITLE: Manager -Institutional sales - Telemedicine Atre

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: The Manager -Institutional Sales, will drive the institutional & Government sector business of the organisation with key focus on top line & bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilisation of company resources. Will be responsible for business from top corporate hospitals and Government institutions (both central and state) across India. He will also need to leverage the existing channel network for servicing these institutions and also build additional channel capacity to focus on large institutions/Government. Establish & maintain close relationships with all key stake holders including Doctors, Paramedical staff & Purchase Departments as relevant in the client institutions to develop the business for the company. Establishing sales targets, management systems, monthly and quarterly delivery of business results as per the revenue skews agreed in the Business plan. Responsible for delivering on the profit metrics through institutional sales in a competitive environment. Introducing & launching new products in the Institutional space. To establish the quality mindshare for the company as a strong medical diagnostics equipment player in government sector by identifying opportunities and proposing partnership plans at the state level. Maintain good relationship with key decision makers in various government departments. Core Competencies : In-depth knowledge of the Government/Institutional market across the country, tendering process, purchase process, documentation, negotiation skills are critical to this role. Ability to engage at senior levels in the client organization is important for qualification for this role. Relevant experience in managing a Institutional/Government business relevant to healthcare equipment is mandatory for this role. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Institutional Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills healthcare tendering documentation institutions institutional sales business management systems company metrics focus Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Maestros Mediline Systems Ltd. Maestros Mediline Systems Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details