TITLE: Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Skills : Core Java, Java Spring, JSTL, Reporting Tool (Jasper Reports / iReport), HTML, Javascript, MYSQL (Or any other database), Core Banking Domain. Number of open positions: 2 Essential Skills : 3-4 years of overall software development experience Strong design and development skills. Ability to design and develop flows. Knowledge of design patterns Effectively communicates to internal and external stake-holders. General Project Management (developing), Customer/ Vendor Management, Business Analysis. Experience of multiple full release cycles. Understanding of modern software development methodologies. Understanding of modern software development tools and Software Configuration Management (SCM). Understanding of Software Test methodologies, and testing tools. Good to have Skills: Preferably 1 year of relevant experience in leading the development teams. Knowledge of Software Engineering best practices with a solid, proven, understanding of Agile Software Development Process and Continuous Integration practice. Designing and integrating software applications running on multiple platform types into overall architecture. Working knowledge of source code control systems preferably SVN. Understanding of Basic Database Administration. Knowledge of Agile Methodologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript html mysql core java project management design patterns configuration database administration scm testing tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: QAAgility Technologies To bring agility and quality in testing using Innovation and AutomationTo optimize the testing efforts across the entire life cycle of software developmentTo keep pace with your fast moving business requirements and reduce time to market Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details