TITLE: Capacity/Availability Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Execution of Capacity Management process tasks in adherence with global and local requirements. Coordination and management of Capacity Management process activities across the global factory and with external suppliers to agreed global and local SLAs. Escalation of risks and issues to the Capacity Management Regional Process Owner. Supporting Capacity Management reporting (KPIs and customer SLAs). Assists the Capacity Management Global and Regional Process Owners in driving Service management best- practice and ITIL process standardization. Assist the Capacity Management Global and Regional Process Owners in ensuring consistent end- to- end application of the Capacity Management process across their account(s). Assists the Capacity Management Global and Regional Process Owner in identifying and planning for Capacity Management process improvement projects. Drives implementation of standard execution of the Capacity Management process. Assists the Capacity Management Global and Regional Process Owners in driving cross- account process standardization. Assists the Capacity Management Global and Regional Process Owners in standardization to enable offshore targets. Job Requirements The main purpose of the Capacity Managers role is to be responsible for the monitoring of capacity on all infrastructure operated by the Service Lines and to develop effective capacity reports and forecasts, ensuring that the service provided to customers meets the established Service Level Agreements and quality standards. The Capacity managers role reports to the Principal Capacity Manager and primarily involves: Ensuring use of and compliance with the Capacity Management process. Assisting in the preparation and/or provision of monthly Capacity reports. Analysing service and component Capacity. Ensuring Capacity risks and issues are progressed, and escalate any issues not being actioned to prevent any Capacity outages. Working closely with Service Managers to deliver a quality service to SLA. Performs a broad range of complex professional or specialist work activities in a wide variety of contexts. Works under limited direction within a clearly defined accountability framework. Is able to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with clients, customers and colleagues Making Principal Capacity Managers aware of any improvement opportunities identified. Technical focus Holds ITIL Foundation Certificate with an understanding of the key roles and functions of all ITIL disciplines Good knowledge of support models for IT Service Teams and their interfaces with customers, together with broad understanding and familiarity with services provided by an IT Outsourcing organisation Strong general knowledge of IT and how it impacts on Capacity Management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Keyskills coordination drives offshore monitoring process improvement outsourcing service management capacity management interfaces itil process Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atos Pvt Ltd Atos Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details