TITLE: Sr. ASP.NET Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Candidate would be responsible for client interaction, understanding requirements, coding, designing architecture and scheduling on .Net platform including: Asp.net / C# / VB.NET. Candidate is required to have exposure on AJAX, HTML/CSS/Javascript skills. Strong People/Team management skills. Excellent Customer focus and interface skills. Lead from front, a team of developers. Interact with customers off or onsite as per requirement Accept &maintain challenging deadlines Take ownership of the assignments given Understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle Have to analyze the system &functional requirement document Ability to handle compound application features, prepare technical designs and write program specifications. Possess in-depth technical and design expertise in ASP.NET with C#.NET Conduct reviews, analysis, and modification of programming systems according to program specifications Participate in requirements definition and translate business specifications into user documentation and application features Should work with Developers in building the system and reviewing the deliverables Good exposure on .Net technology. Should have worked on AJAX. Candidate should have Web Form skills. Good Communication and interpersonal Skills You should have experience in DOTNET Framework 1.1 &2.0 Strong understanding and hands on experience of ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#.NET Experience with maintaining MS SQL Server 2000/2005 objects and handling performance issues Experience with Web Applications and Knowledge of OOPS, SEO would be an added advantage. Commercial experience developing Web applications and working with databases is required. Flexible, team player, willing to learn, taking responsibility. Candidate should be B.E. / B.Tech / MCA with 4 year of experience in web applications. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript ajax seo software development mca coding scheduling maintaining ado net handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NeoSOFT Technologies Established in 1996 Neosoft Technologies is a complete IT solutions company, providing software development and IT services to corporations worldwide. Neosoft's world-class offshore services offer cutting-edge IT solutions across a range of industry and technology segments to Enterprises and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details