TITLE: SENIOR COPY WRITER

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : Receive and understand brief from internal brand and product teams Interact with client if needed , in person or over the telephone Determine most suitable tone and voice for client based on sales / brand needs Perform research on competitors , market , user preferences , etc if required. Develop copy in keeping with brand guidelines Aid other departments /staff in developing graphics , social media strategies or campaigns if needed Perform all edits and checks during development as necessary Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Creative Role:Copywriter Keyskills social media development graphics brand fluent english client sales market staff writer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Interactive Avenues Pvt. Ltd. Interactive Avenues is a full-service digital marketing company with offices in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. Our comprehensive bouquet of services range from media, creative, search, analytics, mobile, social and ORM. In short, all your digital media needs are served and packaged to meet your business objectives. We are a part of the IPG Mediabrands family, the global media holding company of Interpublic Group and a full-service media network.IPG Mediabrands manages and invests $36 billion in global media on the behalf of its clients, employs over 8,500 diverse marketing communication specialists worldwide and operates businesses in more than 127 countries. Launched in April 2006, Team IA is today not just the largest in the industry, but by far the most experienced. Our team comprises over 220 interactive marketing professionals with an unparalleled passion for their work. Our experience and domain expertise across sectors like Finance, Insurance, Telecom, Automobiles, Real Estate, Travel, Logistics, E-Commerce, IT, FMCG and Education makes us the preferred choice for blue chip companies and the No. 1 Digital Marketing agency in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details