TITLE: dot NET Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description p> You will be part of a dynamic IT Development Team to develop new system and enhance financial backend applications for our fast growing businesses in the region p> Responsibilities: p> Analyze requirements, perform impact analysis, design and develop solutions li> Conduct load test and tune the performance of systems to meet SLAs li> Document Users\ ' Guide and Systems Manual li> Deliver quality products to technical specifications, participate and drive the implementation decision process by presenting and analyzing alternatives and identifying the most desirable solution li> Work in a team to design and develop software applications on Windows platform using . NET, MSSQL, ETL development using SSIS, Report development using Crystal Reports and SSRS, including documentation and testing. li> ul> Professional Requirements or Qualifications: p> At least 4 years of relevant software development work experience li> Strong understanding and relevant experiences in NET technologies VB. NET, ASP. NET, C#, ADO. NET, MSSQL, Web Services, WCF, WPF, WF and other . NET frameworks li> RDBMS, Data Integration, ETL development, data modelling, data architecture and migration using SSIS preferably applied on financial related applications li> Reporting tools using SSRS & Crystal Reports. li> Object oriented development methodologies, and implementation in support of n-tier . NET application architectures. li> ul> Preferred: p> Ability to work as a team player as well as an independent performer, possessing good communication and problem solving skills li> Ability to work on multiple tasks concurrently li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills windows software development wcf wpf ssis crystal reports ssrs rdbms documentation data integration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd (KGfSL) is a subsidiary of KG Information Systems P Ltd (KGiSL) and a part of KG group. We provide BFSI companies with a world class IT Solutions, Services and Consulting. With a strong BFSI domain knowledge and experience, KGfSL is a boutique consultancy that provides end-to-end solutions and services in all the latest technology available. Our strategies and solutions are custom-tailored to suit client requirements. We bring in new ideas, more innovative and integrated solutions that drive efficiency, effectiveness, innovation and virtualization to all its customers. With over a decade of experience in offering software solutions to BFSI sector, we have comprehensive market, industry and IT consulting expertise. We are the clear leader in broker back office solutions for organizations in Capital Market sector with our flagship product - Dolphin. With our development center in Coimbatore, we have spread our wings at various locations in India such as Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune and Jaipur. We have also created unique services to our clients as our IT consulting expertise helps us identify key market trends ahead of competition. We also cater software solutions for Education and Healthcare Financial Services sector. p> Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details