TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of FiniteHR, IT Embedded Company Job Description Our Client ASCENT is looking for Android Application Developer Job Designation: Android Application Developer Job Location: Mumbai- Ghatkopar (East) Â Experience: 1- 3Years. About us - www.ascentinc.in ASCENT has an immediate opening for outstanding android mobile app developers to be responsible for developing innovative, reusable Mobile Applications for progressive mobile presence for businesses and communities. Our developers work closely with our project managers, strategists and design team members to develop specifications and make recommendations on the use of new and emerging technologies. Programming, design and database administration are all elements of this position. Responsibilities Work closely with Project Managers and other members of the Development Team to both develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and timelines, and to ensure timely completion of deliverables. Produce project estimates during sales process, including expertise required, total number of people required, total number of development hours required, etc. Attend client meetings during the sales process and during development. Work with clients and Project Managers to build and refine graphic designs for applications. Must have strong skills in Photoshop, Android SDK, or equivalent application (s) . Convert raw images and layouts from a graphic designer into Android themes. Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations to clients. Communicate to the Project Manager with efficiency and accuracy any progress and/or delays. Engage in out- of- the- box thinking to provide high value- of- service to clients. Alert colleagues to emerging technologies or applications and the opportunities to integrate them into operations and activities. Be actively involved in and contribute regularly to the development community of the technology of your choice. Develop innovative, reusable Android- based tools for activism and community building. Required Skills B.E./BSC in computer science or a related field, or significant equivalent experience 1 year minimum experience with mobile (android) app development 1 year minimum experience working with relational database systems such as MySQL, MSSQL or Oracle and a good working knowledge of SQL Development experience using extensible android tools Experience developing and implementing android projects Self- starter with strong self- management skills Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities This is an Immediate Opportunity candidate with less than one month notice will be preferred. Please ignore this mail if the above profile doesnt match with your current Job Role. Thank you for your Valuable Time Hoping for a Prompt Response!!! Best regards, Eswar- Recruiter FiniteHR Consuting Pvt Ltd Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Finite HR Consulting Private Limited Finite HR Consulting Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details