TITLE: Purchase Officer / Executive

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Preferences : * purchase activities into the engineering / industrial product. * knowledge of ms office * need to know how to write business letter. * erp knowledge is added advantage. * need to have knowledge on iso procedures. Job Description : * enquiry floating * preparing quotation comparison * preparing purchase order * maintain purchase records in the register * reporting to the manager * follow up post order process Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills erp purchase order quotation iso ms office procedures knowledge of ms office purchase industrial product activities Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mevada Engineering Works Pvt. Ltd. the brand chooses to stand firm in the Indian and International market with promise, standard and guarantee. We are a reputed manufacturer of Industrial valves in India since 1959. Our commitments to the industry are strongly anchored by the parameters of values followed by aclamations like: The raw materials for our products come from reliable and quality alert SOURCES, which promise a superior end product. Our ball valves strictly stick to the STANDARDS lead down by API, DIN, ASTM, ANSI and BS ranging from 15mm to 300mm. Our ball valves are APPROVED by Engineers India Ltd (EIL), Certification of Engineers India Ltd, Lloyds Registers of Shipping, MECON Ltd., Tata Consultancy, Mott Macdonald and Technical Development Committee (TDC). We also hold the ISO certification ( ISO 9001: 2008 by BVIS) Our Ball valves are certified by American Petroleum Institute (API) to use the Official API Monogram for API Spec 6D. Our fire safe design ball valves are WITNESSED and CERTIFIED by Bureau Veritas India Pvt. Ltd. Our performance and credit rating has been evaluated by NSIC-CRISIL as SE-2B. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details