TITLE: Autocad Designer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: Master Degree in Mechanical Engineering with 3 years of experience in relevant field or Bachelor with 4- 6 years of work experience in CAD / CAM Customization/ Design Automation. Ability to work in- conversant with a manufacturing setup. Good knowledge of the elements of a CAD and understanding of engineering systems and PLM tools. Proficient in UG- NX CAD (must having 2 year experience) and working knowledge in AutoCAD, SAP- PLM and familiar with following. Languages: C#, C, C , VB, etc. Databases: Access, SQL, MySQL, etc. CAD Tools: UG NX, NX CAM, AutoCAD. APIs : NX Open, UFunc, ObjectARX PLM: SAP PLM, Teamcenter, etc. DEVELOPMENT TOOLS: Microsoft Visual Studio. Ability to understand the CAD process/ synthesizing and develop CAD automation routines and programming knowledge. Metal Cutting product knowledge with prior exposure to tool design / application engineering / machining is preferred. Understanding of manufacturing processes and process optimization. Exposure to CAM softwares like NX CAM and Vericut is desired. Ability to work in a cross functional team environment and strong interpersonal skills are essential. Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills, and be capable of representing Kennametal externally through publications and participation in technical symposia and trade shows. Tasks Provide CAD support to other users and help them troubleshoot technical issues. Support Global CAD and Design Automation projects. Interface with global teams on a regular basis and participate in global projects. Primary customers served will be global Kennametal design and engineering groups. Help to develop, document and implement global best practices. Incumbent is expected to remain knowledgeable of external technology trends and developments in the area of computer aided engineering field globally. Creating software requirement specifications, build test cases, iteration handling and implementation practices. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills autocad development automation tools machining teamcenter sql vb handling mysql Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASTER HR SOLUTIONS PVT LTD. ASTER HR SOLUTIONS PVT LTD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details