TITLE: Web Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KEY OBJECTIVE OF THE ROLE To design andor develop Web Applications. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Implement Visual Designs in standards compliant, clean markup (HTML5CSS3JS) Thoroughly test cross browser compatibility of all product interfaces Work with developers to integrate markup across projects. Identify and research new UI technologies Suggest and implement improvements to existing product interfaces Assist in building wireframesprototypes Make data driven decisions based on analytics to improve user engagement QUALIFICATION Should Have knowledge about Facebook apps and Iframe Comfortable in using Facebook, Twitter, Linked-in, Youtube and other social media plat form API Hands-on knowledge of modern markup technologies Thorough knowledge of Web (W3C) standards Thorough knowledge of browser compatibility quirks Working knowledge of troubleshooting using Firebug Experience with Prototype Scriptaculous Dojo or any other JS library Basic Photoshop knowledge for cropping, optimizing images for the web TARGET INDUSTRIES & EXP Digital Agencies, Media Agencies (social media), Advertising Agency, Creative Agencies. Digital media , online media, social networking Industry. 2 yrs experience in front-end dev on JavascriptHTML & HTML5CSS3 COMPETENCIES Behavioural: Good spoken and written communication skills. Positive thinking and results oriented. Ability to work with minimum supervision. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Ability to multitask and prioritize responsibilities. Strong attention to details. Technical: The candidate should be able to work on Photoshop, Corel Draw , Flash, Gif and should know how to create a web page that look beautiful. Experience in image editing, designing of website layouts, banners, posters, Landing pages, emailbanner creative. The ideal person must be energetic, creative, an excellent designer and internet-savvy Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills javascript html photoshop troubleshooting corel draw analytics website api dojo css3 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WATMedia Pvt Ltd We are a digital and social media agency that helps brands connect, converse, collaborate and co-create with its target customers. We do this with the intelligent use of digital, social, search and mobile platforms. We are a full service digital agency that delivers across the value chain right from launching a brand via digital to building a brands salience via digital to driving business leads and sales for a brand. Our focus is to bell the CAT which stands for Creativity, Analytics and Technology and we leverage this to deliver across digital campaigns be it media driven or creative led campaigns. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details