TITLE: ECommerce Site Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role and Responsibilities: The e-Commerce Site Administrator is responsible for the day-to-day maintenance of an online store. The Administrator\'s main role & responsibility is to constantly maintain and audit the site for optimal performance. The Administrator should primarily, but not solely, focus on maximizing the Webstorersquos conversion rate and average order value. The role reports directly to the eCommerce Business Director/Manager. We are looking for someone with an office administration/customer service background and with strong marketing and analytical skills. Ensure that every order is entered accurately in the Order Management System. Generate Purchase Orders (Pos). Import, process and drop ship online orders. Support the sales team to increase efficiency, accuracy of sales orders and customer satisfaction. Assist customers through e-mail and phone. Website updates. Perform administrative and other duties as needed. Create advertisements, catalogues, and slides for websites using Photoshop. Provides administrative support to business groups, development teams and project teams. Qualifications Bachelor Degree or Diploma in Marketing or IT related fields or equivalent work experience. communication activities such as blogs. Exceptional organizational skills. Must be able communicate clearly both verbally and in writing. High attention to detail with high quality standards. Data entry experience. Previous experience with Google Docs/MS Office. Knowledge of Adobe InDesign or Illustrator and Photoshop. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills customer service development diploma analytical data entry ms office website pos audit office administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Renderindia Infotech Renderindia Infotech is an eCommerce Solution and development company of Inkswipe Consulting LLP delivering web development services of any complexity to clients worldwide. Being in IT business for over 8 year now Renderindia Infotech has a strong team of 50 skilled experienced IT experts. Our customers are companies of all sizes ranging from startups to large enterprises who realize that they need a professional internet solution to generate revenue streams, establish communication channels or streamline business operations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details