TITLE: Calibration Manager

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : 1. Primary Responsibilities: To put up & to manage the Calibration Department. To order required instruments & tools. To develop team of dedicated Engineers to take up turn key projects for calibration for various fields Like Petrochemicals, Fertilizers & Pharmaceuticals sectors. Must have in depth knowledge about various instruments calibration inHouse & on site. Knowledge about world standard & to implement the same. Working handson to solve technical problems and deliver innovative solutions. Ensure that the companyrsquos commitment to quality and service is upheld. Hiring, training, motivating, and performance management. 2. Qualifications / Experience required: An Engineering degree or Diploma is preferred. Minimum 5 to 7 years experience in running calibration Dept. & Having himself hands on experience of calibrating various parameter like Temp. Pressure, etc is most essentials. Self exposure & familiarity to world renown calibrators are preferred. Extensive experience in a management/leadership position within a hightech environment. Excellent technical, supervisory, interpersonal, and organizational skills. A high level of commitment and dedication at all times. Advanced knowledge of computers, including experience with Microsoft Office, Email, and the Internet. 3. Compensation: The ideal candidate will be rewarded with further possibility of advancement within upperlevel management, an excellent compensation package including a very generous base salary, a yearend bonus, medical insurance, and candidacy for the employee share ownership plan. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills service calibration medical insurance hiring performance management dedicated tools technical knowledge of computers Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Autonum Controls Pvt. Ltd. Autonum Controls Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details