TITLE: SAP Business Intelligence /Business Warehouse Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Interacts with clients on a routine basis to gather requirements and develop a full understanding of various business scenarios in order to assist with the development of appropriate proposals. Engages in all life cycle stages of project execution; provides support and enhancement to SAP platforms and solutions as required to meet overall business objectives of clients. Partners closely with clients and functional teams to provide sustainable SAP EHS development specifications and solutions. Provides guidance to clients on the choice of suitable SAP BI and BW technologies and best practice management processes. Assists in developing standards, policies and procedures for the form, structure, and attributes of the BI tools and systems. Participates in the design, development, implementation, roll out, enhancement and support of SAP BI and BW solutions. Develops reporting roadmaps, strategies and frameworks to provide high level project plans. Collaborates with end users to gather requirements and ensure proposed reporting solutions adhere to best practice EHS and IT standards. Working with Functional Teams interprets business requirements to define appropriate enhancements, provides estimates for development, prepares the BI /BW Blueprints, functional and technical specifications used for development and develops the solutions. Provides input to risk and issue management, progress reporting and communication. Collaborates with functional consultants and key stakeholders to devise and conduct appropriate unit and integration testing. Assists in designing and coordinating a curriculum for coaching and training customers in the use of business intelligence tools to enhance decision-making capability. Acts as a Senior BI /BW Consultant to mentor team members. Completes tasks independently with little direction and develops a team with well-defined requirements. Requirements Bachelor\'s degree preferred or Associate degree holder in a technical field such as Information Systems, Environmental Science, Computer Science or Business Administration with 5-8 years of work experience in large and complex database management systems, business intelligence tools and systems. Extensive SAP BO, SAP BW, SAP BI, SAP ERP, SAP R /3, Data Warehousing knowledge and experience. Strong interpersonal and relationship management skills, including the ability to establish rapport with clients and form a full understanding of clientsrsquo business and technology environment. Effective communications skills (verbal and written) with ability to clearly present information and ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to think strategically and adapt as BI /BW tools and methodologies change. Diversified information technology experience and broad knowledge of SAP Modules required. Experience in relevant SAP modules an advantage (Environmental Compliance, EH&S Industrial Hygiene and Safety, EH&S Occupational Health, Audit Management, EHSM Incident Management & Risk Assessment, GRC Risk Management and Process Control). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills oracle sap bi configuration information technology risk management system testing incident management procedures computer science system software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Value Consulting Value Consulting is well over a decade old company, incorporated in the United States, and also having a presence in UK, Europe, Canada, the Middle East, and India. Value Consulting has four key operating domains which include Enterprise Information Technology, HR Consulting, Investment Banking and Management Consulting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details