TITLE: Social Media Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description strong> li> Implement the social media strategy, coordinating with stakeholders across the Company to ensure its effectiveness and encouraging adoption of relevant social media techniques into the corporate culture and into all of the company and clients products and services. li> Work with the Product development team to ensure social media tools (for ex. FB connect, Sharing buttons) are kept up to date. li> Manage social media campaigns and day-to-day activites. Duties include online advocacy, writing editorial, community-outreach efforts, promotions, etc. li> Manage presence in social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, and other similar community sites, posting on relevant blogs, and seeding content into social applications as needed. li> Become an advocate of the Company in social media spaces, engaging in dialogues and answering questions where appropriate. li> Manage a Blogger outreach program and build an active brand ambassador network to spread the word about the company and its clients. li> Monitor effective benchmarks for measuring the impact of social media programs and analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results. li> Regularly feedback insights gained from social media monitoring into the Marketing and Editorial teams, to help them evolve their strategies in a timely fashion. li> Monitor trends in social media tools, trends and applications. li> ul> Requirement strong> li> Strong project management or organisational skills. li> In-depth knowledge and understanding of social media platforms and their respective participants (Facebook, Digg, Youtube, Twitter, Flickr etc. ) and how they can be deployed in different scenarios. li> Knowledge of blogging ecosystem relevant to the Company and its Clients field. li> Ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format, and build and maintain relationships. li> Team player, with the confidence to take the lead and guide team members other departments when necessary. li> Good technical understanding and can pick up new tools quickly. li> Have a good knowledge of basic principles of SEO. li> Public relations, Marketing, Sales, Community Management experience, a plus. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills public relations project management seo product development coordinating monitoring social media ex tools editorial Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Smart Venture Media Group One-stop-shop for all digital solutions We are a cutting-edge digital customer relationship management agency As industry pioneers, we are proud to call ourselves a one-stop-shop for all digital solutions. You name it, we have it. Being the digital arm of Saanvi Holdings Ltd, which is the parent Company of the Group of Companies, we boast of a robust infrastructure, extremely well connected network and strong peer support Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details