TITLE: HR - Talent scout specialist

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities To conceptualize, design and implement talent scouting strategies / initiatives. Invest time in hiring the best and providing them guidelines, resources & authority to succeed. To conceptualize & develop recruitment process & entrance test for all openings in various departments (Sales, Support, Design & Development). You would require to focus strongly on employee relations - establish strong relationships at all levels. Will be responsible for identifying areas of improvements in the HR space - processes, guidelines etc. Experience: 0 to 2 years of relevant HR experience with exposure in the area of Talent Recruitment, Engagement and Retention, Recognition & Reward, Performance Management. Educational Qualifications: Graduate from any field. Master\'s degree or Diploma in Human Resources preferred. Detailed Requirements: Outstanding written and verbal communication skills. Ability to establish strong relationships at all levels throughout the organization. Confident, Creative and someone who takes initiative. A goal-oriented individual with a strong attention to detail. An individual who strives for continuous improvement and meeting or exceeding expectations. Strong analytical and problem solving skills with ability to organize and analyze data. Knowledge of industry best practices and benefits. Benefits & Perks We are passionate about what we do and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. No dress code. T shirts, shorts, jeans, flip flops are just fine. Flexible work hours. We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. We devote 10% of our work time to learn new things. Free around the day snacks & beverages. A carrom board & gaming sessions for unwinding after a hard day\'s work. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun. We go out for picnics, treks, adventure sports, leisure trips & play : cricket, football, chess, pool, kite flying and much more. Purchase of books. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills recruitment diploma hiring retention leisure sports snacks gaming performance management passionate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dongre Technoquip Pvt. Ltd Dquip offers a fully loaded sales software to help you manage your sales, leads, sales follow up, sales quotations, sales targets, sales teams and clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details