TITLE: Web Usability Analyst/Information Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Design and prototype advanced website/software UI/UX concepts for web clients and RIAs. Know how of usability and accessibility standards for web. Facilitating design ideation, prototyping, and usability test efforts Ability to conduct task analyses, usability tests, heuristic evaluations, cognitive walkthroughs, site visits, focus groups and related user research. Using ad-hoc tools and technologies (such as HTML, CSS, VS.NET, Flash) as part of the iterative prototyping-design cycles. Translating user requirements into innovative design sketches, wireframes, prototypes and written specifications as needed to help translate ideas into production. Establishing usability goals for the applications and generating long-term usability plans. Collaborating with software developers, web UI designers, and marketing managers. Including presenting plans, UX designs and scenarios to the management. Directing web UI developers and graphic designers to reach the desired UI UX functionalities. Finding and fixing current usability and UX related errors and flaws in applications. Conducting usability testing during various phases of product development. Developing various types of user scenarios and stories. Introducing new technologies and emerging trends in user interfaces and user experience approaches to the company Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills product development website tools standards ideas interfaces web ui vs net design html css Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Smart Venture Media Group As industry pioneers, we are proud to call ourselves a one-stop-shop for all digital solutions. You name it, we have it. Being the digital arm of Saanvi Holdings Ltd, which is the parent Company of the Group of Companies, we boast of a robust infrastructure, extremely well connected network and strong peer support Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details