TITLE: iOS DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this iOS DEVELOPER (Mumbai) We are looking for an iOS developer responsible for the development and maintenance of applications aimed at a range of iOS devices including mobile phones and tablet computers. Your primary focus will be development of iOS applications and their integration with back-end services. You will be working alongside other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and the creation of quality products is essential. Experience: 1-5 years Location: Mumbai Responsibilities: Design and build applications for the iOS platform Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Skills: Proficient with Swift and Cocoa Touch Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards Understanding of Applersquos design principles and interface guidelines Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications Knack for benchmarking and optimization Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Familiarity with continuous integration Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Wellness / Fitness / Sports Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FITTERNITY Fitternity is an online fitness discovery platform that aims to simplify fitness. Users can find fitness options (from gyms to yoga to zumba, crossfit, personal trainers and more) in their vicinity and get all details (like offerings, photos, reviews, rate card, timings etc.) without stepping outside their house. They can also book unlimited trials (free sessions which are facilitated by Fitternity) till they figure out the right option. From a service provider perspective - Fitternity helps businesses and trainers in generating value through brand awareness, online presence and last-mile conversion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details