TITLE: Social Media Community Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Community Manager ensures daily program requirements are being executed and that overall program goals are being met on a daily, weekly and monthly basis (on schedule and on goal). The Community Manager also proactively ensures issues, successes and key insights are being escalated and reported in a timely manner throughout a client campaign or program. The Community Manager is also responsible for leading and implementing targeted, transparent blogger/ influencer outreach campaigns that strictly adhere to the WOM ethics and best practices. The Community Manager will work with the team to identify relevant and targeted influencers as well as the overall outreach strategy, and he or she will be responsible for outreach, coordination and reporting as it relates to overall client objectives. span> p> p> Provide daily supervision and execution of client campaigns including (and not limited to) social media channel and community management, content creation, digital public relations, promotions, partnerships, blogger and influencer outreach initiatives, online events, etc. li> Work closely with Interactive Producer to ensure campaigns are on strategy, on time and on target. li> Create social programming plans and research audits including (and not limited to) content strategy plans, competition research briefs and digital audits. li> Ensure consistency of messages across multiple networks. li> Serve as community and relationship manager for brands and resolve issues as they arise. li> Create weekly social media program status reports detailing key insights, popular content topics, community quotes (verbatims) and monitoring results; work with analytics team and oversee preparation of metrics, tracking and activity reports as based on client reporting needs. li> 1 to 3 years of account experience, digital and/ or traditional in a PR agency. li> Experience in Community Management and use of social media analytic tools. li> Extensive experience using Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Foursquare, Instagram, Pinterest etc. ) li> Strong team player. li> Outstanding oral and written communication skills. li> Ability to work under pressure while multi-tasking. li> Experience with deadlines and managing timelines effectively. li> Exceptional attention to detail. li> Excellent project management skills. li> ol> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Public Relations Role:Public Relations & Media Relations Manager Keyskills events coordination pr tools public relations social media analytics monitoring detailing facebook Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Brandmovers Brandmovers is a fastgrowing digital marketing agency with offices in India, USA, and UK which develops consumer digital marketing solutions for brands such as Pepsi, Disney, KFC, Armani and MTV. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details