TITLE: Language Co-ordinator-Tamil

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position responsibilities: To handle all kind of Translation, Editing & Proofreading projects from English Tamil language pair in different domain. Coordination with Client & other Translators. Collaborate with production teams to create, implement and maintain appropriate client- or project-specific procedures, solutions, checklists and instructions. Resolve questions and issues in a timely and effective manner for clients, translators and internal teams. Manage the timely flow of all localization project actions from initiation to delivery, ensuring that projects meet quality, turn-around time and budget expectations. Daily Project update to Team Leader. Helps facilitate the Project Manager in the day to day running of projects. To manage Translation Memories. To provide support and input to Sales and external clients, including education about the localization process, as required. To set and manage client expectations. To ensure the accuracy of financial project data, workflows, schedules and processes to maximize efficiency and profitability. Position requirements: Good command over Tamil & English language. Solid PC skills are mandatory. Strong problem-solving skills Quality focussed candidate is desired. Ability to work under pressure in a deadline-driven environment. Familiarity with translation technology software will be preferred. Daily Project update to Project head & customer. Understanding of Globalization concepts such as Unicode, character sets and locales etc. Understanding of Localization concepts such as internationalization, localizability testing and design etc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills procedures pc localization coordination globalization tamil team leader translation work under pressure problem solving skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details