TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : To plan, manage and control all MEP (M&E) project-related activities, including project management, quality control, timely delivery and cost control. To ensure resource are managed and deployed in order to meet project needs, whilst meeting the needs of the business. To lead various teams in delivering design, BIM and CAD projects to our clients worldwide and ensure all team members are appropriately represented. To undertake sales- and marketing-related activities, e. g. organising and providing quotations and marketing material as per requirements. To demonstrate in-depth know-how during client interaction (verbal and written) to ensure smooth flow of technical and project information. EXPERIENCE: Minimum 8-10 years in managing MEP (M&E) / interior design projects, with strong mechanical bias and a very comfortable approach with all aspects of building services (including electrical services). Should have had an extensive exposure to on-site office environment as well as CAD design office environment for large and complex building services projects. QUALIFICATIONS: Candidate must have a Degree or Diploma in MEP or HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) or Electrical Engineering. OTHER SKILLS: Good organisation skills coupled with an ability to prioritise and organise large, complex workloads Good people management skills, written / verbal communication skills (English) and an ability to mentor and motivate team members. Multitasking with an ability and experience in managing multiple tasks and projects. Flexible and open to multiple shifts Familiarity with and experience of working in all disciplines, including architecture, civil and MEP (M&E) engineering). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills cad hvac project management diploma quality control mep air conditioning bim english design projects Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XS CAD India (Pvt.) Limited XS CAD is a UK-based CAD, BIM and MEP (M&E) services provider with an ISO 9001:2008 certified production centre in India. With additional offices in the US, Canada, Australia and the Middle East, we have a global reach that allows us to provide services to customers in a number of geographical locations with the added benefit of local knowledge and expertise. Set up to serve the retail, homebuilder, architectural, building services and construction sectors with high-quality architectural and engineering CAD drafting and BIM solutions, XS CAD is already established as one of the leading pre-construction planning services companies in the UK and in India. We serve a number of leading contractors, architects, engineers, consultants and designers with our AutoCAD drafting, 3D BIM modelling, and BIM coordination services, working either on a dedicated basis or as a part of the CAD outsourcing structure being adopted by many of our clients. Our core skills lie within MEP (M&E) and architectural projects. This allows us to deliver high-quality 3D CAD building models and coordinated drawing solutions that are efficient not only in terms of cost but also for ease of installation and maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details