TITLE: Unica Implementation Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Program/Project management, Define the implementing roadmap for the project & project manage the entire implementation process Participating in the full life cycle implementation of Unica Campaign Management solution suite Tasks include business analysis, functional requirements gathering, process design for campaign management. Creation of work interface with company\'s internal customers, with emphasis on CRM, task priorities, understanding of needs and complexity, recommendations on feasibility of campaign Design and development of marketing campaigns for banking products and services, develop KPIs to track, monitor and measure campaign performance, develop and design reports and dashboard to track campaign performance. Lead and advice client marketing team in implementing the Unica Campaign Management solution. Be responsible for business analysis, technical requirements, requirement gathering, software installation, system configuration, product design, customisation, enterprise application, integration & solution Testing Understand new campaign requirement and develop new functionality in Unica. Manage the development cycle independently Designing, solutioning and executing campaigns on Unica platform. Manage campaign pre-launch testing activities, including UAT with marketing owners Provide marketing and campaign data analytics (OBIEE, Cognos). Deliver periodic Campaign performance reports and results. Work closely with the Data Architecture team to identify bottlenecks and develop a new approach to more efficient campaigns. Operations escalation of platform support issues Participate in MOS for E-marketing campaign goals and performance efficiency. Be the team\'s Technical expert for all areas of responsibility Drive effectiveness and efficiency in work processes and tools. Strong understanding of Campaigns end to end management in Unica marketing automation environment. Must have worked on Unica campaign/flow deployment of a business solution. Proven track record in designing, solutioning and executing campaigns on Unica platform. Must have individually developed more than 10 campaigns and lead more than 20 campaigns. Receiving, processing and managing eCampaign projects on marketing automation platform. Experience working with support and IT organizations to implement fixes and improve operations Functional implementation of Enterprise applications and integration with Marketing Automation solutions. Project and Program management Architect, design, develop and document solutions using UNICA modules and components. Provide estimates for design, coding, unit and integration testing efforts, and post-launch activities Work with the Campaign Manager to ensure all requirements, functional and non-functional, are met Core Skills BE with 8-12 yrs of experience. In-depth knowledge of Business Intelligence solutions and products. Knowledge of Data Warehouse principles, Data Mining and other analytical solutions preferred. Strong consulting experience in Data/Information management, Advanced Analytics and Data Governance preferred. Strong Project Management experience in managing large scale projects Familiar with marketing concepts. Possess a high level of motivation and initiative. Ability to generate clear and accurate documentation. Strong communication and presentation skills required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills operations crm development consulting automation project management tools analytical business intelligence documentation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hansa Customer Equity Pvt. Ltd. With a data-driven marketing thinking and strategy, we help companies build intelligent, intuitive and real-time customer relationships. We enable this by leveraging the power of technology through proprietary and best-in-class marketing automation and analytics platforms. Our data consultants understand and unify data from multiple sources. Our analysts and customer marketing specialists glean out insights and understanding of our client\'s customers or prospects. Our campaign management and digital marketing consultants then move-in to create meaningful engagement opportunities in a multi-channel environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details