TITLE: Urgent Job Opening for the Position of Technician

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience true luxury by working for luxury cars sector in Mumbai with Auto Hangar Group- Dealer for Honda premium cars. Auto Hangar group is looking for passionate and dynamic individuals to join our group's expanded set-up for our Honda vertical. Position : Technician Job Location: Goregaon / Andheri (E) /Kanjurmarg No of Positions: 5 Qualification- ITI / Mechanical/Automobile Diploma/ BE Automobile/Mechanical. Documents to bring - Updated Resume & Last Drawn Salary Proof. Address : 35, Saki Vihar Road, Chandivali,, Andheri (E),, MUMBAI, Maharashtra - 400072, India Regards Rohan Samant Salary:INR 90,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Automobile, Mechanical, Diploma - Any Specialization, Engineering, Mechanical, Vocational Course PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Auto Hangar India Pvt Ltd Auto Hangar (India) Pvt Ltd, established in 1991 by the J.V.Mariwala group, is a leading automobile dealership group in West India. Since our inception, Auto Hangar group has been dedicated to servicing the needs of the auto-enthusiasts by providing them with a range of high-end imported cars and Luxury cars. In addition to an exciting offering of luxury cars, we also cater to our esteemed clientele & customers by attending to their requirements with impeccable after sales service and genuine spare parts for all the vehicles sold through the dealership.What sets us apart from the others is our team spirit and team work. Over the last twenty years, Auto Hangar group has invested in building up a dedicated team of professionals to look after the demanding needs of luxury vehicle owners. Each individual is valued for distinctive abilities, experience and perspective they bring. We believe in ourselves and the people working with us, together as a family, we work towards one common goal across all functions, i.e. customer delight.At Auto Hangar, we believe in providing the best to all our customers, be it services during sales, after-sales services or support functions.Today, the Auto Hangar Group has amassed a considerable following and achieved an undisputed Numero Uno status with a range of world-class brands under its flagship company.We value our employees and provide them with the best working environment with seniors extending their support, regular and healthier cross functional interactions and meeting with the top Management Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details