TITLE: System Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Design, setup, and configure server hardware, operating systems, applications, utilities and other server related infrastructure for various projects and technology refresh activities in an enterprise class environment. Handle hardware issues in HP/ IBM/ Dell Servers/ Open hardware servers. Assembling servers and storage hardware. Upgrade, maintain, and administer existing VMware, Windows, and Linux server infrastructure. Provide support for the server infrastructure. Work closely with various IT and business teams to resolve issues in a timely manner. Provide operating system and other environmental support for VMware, Windows, and Linux server based applications. Maintain server infrastructure security using internal policies, standards and procedures for patching and configuration compliance. Perform periodic audit and security related tasks designed to ensure role based access to server environment and domain Configuration and Management of Application/ OS Cluster server setup Linux / Opensource environment. Review Monthly Report. Provide solution for abnormal system performance reported in Monthly Report. Perform Exchange Server/ Environment tuning activities where appropriate. Make recommendations to improve health of the system where necessary. Ensure that all documentation for the systems (AD, DNS, DHCP, Messaging Architecture, Mail Flow diagrams) is updated after changes. Provide on- call support as scheduled (Shared Delivery) . Experience and Qualifications: Worked on HP / IBM / DELL etc. servers. Good Understanding on server and storage hardware design and components with respect to Open View server, storage is preferred. Experience on various backup technology and backup hardware. Working Knowledge of Clusters, and backup/ restore Good Knowledge of Server Hardware/ RAID, SAN, Backup Applications. Develop, maintain and adhere to systems documentation for the server infrastructure. Strong knowledge and experience on Linux. Analyst will be expected to operate either independently or as part of a larger team. Analyst will be expected to work flexible hours based on the organizational needs and be available to be on- call on a rotational basis Hardware: Enterprise class Intel based server hardware including server blades, RAID and SAN Technology such as those from IBM, HP, Dell, EMC, NetApp, Open view Architecture. Virtualization/ Multi- Win: VMware, HyperV, Openstack, Opensource virtualization technologies. . Operating systems: Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008, and Linux Operating systems. Network Protocols & Services: Including but not limited to TCP/ IP, IPV6, DNS, DHCP, WINS, SMTP, WWW and FTP. Infrastructure tools and applications: Security and configuration management, Anti- virus, systems monitoring, and backup software. Scripting: Developing scripts using Windows command interpreter, VBscript, PowerShell, and Python. Clustering: (Linux, VMWare, Openstack) Minimum 8 years of experience working Bachelorrsquos degree, preferably in Computer Science or MIS. RedHat and VMware certification preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atos Pvt Ltd Atos Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details