TITLE: Medical Transcriptionist

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirement of Medical Transcriptionists, Sr. MTs, Editors, Proof Readers, QAs, QCs and Â HBTs for Chennai , Hyderabad and for all over India By Sanpra Infotech Pvt Ltd. Â Work from home option is also available. Exp : 2 to 20Â yrs Job Description Maintaining specified format of files as per client requirement. Handling different work type including Clinic Note, History and Physical, Consultation, Progress Note, Followup Note, Discharge Summary, Operative Note, and Procedure Note. Should be capable of handling multiple accounts and be enthusiastic to work in a fast-paced environment Working on different specializations; Orthopedics, Rheumatology, Pulmonology, Neuroscience, Cardiology, and OB/GYN, & Psychiatry. For MTs, good transcription skills are mandatory with multispeciality experience. DIRECT UPLOADERS with experience in Psychiatry files will be given much preference. PRs must edit any kind of work, i.e. Directly Upload speech recognition files and Proofread the files manually transcribed files as per the need. For QAs/QCs with multispeciality experience with at least 2-4 years prior experience as in the same position is mandatory. Reaching daily target of assigned lines or minutes, in fact achieving more than target. Achieving file accuracy of 98.5% and above. Achieving monthly target well in advance and hence capable of doing more lines. Uploading the file before its TAT. Working on tools used in the field of medical transcription, i.e. Stedman's Medical Dictionary, Quick Look, Word Web, and certain sites for physician related information. Email your profile to hr@sanprainfotech.com / hrsanpra@gmail.com Salary:INR Fixed Salary + Performance incentive + night shift allowance + annual increment+ Life Insurance + Accidental insurance coverage Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Other Role:Medical Transcriptionist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SanPra Infotech Pvt Ltd Company ProfileSanpra Infotech Pvt Ltdhttp://www.Sanpra.comSANPRA Infotech Pvt Ltd is a Chennai based company providing reliable, accurate and cost-effective medical transcription services to MTSOs, clinics, hospitals and physician practices throughout the United States. Our professional team brings the experience of over 12 years of medical transcription services management to benefit the clients' needs. We provide 24x7 service and we believe that all our clients' are entitled to superior medical transcription services, whether the client represents the largest MTSO or a single physician practice, we offer uniform personalized and high quality service. Our commitment to the need of integrating technology with the transcription services has been the key to meet our clients demand. Our team provides the client with flexible and scalable services to meet their individual and changing requirements and support clients of individual practice, group practice, clinics, small, mid-size hospitals and MTSOs. Our mission is to become the most preferred service provider for healthcare organizations worldwide for outsourcing all their back office work. We plan to stay focused on the healthcare domain to build and employ cutting-edge, HIPAA compliant workflow and knowledge management technologies. In India, we are head quartered at Chennai. Contact Details:Name: Suma MathaiDesignation: Head - HR & AdminSanpra Infotech Pvt Ltd"Singhvi Towers",3rd floorNo.9, Nyniappa Naicken StreetPark Town, Chennai 600003www.sanpra.com Tel: 044-25353254Mobile : 9789496649 email: hr@sanprainfotech.com / hrsanpra@gmail.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details