TITLE: Subscription Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Strategy fixing and selling Subscription for our various publications. Planning and Executive various incentive and promotional schemes to increase subscriptions. Work on various kinds of cross promotions barter deals to increase magazine visibility and subscription. Responsible for compliance related to TDS, Service Tax, ESIC etc Traveling to various cities countries and exhibitions to sell subscriptions promote magazine. Maintaining & updating subscriberrsquos information. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Direct Marketing Executive Keyskills selling exhibitions promotional tds maintaining esic service tax executive strategy planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Peppermint Communications Pvt Ltd Add that freshness and zing to your Brand with Peppermint Communications - an integrated communication consultancy, offering a spectrum of services like Advertising, Branding, Events & Promotions, Publishing, Corporate Films and Web & Multimedia. Established in 2002 by Mr. Yusuf Dohadwala, Peppermint distinctly recognizes the role of a BRAND in today\'s times and the crucial process of nurturing it through consistent communication modules across media. Peppermint Communications currently houses a squad of management experts and brand consultants who furnish your brand with sales generating ideas and marketing strategies, Unconventional ideas, result-oriented approach and hawk- eyed research analysis makes this young team an unstoppable force for your BRAND. In a nutshell, Peppermint believes in conceptualizing communication strategies that don\'t just give companies a cosmetic makeover but more! If you think you\'d like to add some freshness to spice up your brand then do let us know. We\'re sure our flavors will work wonders for your brand too Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details