TITLE: Content Writers

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Responsibilities- Writing & editing content to ensure it meets the product standards for accuracy and style (checking spelling, grammar, coherence; imposing consistent style; resolving research Ensuring timely and quality deliverables Revising documents according to the feedback(if any) Strong editorial skills - excellent grammar & punctuation High attention to detail and ability to effectively manage multiple projects. Websites, newsletter, journals, research papers. Research reports on Technology-related topics. Responsible for editing content. Editing research reports. Desired Skills & Experience Desired Attributes Experience 2-6yrs in Technical writing and SEO writing and editing preferred. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with a thorough knowledge of English language- grammar, spelling, punctuation, and usage Behavioural Skills: Curious, disciplined, self starter, fast learner Good interpersonal skills, positive attitude. Good Communication skills (spoken & written) is a must Experience: 2 - 6 Years Education: BE/BTech/MCA/BA/BSc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills content writing technical writing editorial ba grammar btech mca documents standards editing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CorpCampus Technologies CorpCampus is formed to evolve the Information Technologists in India, by inculcating the innovative thought process into their preparedness for next gen business need of corporate India. We seed the innovation in each engineer and facilitate them to earn the employability, and excel in their career alley. Indian IT ecosystem has matured to realize the importance of innovation, inventions and product creation and most of the IT organizations has taken serious steps to facilitate the idea generations and its implementation inside the organizations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details