TITLE: Unified Communication Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position is responsible for planning, and implementing VoIP consulting engagements. The candidate will set goals, monitor work, and evaluate results to ensure objectives and operating requirements are met and are in line with the needs and mission of the organization. Although the primary focus of this position is to implement and support VoIP installations, the candidate may also be tasked with general network support and build- outs including security, routing, switching, wireless, and other network related duties. The candidate will also be required to provide mentoring, training, and support for the sales staff. Skill 1. Implement successfully Unified Communications projects on Avaya, Exchange, Lync 2. Work with customer and partner sales and technical teams to prospect and develop Unified Communications sales, design, installation, and support opportunities 3. Responsible for design, staging, configuration, implementation, and support for VoIP installations as necessary 4. Attend and participate in internal and customer meetings 5. Continue personal development 6. Performs other duties as assigned by management Other Skills 1. Ability to reason and think logically 2. Strong attention to detail in regards to project planning and documentation 3. Strong organizational and sales skills 4. Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and with written documentation 5. Exceptional work ethic 6. Display willingness to help others, a pleasant personality, a courteous manner, and a professional demeanor ^Top 7. Ability to apply judgment, implement solutions, and resolve conflicts, all in a multi- tasked environment 8. Ability to assist sales in a highly competitive field Desired 1. Cisco CCNA 2. Microsoft MCSE - preferably in MS Exchange 3. Flexible to travel on short notice Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Everest IT Services Pvt. Ltd. Everest IT Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details