TITLE: PHP Web developer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities: raquo Development of scalable web based application using code php, MySQL. raquo Capable of handling large number of concurrent requests on all the application developed. raquo Proficient in writing client side JS with cross-browser compatibility. raquo Worked on frameworks, Should have sound knowledge on client and server side Validation. raquo Knowledge about Caching techniques and htaccess rules. raquo Strong knowledge of OOPs Programming with PHP5.x standards. raquo Hands-on experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, JSON etc raquo Good knowledge of RDBMS(MySQL or PostgreSQL) raquo Experience on Version control tools using SVN/GIT. raquo Experience in common third-party APIs (google, facebook, ebay etc) & developing web services raquo Knowledge of javascript library like jQuery, PrototypeJS. raquo Strong debugging, troubleshooting and analytical skill. raquo Knowledge of Website Optimization, scalability and MongoDB will be an added advantage. raquo Experience of light weight mobile(WAP) sites will be an added advantage. raquo Good understanding of internet architecture and MVC architecture. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development server handling wap troubleshooting php third party git mysql facebook Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ant Farm Ant Farm was born with the vision that it is possible to create a perfect company that consistently churns out perfect companies. We dont discriminate on real talent because of the lack of a degree, we dont create drones, we understand that each individual needs to be truly empowered and supported to bloom and deliver, more importantly we believe in wealth creation for the teams that toil day and night to build these great companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details