TITLE: Assistant Vice President - Occupier Solutions

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Role: 1. Business Strategy & Development Responsible for development of Business Generation strategy for his/her team in the region. Responsible for identifying & nurturing key corporate relationships (CRE Heads, CFO, Admin Head) . To screen potential Transactions by analyzing Transaction requirements, potential, and financials. Responsible to achieve targets through new business generation and expanding the business through referrals. Build partnerships with developers & Investors. 2. Leadership To lead, develop and motivate a team of Transaction Managers. 2YP-Responsible for Teamrsquos annual business targets & generation of business for next financial year. To support the Performance Management process by ensuring Goal setting exercise. 3. Transaction Management To plan & oversee the Transaction process-preparation of RFP, Option Sourcing, Client Presentations, Site Inspections , Negotiations & Legal .Closure To oversee & guide team in preparation of Client presentations, financials (cash flows) . To prepare RFP templates for clients. To ensure comprehensive market coverage whilst proposing suitable options to clients. 4. Operations & Processes Ensure implementation of SOP and compliance with processes in consultation with the Associate Director - OSG. Responsible for customer satisfaction by achieving delivery and service quality norms focused on achieving business excellence. Responsible for client relationship management. 5. Management Information/Reporting Monthly, Annual and any need based MIS that may be required for any Review. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills mis quality sourcing options cre business strategy rfp business excellence performance management sop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Knight Frank LLP Knight Frank LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details