TITLE: UI/UX Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose: Responsible for user experience of a product for delighting users with designs that inspire, engage and excite them. Key Responsibilities Create user personae, storyboards, information architecture and navigation design based on broader plans and guidelines. Create detailed wireframe covering various scenarios along with web-friendly error and help messaging. Identify and examine various data points required for the interaction design elements to work. Identify and define information hierarchy and objectives module wise Produce high-quality visual design screens- from concept to execution for web and mobile platform Develop design rationale and explain visual choices to cross-functional teams - express concepts verbally and visually Maintain and follow the version and change control process for user experience deliverables. Key Measures User satisfaction and feedback Increase in conversion / pass through rates Increased amount of time spent by users Objective based benchmarking with competing products Person Overview Qualifications: Training / Certification in Usability / User Experience Experience: 4 Years in Web / Software / Mobile based Products Essential Attributes Proficient use of any of wireframe creation software, Photoshop & Illustrator Hands on experience in interaction and interface design for a web / software / mobile based product Key Competencies Deep understanding of user-centric design principles and trends including typography, iconography, color, space and texture. Keen observer and attention to detail Inter-personal communication skills Flow Presentation skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills UI UX Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Just Dial Justdial Ltd is India\'s No.1 Local Search Engine Company. Its offices are present in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Ahmedabad, Coimbatore, Jaipur and Chandigarh. The company has employee strength of approximately 8000 employees. The company offers its services all over India and the USA and has it\'s presence on Phone, Web, WAP, SMS and Mobile. The company provides a good work environment with immense growth opportunities. It also offers benefits like Gratuity, Mediclaim, ESIC etc. For more information about the company you can visit the \'About Us\' page of this website Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details