TITLE: SEO- Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SEO Executive Role Description: The SEO Executive will work on key strategic SEO projects Job Description:- Developing and implementing effective SEO/SEM strategies with the goal of producing high organic rankings on major search engines and generating increased targeted web traffic. Working on advanced on-page and off-page SEO techniques. Knowledge of Social Media and its use in Online Marketing. Implementing optimized titles, meta tags, internal linking & content optimization Strategizing positive and intelligent link building with strong hold of social media marketing to couple it with SEO strategies. Reporting to Team Lead on the overall SEO health of our Brands and products and coming up with innovative ideas to remain active on SEO aspects and compete with our competitions on an ongoing basis. Working on Reputation Management. Delivering projects on time, meeting all requirements; detail-oriented and capable of tracking multiple projects without sacrificing quality. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Optimisation /SEO Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Description:-3-5 years of core SEO experiencePost Graduates/ Graduates or Diploma holdersExcellent command over written and spoken English languageExperience in optimizing eCommerce websites.Should know how to generate reports with tools like Advanced Web Ranking, Google webmaster tools or similar Organic Search tools. Should be creative in developing contents which is a key aspect of SEO. Experience in Reputation Management.Proficient with Project Management concepts and tools including all digital Projects.Key Skill:-On page, off page, online marketing, advanced web ranking, reputation management, google AdWords, internal linking, Meta tag, content optimization, intelligent link building, Company Profile: Avenues India Pvt Ltd Avenues' solutions are used by 85% of India's eCommerce companies. You name it; the best retail brands, shopping websites, hotels, travel agents, event management companies and thousands of eCommerce businesses in India; they all rely upon Avenues for their eCommerce needs. At Avenues you will get an unmatched exposure to multiple business models and to financial domains which will lay a strong foundation for a successful career in the Internet industry. We are a 14 year old company driven by a 270 member team that is full of enthusiasm and youthful energy. We love being the No. 1 Company in our business (in all of south Asia!) and we work hard to keep that position intact. Our office is centrally located; it is at a walking distance from the railway station in St. Cruz-West in Mumbai. We offer a lively and friendly work environment where we work as hard as we play. To know more about avenues log onto www.avenues.info Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details