TITLE: Business Development Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required: Willingness to work for US Pre-Sales department. Candidates open for Night Shifts Good Researcher. Market mapping Coordinating with the clients. Excellent communication skills. Job Description: Generating high quality leads focused towards business opportunities. Initiating first & second level meetings /Demonstration with key decision makers with US Sales Representative. Building strong network with the clients, Cold calling /Tele-Marketing for possible business opportunities including Post-Event Campaign, Pre-Event Campaigns & Webinars. Selling ERP, BI&A and DW, Overall IT Services /Staffing services, etc Research & analysis - Market research, Company Research etc. Developing product strategy and positioning, including the development of product road maps, detailed product requirements and pricing Interacting with customers and the marketplace to gain an understanding of their needs, issues and business problems, and translating those into product strategy and deliverables. Making Product presentation as per the customers requirement for the Demonstration Updating Demo Calendar for the Team. Making sure to take part in Every demo for the Team and record the Session and also update the recording in the Common Folder. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business development pre sales selling cold calling market research erp staffing it services pricing positioning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Value Consulting Value Consulting offers cloud based software consultancy and development services for industries such as finance, retail, automotive, construction etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details