TITLE: Compliance Officer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Directi, through its various businesses, provides volume based mass-market Internet products to millions of customers worldwide. Our portfolio includes a vast range of web based products such as Domain names, web and email hosting, digital certificates, payment gateways and many others that enable millions of individuals and organizations setup and maintain their online presence. Due to its ubiquity and anonymous nature, Internet is often used as a medium for a variety of generally harmful and often illegal activities such as spamming, identity theft, financial fraud, perpetration of viruses/malware etc. As a Compliance Officer you will be the primary contact for all Compliance and fraudulent transactions related issues reported on our website. Your ultimate responsibility is to ensure that the products and services provided by Directi are not used as tools for malicious actions. Review and analyze transactions as part of the Risk mitigation process. Verify and scrutinize documents sent across as proof of payments and account ownership. Ensure that all products provisioned by our brands are compliant with ICANN guidelines. Processing Arbitration cases related to domain names registered through us. Resolving ownership disputes with respect to our products and services. Monitor resource utilization of products and services to ensure adherence to our AUP. Daily operations involving documentation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Compliance Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A, B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required General Requirements: Age: 27 or lesser Experience: 0-2 years in Customer Service or similar capacity, preferably on an IT platform. Educational Qualifications: Graduate from any stream. Any Engineering or BSc (IT or Computers) preferred. Detailed Requirements: Impeccable communication skills. Good working knowledge of computer and internet; strong ability to develop new skills. Inclination to know about online threats and scams. Logical and analytical thought process, with a penchant for solving complex problems. Good investigative skills and strong attention to details. Highly motivated and energetic team player, with excellent interpersonal skills. Must be willing to work in shifts. Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details