TITLE: Director, SAP Solutions

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience An exceptional understanding of SAP Enterprise EPR with proven ability to design and develop custom business solutions Work in a high pressure situations during incidents Internal or external client management experience Offshore/Onshore delivery model Proven track record of Global SAP implementation and ongoing support Proven track record of providing world call SAP support in global organization In-depth expertise of SAP module - FICO, SD. MM, HCM, ESS, MSS, ECM, SRM, BW/BI Payroll and Portal A solid understanding of complimentary products and solutions Exceptional communication skills, strong customer presentation skills, proposal development skills, and outstanding leadership abilities Excellent people skills with history on managing large teams. Experience in a sales or practice development role with proposal development responsibility Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate with all levels of business both verbally and in writing. Ability to lead complete software development lifecycle, including analysis, design, configuring, programming and unit testing. Ability to work independently with users, partners, and executives to provide world class SAP services. QUALIFICATIONS Key Qualifications Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science, Information Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Minimum 15 years development experience, 10 years of which is in the management and operational support of SAP ERP. Expertise in SAP ERP and CRM Technologies Finance and HR background a plus Experience in the following areas: Good knowledge of SAP products Managing and coaching implementation and support team Experience managing a geographically distributed technical team Offshore lead in a Offshore/Onshore model Direct Audit and SOX responsibilities Capability to handle day to day end user support, SLA management and release management Expertise in Installation / maintenance of SAP Technical customization of SAP ERP with solid ABAP skills User administration, content administration & system administration tasks Setup and management of Solution manager CHARM, monitoring and Transport landscape Import and Export Using Transport packages Good understanding of Infrastructure components - Hardware, OS, Network Good knowledge and understanding of system development lifecycle and its implications on BAU service Good knowledge and understanding of incident management protocols and procedures Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills service crm client management srm payroll mm portal monitoring offshore coaching Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details