TITLE: Senior Development Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mandatory Requirement At least 5+ years of Technical resource management with technical hands on experience in a product development role in software engineering. Must be managing a team size of 30 members of coders, developers, QAs, etc. Job Description The Sr. Technical Manager works with Business leaders, product management team, business stakeholders in understanding the product strategy, product roadmap to deliver on the strategy. Product Roadmap and Process: Develop a detailed understanding of the Product Business. Comprehending the product roadmap and their impacts to the users. Experience in developing the Operational plan and identify/ address the capacity requirements to delivery on the roadmap. Lead technical, design and architecture discussions as part of coming up with a solution for the roadmap items and come up with a delivery plan working with his/ her own team (user stories, estimates, sprint planning etc.) Participate in Agile/ Sprint ceremonies. Good hands on experience of product release management using source code control/ build automation tools. People Management: Mentor, coach to Develop and help the associates in Career Planning, engaging the associates, Engage with the associates and help them in setting/ resetting the priorities for the sprint level execution. Focus on continuous assessment and provide constructive feedback to the team members. Propose / Suggest viable technical solutions to Product Management and/ or users for validation. Plan and Execute Product deliverables based on Agile Sprint Principles Set goals, objectives timelines are met in accordance with product roadmap. Ensure the quality is met for all product deliverables. Participate in the validation / acceptance phase of the product cycle ensuring the fine- tuning necessary to finalize the product. Ensure necessary software documents for the application are produced, Like functional and technical documents. Take ownership for the Product / Module and ensure the complete delivery till production environment. Identify the new areas of technical improvements on mobile and provide necessary support to get those ideas / improvements in the product. Report on status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management. Develop the long- term strategy for your programs and translate that into an achievable road map. Desired Skills Strong Experience in Agile- Scrum product development methodology and experience as Scrum Master. Knowledgeable across multiple functional areas such as product management, engineering, UI, customer support, IT Significant Experience in managing offshore development centers (Dev/ QA/ Support etc. Problem Solving skills and ability to swim in ambiguity. Strong verbal communications, cross- group collaboration skills, analytical, structured and strategic thinking. High Confidence levels, ability to take ownership accountability with focus on the end result. Should have good analytical and problem solving skills. Exposure to developing creative solutions and identifying the MVPs for a sprint will be an added advantage. Should have very good understanding on Architectural landscape, Design Skills, Java, JSF, Java Script frameworks like D3, Sigma for BigData visualization, JBOSS/ WebLogic, Oracle, Big Data Frameworks Hadoop. Excellent stakeholder management skills, able to manage up, down, across and challenge status quo. Sound knowledge and Working experience on Java, Servlets, JSP, JSF, Java Script Frameworks D3, Sigma, Angular JS for BigData Visualization, JBOSS/ WebLogic, Oracle, BigData Frameworks Hadoop, Oracle, Graph / No SQL DB Neo4j, Titan, Mongo. Seasoned people manager who has led engineering teams and consistently delivered high quality software solutions with a strong customer and business focus on time. Thrive on tackling very hard problems. You have great problem- solving skills and have many years of hands- on software development skills. You are an excellent communicator, both verbal and written, and equally adept at communicating upwards and downwards. You are curious, love to dive deep and collect data to make well informed decisions, but use sound judgment in face of insufficient data. You keep abreast of the latest technology developments and drive your teams to innovate. Educational Qualification B.E/ B.Tech/ MCA/ M.Sc from a reputed institute. Experience Should have 10 to 15 years of Experience in software development minimum 5 years in team management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xalted Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. Xalted Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details