TITLE: Team Lead - Network Quality

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this --> Location: Mumbai, India About Us Directi is a group of businesses , providing various web products and services to millions of global users. Directi businesses include ResellerClub , LogicBoxes , .pw , Answerable.com , and Skenzo . We are 1200 people strong, spread across 5 offices in 5 countries. We are rapidly expanding our sales and marketing focus across various locations worldwide. Business Unit Media.net is a premium contextual advertising company that utilizes superior analysis and classification algorithms to dynamically identify and deliver the most relevant and engaging ads on a web page. Our technology is able to uniquely blend contextual analysis with behavior data, audience profiling, demographic information and historical performance metrics to substantially enhance value for both web publishers and advertisers. Web publishers typically end up utilizing other contextual ad networks for unsold back-fill inventory or below-the-fold positions due to low yields and lack of customization. Our publisher program is specifically designed to generate substantially higher eCPM\'s for high quality publishers and hence focuses only on premium front-fill inventory. What is the Job Like? Being one of the largest advertising networks, we are very particular about the nature and quality of publishers we work with. Right from the publisher sign-up process our Quality and Compliance Teams are actively involved towards ensuring our quality standards and policies are complied with. As a Team Lead with the Network Quality team, you are a gatekeeper to the business and will be responsible for the following - Operational Responsibilities: Build processes for approving publisher accounts On-going review of and communication with publishers for strict compliance of our policies Carry out specific quality tests for identifying abuse of policy Analyze very large volumes of data of our publishers to interpret traffic patterns and analyze traffic performance to identify and mitigate abuse Work with internal teams to resolve compliance cases Build MIS reports from internal databases and CRM for presentation to senior management Assist the business teams in any support related processes Create and maintain extensive documentation for internal knowledge base Monitor traffic patterns of the Affiliates accounts and report any abnormal activities identified Management Responsibilities: Create and mentor a team of Traffic Quality and Compliance Analysts to assist with various functions within the team Create processes for scalability and growth of the team and business in general Build MIS reports of on-going compliance and findings for presentation to senior management Liaise with multiple functional teams including Accounting, Legal, Product and Business Development teams to develop and enforce policy standards Any responsibilities that will ensure high standards of quality and compliance across our platforms to maintain our current levels of growth Who should apply for this roles? 2-4 yrs experienced Graduate (preference for BS/BE graduates) or individuals with a background in Ad Traffic Quality analysis You are a meticulous, target-driven and analytical individual that loves working with numbers and large data sets Mentored and managed teams of 5-10 people Fast learner and a good team player Good investigative skills and strong attention to details Have a good grasp on MS Excel Strong passion for the Internet and technology Good oral/written communication skills Self-motivated and a logical creative thinker Benefits & Perks Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee-shirts are a-ok!). We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency? We are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting-edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip-flops to work), then we want to get to know you! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Team Lead - Network Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details