TITLE: Openings for SAP FICO @ MNC Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune Location

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Consultant/Lead Consultant Exp: 6-10 Yrs Location: Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune Interview Location : Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune SAP FICO - (Mumbai) Description Desired candidate profile: 4+ Years of FICO Experience Job description: 5+ Years of FICO Experience with good communication skills and technical competency. Knowledge on configuration, Upgrade testing, review data provided from UK, India related requirements, Interface /integration testing, Build hierarchy, support to BW, troubleshooting, UAT support, cutover activities. SAP FICO - (Bangalore) Description Desired candidate profile: At least 2 end to end implementations or 3 years of strong SAP FI/CO support experience. Total 10 (Plus) years of SAP project management and implementation/Rollout experience. Job description: Work experience at client site. Total 10 (Plus) years of SAP project management and implementation/Rollout experience. SAP Savvy, person should have the ability to find alternative solutions or workarounds in case of issues. Should have at least 5 years of Functional experience in FI and CO At least 2 end to end implementations or 3 years of strong SAP FI/CO support experience. Knowledge of Business processes from standard SAP . Knowledge of Finance Module including Asset Accounting Knowledge of Costing and Profitability Analysis Should be well conversant with data migration/cutover activities. Knowledge of client communication. Should be able to handle team. Onsite offshore experience. Good knowledge of integration of FI/CO with MM, SD and PP modules. SAP FICO - (Pune) Description Desired candidate profile: At least 2 end to end implementations or 3 years of strong SAP FI/CO support experience. Total 10 (Plus) years of SAP project management and implementation/Rollout experience. Job description: Work experience at client site. Total 10 (Plus) years of SAP project management and implementation/Rollout experience. SAP Savvy, person should have the ability to find alternative solutions or workarounds in case of issues. Should have at least 5 years of Functional experience in FI and CO At least 2 end to end implementations or 3 years of strong SAP FI/CO support experience. Knowledge of Business processes from standard SAP . Knowledge of Finance Module including Asset Accounting Knowledge of Costing and Profitability Analysis Should be well conversant with data migration/cutover activities. Knowledge of client communication. Should be able to handle team. Onsite offshore experience. Good knowledge of integration of FI/CO with MM, SD and PP modules. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: vCentric Technologies Pvt. Ltd. VZEN Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details