TITLE: Manager Deals & Promotions

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We require a sharp and dynamic manager who has an eye for detail The Manager will be responsible for setting strategies for website development and growth based on traffic & SEO. Conceptualize, execute and manage Social Media Marketing initiatives, CPC campaigns, E-mail Marketing, Online Deals & Promotions, Coupons and Viral Marketing. Traffic building across product verticals using analytics to map, analyze user data, interpret online userrsquos behavior, and measuring ROI across the digital media. Setting strategies and managing SEM, PPC, Affiliate marketing, Online Branding & PR, Lead Generation, Blogs, Forums, Webinars, Mobile marketing to achieve higher page views and unique visitors. Work closely with the content, design, production, quality assurance and IT teams to ensure a high-quality customer experience. Managing media buying and tracking online campaigns. Identify, Execute and Manage potential business alliances. Identifying high-growth and high-revenue opportunities and taking a lead on executing them. Ensuring growth of traffic, revenue, conversion rate and revenue per visitor (RPV). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills development pr seo website sem analytics social media marketing ppc digital media business alliances Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GoOutsource GoOutsource is one of the leading providers of outsourcing services. With an experience of working for numerous clients, we have achieved unsurpassed business and technological expertise. Our sole motto is to build an extensive base of knowledge to deliver services that cater client needs as well as business expectations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details