TITLE: Front End developer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The ideal candidate will have expert knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript & Jquery and will have the ability to take detailed mockups from the Design team and turn them into pixel-perfect, CSS-based static and dynamic HTML pages Key Responsibilities / Performance Requirements: Sharp front-end programming skills combined with an eye for simplicity and user experience will serve as the foundation for success in this role. raquo Generate pixel-perfect web pages from high fidelity mock ups created in Photoshop. raquo Assets to be regularly produced include product features, product landing pages, website pages and HTML/Text emails. raquo The candidate should be comfortable working with various individuals and groups including external creative agencies, marketing, e-commerce, product teams. raquo Ensure pages are nimble, usable, browser compatible and responsive in design. raquo Attention to detail and ability to ask for clarification on mock ups. raquo Self-motivated and able to manage and deliver on multiple projects. Qualifications / Required Skills: raquo 3 years experience developing with JavaScript, HTML, XHTML, CSS raquo Experience with Adobe Photoshop / other image editing software raquo Knowledge of JQuery and JS toolkits. raquo Expertise in the latest front-end technologies (ie. HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Design, etc) raquo Experience building and maintaining large sites. raquo Ability to perform in a deadline-driven environment raquo An entrepreneurial spirit, pride of ownership, outgoing personality and passion for online design and simplicity will make an ideal addition to our team. raquo Some experience with XML, Magento and other CMS systems is desirable. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: To Apply: Please respond to the job posting with both a resume and cover letter in Word format, outlining how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the position and stating how you heard about the opportunity. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills assets website static front end cms html xml javascript maintaining magento Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ant Farm Ant Farm was born with the vision that it is possible to create a perfect company that consistently churns out perfect companies. We dont discriminate on real talent because of the lack of a degree, we dont create drones, we understand that each individual needs to be truly empowered and supported to bloom and deliver, more importantly we believe in wealth creation for the teams that toil day and night to build these great companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details