TITLE: TERRITORY SALES INCHARGE

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION 1. Achieve sales & collection targets - To achieve sales targets directly, through distributors, dealers, wholesalers, institutions and long arm sales personnel. To introduce new products & monitor sales of products regularly. To ensure timely collection of payments. To execute the distribution plan of the territory. To accompany distributor sales personnel for order booking on a pre-determined cycle. 2. Manage channel partners - Network Expansion - appointment of new dealers & distributors. To maintain and nurture good business relations with distributors and retail trade partners and negotiate as per BEL terms. Establish stock norms with distributors per market and ensure stocking levels and replenishment. Monitor second sales of distributors and dealers. Ensure Product merchandising. Ensure timely settlement of claims of channel partners. 3. Competitor Analysis - To provide market information and feedback on competitor schemes / offerings to internal teams. Collect data from market about market share, industry growth and consumer preferences. 4. Sales Administration - To provide product knowledge and on-the-job training to distributor sales personnel. To provide monthly report on each distributor in the territory. Ensure implementation of schemes by distributors. To implement Sales promotion campaigns, product launches, demonstrations, displays etc. Regular visit to institutions. KEY COMPETENCIES Selling Skills Business Acumen Analytical Skills Product Knowledge Forecasting & Planning Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills sales promotion channel partners selling skills institutions forecasting payments claims business acumen distributors product merchandising Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bajaj Electricals Ltd Website http://www.bajajelectricals.com/ Industry Consumer Goods - Other (Electricals- Lighting, Wires, Switches, Fans) Company Turnover 5000 - 10000 Crores Company Size 10001 - 10001 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details