TITLE: Assistant Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key areas of responsibility Achieving Individual Sales Targets and for the team (if applicable) Plans, organizes, directs, controls and coordinates the sales and marketing activities within an organization. Responsible for developing a business plan covering sales, revenue, and expense controls, meeting agreed targets. Improves product marketability and profitability by researching, identifying, and capitalizing on market opportunities. Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends. Accomplishes marketing and sales objectives by planning, developing, implementing, and evaluating; developing field sales action plans. Maintaining detailed knowledge of the companyrsquos products or services and keeping abreast of what competitors are doing Give presentation and demonstrations to the prospective client. Desired Skills & Experience Qualifications Sales experience required 2- 4yrs Good communication and people skills High energy, motivating, and team building skills Self- reliant, works with minimum supervision Stable work history Strong analytical, legal/business research and writing skills. Effective reading comprehension skills and ability to quickly identify legal and business issues. Ability to prioritize and meet critical deadlines. Flexibility necessary to adapt to changing business demands. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business research maintaining sales marketing activities people skills marketing and sales team building skills sales and marketing writing skills experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manupatra Information Solutions Pvt Ltd Manupatra Information Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details