TITLE: Capacity/Availability Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The main purpose of the Capacity Managers role is to be responsible for the monitoring of capacity on all infrastructure operated by the Service Lines and to develop effective capacity reports and forecasts, ensuring that the service provided to customers meets the established Service Level Agreements and quality standards. The Capacity managers role reports to the Principal Capacity Manager and primarily involves: Ensuring use of and compliance with the Capacity Management process. Assisting in the preparation and/or provision of monthly Capacity reports. Analysing service and component Capacity. Ensuring Capacity risks and issues are progressed, and escalate any issues not being actioned to prevent any Capacity outages. Working closely with Service Managers to deliver a quality service to SLA. Performs a broad range of complex professional or specialist work activities in a wide variety of contexts. Works under limited direction within a clearly defined accountability framework. Is able to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with clients, customers and colleagues Making Principal Capacity Managers aware of any improvement opportunities identified. Technical focus Holds ITIL Foundation Certificate with an understanding of the key roles and functions of all ITIL disciplines Good knowledge of support models for IT Service Teams and their interfaces with customers, together with broad understanding and familiarity with services provided by an IT Outsourcing organisation Strong general knowledge of IT and how it impacts on Capacity Management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills monitoring functions interfaces outsourcing capacity management itil process service level customers reports and quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atos Pvt Ltd Atos Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details