TITLE: Senior PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An excellent opportunity is available for an experience PHP Developer who has strong background in backend PHP Development. The successful applicant will enjoy the benefits of working for an established and rapidly growing company based in London & Mumbai. This fresh and progressive company is committed to providing the career path, challenge and stretch along with the required resources to make their employees sought after in the market. As a PHP Web Developer you will have strong experience of developing both the backend (80% of the role) and frontend (20% of the role). Responsible for new development and build of other legacy systems also. You will be proficient in PHP, SQL and CSS with a strong understanding of LAMP technologies. To be the ideal person for this position you must the following experience: Linux Apache MySQL CSS PHP Should be aware of Performance testing and have experience of writing optimized codes. Frameworks: Code Igniter, CakePHP & others Also should have worked on various opensource platforms: Joomla, WP, OS commerce, Opencart, etc job is not limited to working with open sources only but developing bespoke PHP applications. Applicant Should hold valid Passport Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql linux mysql joomla apache performance testing cakephp backend benefits php developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iDigitalise iDigitalise specialise in delivering a full spectrum of Commerce solutions to each and every one of our clients. From eCommerce and Mobile Commerce Development, to Design, Consultancy and Marketing; we're a full-service digital media services and solutions provider for some of the biggest names in every industry sector; extending our clients' portfolio and brand awareness through hard-hitting Email Marketing, Paid Search Advertising, Mobile Marketing, Augmented Reality Apps and Social Media Marketing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details