TITLE: iOS Developer Lead_34

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Requirements: As an iOS Mobile Lead, you will participate in the entire life-cycle of product development. Day-to-day responsibilities will include: Design, develop, enhance, implement and maintain existing and new iPhone/iPad applications Working with a team of developers and product designers to implement innovative mobile products for our users. Implementing custom native interfaces using the latest iOS programming techniques and building reusable iOS software components for iPhone and iPad applications Analyzing and optimizing application code for efficiency and performance Desirable skills & Expertise: 5+ years developing complex, consumer-facing applications for the iPhone and iPad using Objective-C with UIKit and the iOS SDK is required. Hands-on experience with iOS SDK performance tools is preferred. Strong sense of elegant and usable mobile UI, object-oriented programming, multithreaded programming, unit tests, session management, object relational mapping, object caching, XML/JSON/RESTful web services, and agile development methodologies is preferred. Familiarity with Linux, Java/PHP, GitHub, and Amazon Web Services is a plus. Experience with Cocoa on Mac, AppKit, etc. A great attitude that enjoys working in a close, highly energized, team-oriented environment. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written a MUST. Demonstrate self-confidence, energy and enthusiasm. Present ideas, expectations and information in aconcise, well-organized way. Manage time well, correctly prioritizing tasks Working Days 5 Days a week Job Nature Full Time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Legal Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 3Leads Resources India Pvt. Ltd. 3Leads is one of the leading providers of Consulting Services which deals majorly into IT business consulting, management services, Human Resource solutions. The company is at the forefront of a new era for the industry: an historical shift pushed and shaped by technology and talent. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details