TITLE: Research Director

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate should have a minimum of 7 years of managerial and functional experience in creating and developing market research, advisory, consulting, data and trend analysis with a leading market research, advisory or agency. Ideal candidate should be able to lead and guide teams in both qualitative and quantitative research areas and insights development. A go-getter with a can-do attitude at all times! Candidate should be adept in understanding of industry direction, trends and market analysis in horizontal technology segments such as digital transformation, mobility, cloud, machine learning and analytics, among others. Should have done secondary research, strong analytical skills, to interpret market trends. Vertical industry experience would be a plus. The ideal candidate should possess report development, writing, blogging and social engagement experience, besides in-depth written and verbal presentation skills in corporate settings, industry conferences and senior executive-level engagement. Besides the needs highlighted above, ability to do excel data analysis, strategic framework creation and slick PPT development is needed in this role. Experience with SPSS or Snap or any other primary survey analysis tool would be a plus. Experience working in the Fortune 5000 or technology 2000 would be a good to have but not a requirement. Candidate should be willing and prepared to work under deadlines and possess creative, team work and collaboration capabilities especially with cross functional teams such as sales, marketing and product management/strategy. Travel requirement- 30%. Duties and Responsibilities : Handling a team of researchers, mentoring and guiding Customer interfacing Keeping track of current research trends and model. Evaluate and identify appropriate technology platforms (including web application frameworks and the deployment stack) for delivering the companys services. Lead strategic planning to achieve business goals by identifying and prioritizing development initiatives and setting timetables for the evaluation, related-but-unused domains that could compromise the integrity of the business (through competition, typo squatting, etc.). Select and manage company staff or outsourced vendors who will implement a design as web pages server. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Market Research Marketing Sales Secondary Research Strategic Planning Market Analysis Qualitative Product Management Strategy Quantitative Research Desired Candidate Profile University degree in the field of computer science, business administration, or another rigorous discipline. An advanced degree in one these fields is a plus. 5 years experience managing web application development. 1 years experience with start up companies. Hands-on experience coding in more than one currently popular web application framework. Familiar with more than one software development methodology Should have done Secondary research Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GrowthEnablr - Startup GrowthEnabler delivers business and personal growth advice to Wantrepreneurs, Startup's and SMB's enabling them to make informed business decisions that lead to break-through results. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details