TITLE: Manager- Analytics- Retail

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities Work closely with the senior management to build and develop the data analytics vertical. Execute and lead business analysis projects autonomously. Having a knack to organize, analyze, and summarize data and information using appropriate analytical methodologies and frameworks. Lead multiple analytics projects covering the retail analytics domain. Skills Required. Experience in advanced analytics - predictive analytics, forecasting techniques, customer behaviour etc. Hands on experience in Retail/CPG domain. Hands on working experience on SAS and R In depth knowledge of various statistical techniques. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills analytics sas forecasting business analysis analytical statistical techniques projects experience retail domain Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RINALYTICS ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details