TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Objective of Position 1. Ensure 24/7 availability of production environment and cloud deployments. 2. Develop necessary monitoring tools with necessary help of development team. 3. Pro active monitoring of deployed services. 4. Automation of deployment and monitoring. 5. Automate recovery of deployment. 6. Automate log collections, rotations, backup and restore path. 7. Understand customer setup and help customers for deployment, where ever necessary. 8. Suggest best possible configurations, as per customers' deployment environment. 9. Resolve customers' setup configuration issues. 10. Customers first point of contact for any deployment issues. 11. Understand deployment environments and bring back knowledge to development team. Knowledge and Skills 1. Bachelors Degree or equivalent in computer science. 2. Approximately 3-7 years of directly related work experience. 3. Strong knowledge of Linux environment. 4. Proficient a. Scripting language - Shell, Python b. Cluster management tools - Puppet/Chef/Anisble c. Cloud solutions - AWS, Google compute. d. Technical Communications. 5. Working knowledge a. NoSQL databases. b. Distributed environments. c. Networking. 6. Familiar with a. Version control tools - Git/SVN b. Software development life cycle. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills OS Internals C C++ Linux Database GIT Programming Debugging High Availability NoSQL Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: IQLECT - Startup IQLECT is building a cost effective, ready to use, all-in-one converged real time big data analytics platform, in turn making real time big data analytics simple, pervasive and affordable for all. It is founded by Sachin Sinha, who previously was the CTO of Jabong and Co-founder and CTO of Limeroad. Prior to that, he was the engineering head at Amazon for the sponsored links/Ads platform. IQLECT is funded by Exfinity Ventures, and by founders of VC firms Walden International and Riverwood Capital, Lip-Bu Tan and Michael Marks. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details