TITLE: Senior Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description p> Analyze requirements, perform impact analysis, design and develop solutions li> Analyze defects, enhance, tune and maintain existing applications li> Design and document system architecture and propose appropriate technologies and tools required to implement systems li> Conduct load test and tune the performance of systems to meet SLAs li> Document Users\' Guide and Systems Manual li> Provide technical guidance to junior developers li> Keep abreast of technological advancement, emerging standards and new software or hardware solutions that may affect decisions on systems building or enhancements li> Involve in complete Software Development Life Cycle li> Perform coding to technical specifications li> Any other duties as and when assigned li> ul> Professional Requirements p> At least 4 years of relevant software development work experience li> Knowledge of OOAD and design patterns li> Experience in core Java development, J2EE, RMI, Web Services and XML li> Knowledge & experience in web technologies (i. e. Struts, Hibernate, Spring, SOAP, AJAX, DOJO, JSP, JSF, Javascript, Flex) li> Unix and/ or Linux experience li> ul> Preferred p> Experience in leading a team or project li> Practical experience in designing, developing and implementing web services and service-oriented architecture (SOA) solutions li> Ability to work as a team player as well as an independent performer, possessing good communication and problem solving skills li> Ability to work on multiple tasks concurrently. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills j2ee javascript xml struts hibernate ajax core java jsp software development soa Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd (KGfSL) is a subsidiary of KG Information Systems P Ltd (KGiSL) and a part of KG group. We provide BFSI companies with a world class IT Solutions, Services and Consulting. With a strong BFSI domain knowledge and experience, KGfSL is a boutique consultancy that provides end-to-end solutions and services in all the latest technology available. Our strategies and solutions are custom-tailored to suit client requirements. We bring in new ideas, more innovative and integrated solutions that drive efficiency, effectiveness, innovation and virtualization to all its customers. With over a decade of experience in offering software solutions to BFSI sector, we have comprehensive market, industry and IT consulting expertise. We are the clear leader in broker back office solutions for organizations in Capital Market sector with our flagship product - Dolphin. With our development center in Coimbatore, we have spread our wings at various locations in India such as Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune and Jaipur. We have also created unique services to our clients as our IT consulting expertise helps us identify key market trends ahead of competition. We also cater software solutions for Education and Healthcare Financial Services sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details