TITLE: User Interface Designer( UI Designer)

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Gather and convert business needs and requirements into visual wireframes and mockups, through client interactions. Work collaboratively with the marketing, development and management teams to achieve overall business results. Create and iterate wireframes and interaction designs for web, mobile and tablet friendly websites. Create UI mockups which are visually appealing, keeping essential aesthetics in mind over Photoshop and Adobe Creative Suite. Plan and implement the ideal typography across UI designs for projects. Create, use and modify icon sets, UI kits, web screens, design elements etc. Assist in estimation and planning of design related tasks and activities. Desired Candidate Profile At least 2 years of experience (professional or otherwise) in user interface design for the web, tablet and mobile screens. Good communication skills and an ability to express ideas easily. Possess creative and artistic skills with a good knowledge of web design practices. B.Des, Interaction Design, Design Degree (Preferred) - Any Degree is preferred but not mandatory. Strong reasoning skills. Knowledge and hands-on experience of working with Photoshop and Adobe Creative Suite. Understanding of information architecture and usability design principles Knowledge of colours, contrasting and lightning to create aesthetic and natural UI designs. Examples of having worked on designs for desktop and mobile websites. Knowledge of HTML, CSS and other web technologies is an added advantage. Knowledge of responsive designs is an added advantage. Positive attitude, openness, flexibility and a clear thought process Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills estimation desktop web design ideas adobe photoshop interaction design design user interface typography Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WisdmLabs WisdmLabs is an Expert Web Development Services Provider. Our team of expert WordPress developers specializes in building and customizing WordPress Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details