TITLE: SEO Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES The SEO Analyst should be able to make firm and difficult decisions, think outside the box, and multi- task multiple projects, with results- driven goals at the top of mind and a past history of success. The role involves content management, continuously optimizing and updating site content/features, including META data, page content, and articles to ensure maximum rankings for targeted keywords. The SEO Analyst should be able to analyze product/landing- page/website performance and testing various SEO strategies to improve overall performance. Your are expected to stay updated on SEO trends and best practices and continually analyze and leverage the opportunities for growing organic traffic. Work with the editorial team to ensure that proprietary content conforms to SEO best practice. Work with Product Managers to ensure website is optimized for search engines. Daily management, including optimization, bid management, keyword research and benchmarking of Google and other ad campaigns. QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Advanced Graduate Degree in any area (Preferably IT or HR) (Previous experience in SEO relevant to assessment business preferred) PREFERRED SKILLS Willing to take challenges associated with the start- up environment. 0- 2 years in SEO/SEM experience. Self- starter. Strong interpersonal skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience with ROI Marketing, web analytics. Power user of MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Web analytics and SEO reporting tools is required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills seo website sem content management web analytics optimization benchmarking google editorial keyword research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PMaps Assessment PMaps Assessment Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details