TITLE: Sr.Executive, MSCI

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: The analyst is responsible for supporting all analytical needs for the COE. Job Responsibilities : (List the major responsibilities/outcomes expected of this role) Delivers all analyses to support KPI definition/ implementation, standards and best practices. Conducts analyses to support all COE programs. Leads prototyping (what -ifs) as well as supporting pilot programs for R&D purposes. The primary areas includes - but not limited to - trend analyses, identifying gaps for improvements in coverage, representation/ sampling, bias reduction, indirect estimation, data integration, automation, generalization, harmonization as well as working with different data sources. Supports CSE and MSci Ops to address major quality escapes. Ensures documentation of the new methodologies and best practices. Represents Nielsen within academic and research councils. QUALIFICATIONS Role Requirements E=essential, P=preferred. E- 2-5 years of relevant methodological research experience E- 2-5 years of research project management experience. E- Extensive knowledge of research techniques, statistics and project management. In addition, advanced skill in sample design, questionnaire design, data collection and data analysis techniques E- Strong media, digital, and/or consumer industry knowledge. E- Strong leadership and supervisory skills are necessary to direct work of others. E- Excellent human relations skills are necessary to interact, correspond and maintain effective communications with clients, marketing, management, peers, support departments and external suppliers. E- Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skill. E- Extensive knowledge of the mechanics of research design, implementation and evaluation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills project management automation documentation data analysis estimation data integration prototyping standards data collection ifs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details