TITLE: Opening - CRM

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Create an environment oriented to trust, open communication, creative thinking, and cohesive team effort. Obtains and records basic demographic information about each customer, using dealership sales control system. Answer basic customer inquires. Refers more extensive inquires to the appropriate person. Directs customers to the correct department, notifies the appropriate salesperson that a customer to a salesperson. Familiarize the team with customer needs, specifications, design targets, the development process, design standards, techniques and tools to support task performance. Assure that the team addresses all relevant issues within the specifications time. Ensure deliverables are prepared to satisfy the project requirements, cost and schedule Escalate issues which cannot be resolved by the team Is part of the International Dealership Standards Is the core team member for the ISO implementation programmed Co-ordinates with MBIPL for reporting, events and brochures. Co-ordinates with the Marketing team for the planned events. Ensures all the customer contact cards are entered daily in the system Monitors the test drive given on the vehicles available by the sales personnels. Co-ordinates with the vendor for the delivery items or gifts. Maintains customer profile forms and customer satisfaction forms Maintains and validates the Customer Database of Auto Hangar Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required , Overall experience of around 1 to 3 years in customer service, Good communication skills and people management, especially with external customers. Should be dynamic and outgoing, Knowledge of MS Office. Company Profile: Auto Hangar India Pvt Ltd Dealers for Mercedes Benz passenger cars Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details