TITLE: Ecommerce Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Responsibilities Develop, execute and manage e-commerce marketing programs including promotions, creative, email, web, direct mail, and marketing collateral. Provide analysis and insight to manage the success of marketing programs and improve efficiency. Work with digital marketing manager to execute and optimize e-commerce paid search, affiliates, social and display campaigns. Serve as coffee, tea, merchandise and gifts category manager for e-commerce including assortment, pricing, promotions, forecasting, content development, reporting and analysis. Work with internal marketing partners to integrate e-commerce across channels. Serve as the lead for email marketing programs across all channels. Manage all aspects of e-commerce email marketing programs including life-cycling marketing, circulation, promotions, schedules, creative and copy development, execution and optimization. Work with channel partners to execute retail, grocery and food service email marketing programs. Develop and manage retention program Manage external consultants and agencies and internal creative services team to execute e-commerce marketing efforts. Qualifications Minimum of 1 years marketing experience with at least 3 in the area of online marketing or e-commerce for a consumer goods or retail company. Email marketing experience is required. Retention marketing experience strongly preferred. Proven track record in creating and executing online marketing strategies to retain customers. Consistent history of business-building success. Must have direct experience developing marketing plans. Must be results oriented - with a high degree of personal initiative and leadership - in a fast-paced, fluid and lower resourced environment. Strong analytical skills required including demonstrated ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations. Proven ability to think both strategically and tactically. Excellent project management and organizational skills with a strong attention to detail required. Proven ability to work under pressure, prioritize work and meet multiple deadlines. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. Content development including creative and copy experience a plus. Excellent interpersonal and relationship building skills with a proven track record of leadership across functional lines that delivers business results required. BSc/BA required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills online marketing digital marketing service pricing email marketing project management ba retention forecasting optimization Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Renderindia Infotech Renderindia Infotech is an eCommerce Solution and development company of Inkswipe Consulting LLP delivering web development services of any complexity to clients worldwide. Being in IT business for over 8 year now Renderindia Infotech has a strong team of 50 skilled experienced IT experts. Our customers are companies of all sizes ranging from startups to large enterprises who realize that they need a professional internet solution to generate revenue streams, establish communication channels or streamline business operations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details