TITLE: HTML / Frontend developer executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details: Good knowledge of HTML5, Bootstrap, JavaScript, CSS, JQuery along with a sound knowledge of web development and Mobile app standards. Should have strong expertise in creating responsive website for various devices and resolution. Should have strong HTML, CSS table-less design and Bootstrap knowledge and experience. Should know how to transform psd files and wireframes into web user interfaces according to design specifications. Should have knowledge of Page Optimization. Knowledge of Rally and Agile process, AngularJS . Qualification: Masters Degree in Computer Science (MCS) Diploma in Information Technology Bachelor In Engineering (Information Technology) graduate. B. TechB. E. - Computers, Diploma-Computers Any relevant graduate Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php javascript xml html ajax jquery mvc web development information technology website Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Creaa Designs We believe in the power to "Create- Art" hence the name Creaa. We are a design studio based in Mumbai, India for the past 9 years. We have an expertise in launching the startups business, starting right from suggesting names for your brand and also to make sure that your brand name is well known in the industry. We excel in branding, creating websites using the advanced technology available in web development and skills to match the same. But the world is beyond websites, trending on a large scale growth towards mobile apps and softwares.While we specialize in developing exclusive websites, software; we enhance your company\'s image with an artistic logo which reflects your corporate identity. E-commerce websites will keep you stylish in business which will create an exclusive & creative property. In tune with your business priority; an elite E-commerce website with essential security enhancements can be developed. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details