TITLE: Senior Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Professional Services - Front Office Senior Consultant Calypso Technology is seeking a Front Office Senior Consultant to work in a customerfacing role to drive global system implementations. Â The ideal candidates will have functional experience gained in the capital markets industry working for a software vendor or consultancy. Â Candidates will have expertise in the support and/ or implementation of a Front Office system. Â The ideal candidate will also have a strong foundation in the support of one or more of the following: Foreign Exchange and Money Market, Fixed Income, Interest Rate Derivatives, FX Derivatives, Credit Derivatives, Equities and Equity Derivatives, Commodities and Commodity Derivatives. Â Candidates with exposure to Clearing, Collateral & Securities Finance or Risk will also be considered. Responsibilities Work directly with customers to gather, scope and understand business requirements, and steer them towards Calypsos best practice solutions to the extent possible. Work hands on with the system to configure it and test it to ensure that it meets the business requirements whenever there is deviation from Calypsos out of the box solution.Â Follow up with the Clients end users to validate the solution delivered, achieve signoff, and continue to move the system toward go- live. Identify and raise approved core product gaps, and follow up through Calypsos internal process until delivery. During the development of enhancements, the Consultant will work with either the Calypso core development or customer development to iteratively test enhancements to ensure they will meet business requirements. Finally the Consultant will assist in deployment and validation by the Client. Work in conjunction with the Calypso or Client Project Manager to set and manage customer expectations around project timelines. The Consultant will be responsible to manage and communicate issues to customer and internal project teams. Manage issues and track timeline of deliverables, and proactively keep the Client and/ or Calypso Project Manager informed of progress. Â Additionally, the consultant will assist customers with the development of their own internal project plan, including identification of key setup and configuration tasks, scope considerations, timeline and scheduling, and resource requirements. Responsible for training users on basic use of the system, new functionality, etc. Whenever not assigned to a Client project, the Consultant will work on internal projects (enhancements to out of the box solution, internal tools, etc.) Requirements Minimum of 7 years of experience Experience working in systems or business analysis and system design within the capital markets industry. Experience in the implementation and support of a Back Office system within a Bank, Hedge Fund or Asset Manager. Strong knowledge and functional experience in any of the following asset classes: Foreign Exchange and Money Market, Fixed Income, Interest Rate Derivatives, FX Derivatives, Credit Derivatives, Equities and Equity Derivatives, Commodities and Commodity Derivatives. Front Office Requirements: Detailed handson knowledge about industry standard front office standards for market data management (bootstrapping algorithm) , trade capture, pricing (BlackScholes, CoxRoss) , and risk (Monte Carlo, VAR) . Experience writing functional and business specifications with the ability to map conceptual financial and business elements to practical system capabilities. A strong demonstrable record of customer service. The consultant will need to understand customer needs and build effective relationships. The consultant must be able to convey plans, issues and concerns to clients and team members in clear, logical and concise manner. Must be customer driven, have the ability to work within a team environment, and be focused on providing a high quality of service to the customer. Excellent interpersonal skills. The person in this role will spend significant amounts of time educating and training customers, and patience will be a key to success. Strong time management skills. Have the ability to influence decision makers. Strong and demonstrable problem solving/ analytical skills. Willingness and ability to travel frequently (up to 75%) , as required. Calypsos Rewarding Careers Since our founding in 1997, Calypso has been the leader of innovation in capital markets technology. Â To continue our track record of growth we need the best talent from across the globe and offer outstanding opportunities to join a uniquely innovative, highly successful company that straddles the worlds of technology and finance. Â With 20 offices worldwide, market leading products and a customer base of the worlds top banks, asset managers, hedge funds and insurers our team thrives on stimulating challenges and global opportunities. Â Your Calypso Career We are growing our team by recruiting and hiring the best talent in the market - those who desire to take the initiative, are self- directed learners and have the desire solve our customers problems to drive our growth. Â Also, we identify, train and develop future leaders to ensure we have the capabilities to scale the business and to provide career development to our team members. At Calypso, you will have an active role in a business that makes a difference in the capital markets every day. Â Regardless of your role, your work will be closely tied to our customers success and will have an impact on their mission critical systems.Â Calypso only accepts resumes from approved agencies who have a valid executed Non- Exclusive Master Staffing Agency Agreement on file. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Calypso employees, or send to any Calypso location. Â Calypso is not responsible for any fees or claims related to receipt of unsolicited resumes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Calypso Technology India Pvt. Ltd. Calypso Technology India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details