TITLE: Project Manager, Service Delivery

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Service Delivery Manager The Service Delivery Manager will be responsible, for successful Management and delivery of all the Support & Services engagements with the identified Accounts , this would include proper transitioning of work post implementation to 24times7 team and interfacing with Customer team for any changes to solutions for already implemented solutions. Main Responsibilities: Optimize the utilization of service resources to provide technical support, project implementations, including field demonstrations, through effective planning, developing and managing post sales service standards and procedures. Continually monitor the performance of the post-sales business and adjust action plans to achieve target growth. Work closely with other business functions and customers to develop and deliver customer-satisfying service solutions and sustain service leadership position in the industry. Work and support on Sales Enablement requirements, Customer Advocacy. Build, sustain and retain a highly motivated, successful and effective team. Requirements Must possess an Engineering degree At least 10 years of experience (of which at least 8 years in technical support and a minimum 2 years as project manager) in customer support services and running service operations as well as Project Management for Service Delivery programs. Strong analytical skills for solving technical issues with customers, plus the ability to lead and take ownership. Customer service-oriented Strong in BCP/DR (IT), should be able to stand up CIO, CTO and DataCenter Managerrsquos Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentations skills A results-oriented leader who can motivate others to make a difference and excel. Has excellent organizational skills, takes initiative, accepts accountability and has a sense of urgency. He will be responsible to track the SLArsquos and ensure process compliance by the team. He/She will do effective co-ordination of the implementation projects and account for resource utilization against the projects and manage the costs/efforts He would be responsible for resolving inter-dependencies, and any risks and other issues that may arise. Will work with L3/L4 Support back end team and 24times7 teams to handle escalations and be part of periodic reviews with customer. Provide adequate support internally to enable sales, as required Will be responsible for transition planning in case of attritions and ensure continuity of services to Sanovi Customers. Need to travel on need basis for various meetings events (Customer Advocacy, Sales enablement, team/Org meets) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills technical support customer service customer support project management dr service operations post sales accounts support services travel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sanovi Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Sanovi is a niche Business Continuity and IT Recovery software company enabling Application Defined Continuity for enterprise datacenters and cloud infrastructure. It provides application aware deployment, visibility and automation of IT DR for tier-1 and tier-2 workloads across physical, virtual and cloud infrastructure. Sanovi software provides an out-of-box holistic recovery management across a wide range of physical/virtual OS/platforms, data replication technologies, applications, converged infrastructure and public clouds. Gartners 2014 Hype Cycle report on BCP/DR calls out Sanovis product as the Recovery Management solution for heterogeneous platforms Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details