TITLE: Social Media Content and Community Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills and Qualifications: A person with good Reading & Writing skills of 3 languages: Marathi, English, Hindi. Sound knowledge of Social media marketing and online marketing Working knowledge of MS Office Suite Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to perform in a collaborative atmosphere as a team player A Graduate/ Post graduate in any discipline Should have worked with an ecom or Health/ Beauty client A Graduate/ Post graduate in any discipline Responsibilities: Managing the Social Media for client Finding, Creating and Managing content. Ensuring constant engagement with the target communities Planning & execution of Campaigns. Monitoring Social Media activities and creating online communities Understanding Analytics and creating detailed reports. Value Additions: 1. A keen interest in the following areas of expertise Fashion Beauty Care Health 2. Working knowledge of social media analytics tools Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Buying Executive/Manager Keyskills online marketing tools social media english analytics monitoring social media marketing marathi writing skills excellent communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: trivone digital services private limited Trivone is a new age Content Marketing and Digital Media agency that creates compelling content to drive conversations and build communities on the web, across diverse demographics, domains and platforms. We passionately create, package, distribute and promote content that is relevant, eye catching and informative for our clients. We create content across different content types including text, video, graphics and animation. Our team also plans and manages social media campaigns for customers seeking to build their brand and use it for marketing tool for creating communities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details