TITLE: Assistant Manager - Space Selling

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Assistant Manager - Space Selling ( 3 Year to 7 Year ) Mumbai Qualification: ?? Graduate Job Responsibilities Generating revenue by selling different kind of print media solutions to All India based clients from various sectors Creating & pitching concepts for smart sell properties. Networking with advertising agencies, to drive the sales and better market coverage Understanding, analyzing the need of the clients advertising requirements and suggesting the right advertising platform Planning to achieve sales target. Track of advertising of all the advertiser in the market. Four years experience in Ad Sales & Media Marketing. Take care of all the clients in market. Achieving monthly targets. Handle the display agencies for business. Responsible to brief media, creative and research staff, and assist with the formulation of marketing strategies; Liaising with, and acting as the link between, the client and different media houses by maintaining regular contact with both, ensuring that communication flows effectively; Overseeing the status of advertising campaigns; Consistently maintained a high- standard performance record via exceptional service, follow- through, and specific attention to detail which resulted in higher revenues; Analyzed complex situations, designed practical solutions, and implemented cost- effective plans at the organization operational level; Developed personnel, motivated staff to exceed goals, and improved overall agency productivity Desired Profile Should have good communication skills. Sound computer & MS office knowledge. Should be a team player & self motivated. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LAURENT AND BENON GROUP LAURENT AND BENON GROUP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details