TITLE: Research Analyst - Media.net

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this --> Location: Mumbai, India About Us Directi is a group of businesses , providing various web products and services to millions of global users. Directi businesses include ResellerClub , LogicBoxes , .pw , Answerable.com , and Skenzo . We are 600 people strong, spread across 5 offices in 3 countries. We are rapidly expanding our sales and marketing focus across various locations worldwide. Media.net is a premium contextual advertising company that utilizes superior analysis and classification algorithms to dynamically identify and deliver the most relevant and engaging ads on a web page. Our technology is able to uniquely blend contextual analysis with behavior data, audience profiling, demographic information and historical performance metrics to substantially enhance value for both web publishers and advertisers. Web publishers typically end up utilizing other contextual ad networks for unsold back-fill inventory or below-the-fold positions due to low yields and lack of customization. Our publisher program is specifically designed to generate substantially higher eCPM\'s for high quality publishers and hence focuses only on premium front-fill inventory. What is the Job Like? The Job at Directi (Media.net) would primarily involve enhancing customers\' portfolio performance by ensuring continuous improvement and maximizing results on a daily basis. Optimizing Domain Names for Internet Advertising. Investigating web sites and conducting research & analysis for identifying concepts of domain names. Checking content, quality and accuracy of each concept. Checking keyword lists of advertisers to maximize ROI for each advertiser / publisher. Consistently monitor domain names as per customer feedback and satisfaction. Monitoring and enforcement of acceptable usage policies in cases of system abuse, illegal usage, misrepresentation etc. Constant learning of concepts pertaining to Internet Advertising. Liaising with the Business Development Specialists to facilitate maximization of revenue/ ensure smooth functioning of the department. Who should apply for this roles? Graduates from any stream with 0-3 years of experience. Excellent oral & written communication skills. Willing to work in rotational shifts. Excellent analytical skills Good Team Player Ability to complete large volumes of work quickly and independently. High level of drive, initiative and self-motivation. Avid internet user, with strong inclination towards technology Familiarity with Internet search industry preferred. Basic computer skills, including proficiency in MS Office. Should be below 25 years of age. Benefits & Perks Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee-shirts are a-ok!). We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency? We are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting-edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip-flops to work), then we want to get to know you! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Research Analyst - Media.net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details