TITLE: Ecommerce Data Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities The e-Commerce Data Administrator has responsibility for all the data management of a busy ecommerce department including product, price, customer and product availability. This is a key role that supports both the content and marketing functions. This role requires excellent understanding of excel and the applicant should be confident using pivot tables and excel formulas. The role will include the extracting of data from API and update on website with validating data. Website Responsible for creation of all online pricing to ecom systems - both bulk uploads and individual changes Coordinate and communicate pricing changes to the manager/team Creation of product upload files from the merchandising system for the content manager including consolidation of information from several sources using API and Excel. Monitoring of products across retailer website using excel and reporting to content manager . Creation and maintenance of the ecommerce range plan Improvement of all systems and processes Analysis Maintenance of the merchandising file for the analytics tool Use of the analytics tool to create reports Creation of staff and customer surveys both online and offline Collation of survey and reporting data into meaningful reports and business data Identifying next steps for further analysis Customer Data Responsible for the download, collation and upload of all customer data from tills to email marketing tool . Transfer of transactional data from tills to email marketing tool . Transfer of transactional data from the website to the email marketing tool . Creation of email marketing segments based on activity and preferences . 3rd Party Websites Ensure accurate data is supplied in the correct formats to the relevant third parties Day-to-day liaison with 3rd parties to ensure all information displayed is up to date Core Responsibilities Accurate interpretation, compilation, and entering of data in the computer system. Proper analysis and verification to ensure data integrity. Storing correct information in the desired database locations. Completion of the required task within the desired deadline. Manage additional responsibilities including troubleshooting, file back-ups, regular updating, and retrieval of data, as and when required. Maintain confidentiality regarding the information being dealt with. Core Competencies Strong numerical and analytical skills Self motivated, assertive and pro-active Able to identify problems and find prompt resolutions Effective project management skills Work well under pressure to meet tight deadlines and support the business objectives to drive profitability Attention to detail Ability to translate data into meaningful business information Excellent command over the language - written and oral. Data analysis and interpretation skills. Computer management skills. Speed and accuracy with attention to detail. Ability to meet deadlines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills merchandising pricing api website email marketing data analysis analytics monitoring data management troubleshooting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Renderindia Infotech Renderindia Infotech is an eCommerce Solution and development company of Inkswipe Consulting LLP delivering web development services of any complexity to clients worldwide. Being in IT business for over 8 year now Renderindia Infotech has a strong team of 50 skilled experienced IT experts. Our customers are companies of all sizes ranging from startups to large enterprises who realize that they need a professional internet solution to generate revenue streams, establish communication channels or streamline business operations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details