TITLE: urgent opening sales executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title Urgent Opening Sales Executive Gender Preference Any Number Of Vacancy 30 Industry Area Sales/Marketing Key Skills Sales Executive, salesofficer, sales manager, sales executive Qualification Secondary School, B.A, B.C.A, B.B.A, B.Com, M.A, M.C.A, M.B.A/PGDM, M.Com Salary (Per Annum) 1 Lac 75 Thousand To 2 Lac 75 Thousand Work Experience 1 Years Job Requirement This is a front-line sales position in the consumer cards sales team, candidate is responsible for driving business, achieving monthly sales targets and acquiring new customers through consultative selling of our cards products through a defined channel of acquisition [Retail, Corporate, Venue-sales]. - Prospecting for new customers through existing leads and cold calling and maximizing lead generation. - Timely execution of all sales activities leads, campaigns, referrals any self generated leads. - Tracking and reporting sales performance including pipeline, acquisition results and market conditions. - Set appointments, listen to customer needs and sell most appropriate product. - Researches and understands prospects before making the call. - Ensures all applications are fully and accurately completed, and submitted properly. - Be the interface between Amex and the customer to resolve any application processing issues. - Keep up-to-date on products and competition. - Attend relevant industry and partner conferences, tradeshows and networking events. - Ensuring all performance standards are met viz. business targets, controls and compliance. - Engaging with premium customers to build relationships, and delivering a positive customer experience while acquiring new customers. - Expansion of internal and external relationships, and drive sales results. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills telecom healthcare cold calling development bpo logistics hospitality networking travel call center Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dare Deviles Services Private Limited Dare Deviles Services Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details