TITLE: Partner Developer Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Duties & Responsibilities Helping partners create their business plan, hiring plans, setting sales and service targets, tracking targets using CRM and lead management Day -to -day management of a channel partners including participation in customer calls, regular sales strategy reviews and collaborating on tactical sales plans for partners. Professional Qualifications At least five years of demonstrated success in channel sales for enterprise software. Demonstrated, consistent success in leading teams through the full sales life cycle encompassing prospecting, cold calling, qualifying prospective customers, assessing client needs, utilising strong closing techniques and maintaining relationships. Direct enterprise and phone sales experience. Outstanding verbal, written, and presentation skills with the facility to communicate clearly and effectively. Strong business development experience with the ability to sell at all levels within an organisation. Exceptional ability to identify client needs and provide sound solutions. Bachelorrsquos Degree is required. Personal Attributes Entrepreneurial and ambitious, with a drive to succeed and willingness to work long hours. Goal - and detail -oriented with a commitment to provide excellent quality work in a team environment. Sense of urgency both internally and externally. Ability to add value through creativity and independent thinking. Intellectual curiosity, initiative, resourcefulness, and tact. Strong work ethic with professional behaviour and appearance, as well as personal integrity. Excellent negotiation and listening skills. Able to work effectively with team members with uncompromising ethics and initiative. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development channel sales service crm cold calling channel partners hiring prospecting tracking closing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mark IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Mark IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details