TITLE: SAP Basis Administration L3

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description JD Details. Methodical and disciplined approach to work Good interpersonal skills and customer handling skills Good communication skills (both verbal and written) Good analytical skills Ability to structure and draft technical documentation Technical Competencies Minimum 5- 10 Years of experience in SAP Basis Ability to structure and draft technical documentation Essential Qualifications: Experience in installing SAP (4. 6 and higher) following standard installation procedure. Experience in SCM/APO , BI administration and system copy preferred Experienced in Homogeneous system copy (Backup/Restore mandatory) with Oracle Database for ABAP and JAVA Stack Experienced on Oracle Database Total Exp: 5- 10 Years Key Skill: SAP BASIS CONSULTANTS- Support Level L3 with additional experience in SAP ECC 5. 0 , SAP ECC 6. 0 , SAP NW 7. 30/7 , BASIS Installing SAP, SCM /APO, BI administration and System Copy, Backup/Restore with Oracle Database for ABAP and JAVA Stack, Oracle Database, SAP Upgrade and Support. Job Requirements Analytical Thinking Acquiring and understanding of problem or situation by breaking it down, systematically into its components or parts and identifying the relationships between these parts. Conceptual Thinking Acquiring understanding of the underlying issues in complex problems or situations by correctly relating these to simpler or better understood concepts, models or previous experiences. Planning and Organization Determining a course of action by breaking it down into smaller steps and by planning and resourcing each of these, making allowance for potential problems. Attention to Detail Applying quality standards to all tasks undertaken and ensuring that nothing is overlooked. Interacting with People Establishing relationships and maintaining contacts with people from a wide variety of backgrounds. Flexibility Taking account of new information or changed circumstances and modifying understanding of a problem or situation accordingly Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills java abap backup apo technical documentation maintaining resourcing oracle database sap upgrade system copy Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atos Pvt Ltd Atos Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details