TITLE: Senior Manager, Consumer Insights- Client Servicing- Automobile

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage a client servicing team to ensure prompt delivery of service to the responsible clients in order to achieve the set financial objectives and other operational performance indicators. Main Accountabilities: Adept in independently handling all stages in a Customized Market Research Project: i. Responding to RFP / Proposal Design (Objective, Research Design, Sample Design, Costing) ii. Project Launch iii. Questionnaire Design iv. Presentation preparation and sharing insights with client Team management Business development Preferably with experience in Auto vertical Maintain an accurate, complete, up-to-date and insightful client business profiles to be shared with senior management Drive client satisfaction by providing insights and actionable recommendations during presentations or business reviews and also by providing value-added analyses and response to special requests. Undertake sales activities independently or in conjunction with senior staff in terms of preparation and delivery of proposal and credentials Ensure the generation of required revenue from the assigned client portfolio and proper contract costing in order to meet the agreed budget targets Identify and recommend enhanced and new services that answer clients' business needs Build and maintain ongoing relationships with the identified key persons within client organization QUALIFICATIONS 6 to 8 yearsrsquo experience in Market Research-Consumer Insight Hands-on customized market research, agency experience (Auto experience is a plus) Strong Client Focus and Proactiveness Very Good Influencing & Persuading Skills Expert knowledge of statistics and multivariate analysis Expert knowledge of research techniques and methodologies Engages in simplifying processes or key work activities Translates strategy and objectives to easily understood, actionable messages for associates Conducts internal and external business dealings with straightforward approach Integrated Builds collaborative relationships within and across teams and services. Works for the success of the team and balances own needs within larger organization Integrates resources across the company to deliver ldquoone Nielsenrdquo to clients Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Keyskills business development team management market research rfp costing handling iv operational business clients Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Nielsen Research Ltd. Co. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details