TITLE: Head IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Determine structure of required organisation and produce job specs. Conduct staff development and performance reviews. Manage budgets for the service. Create detailed procedures for staff to adhere to. Managing & developing Software Projects as per companyrsquos requirement. Management of Software Infrastructure with Software Development teams Management of Companies Database. & VPN connectivity. Conducting Internal Software & Network Audits according to ISO.9000 Standard. Software Testing / Implementation , Web Site development. Provide an IT Service Management function to company employees for all services provided from company. Act as central point of contact, communication and escalation point for all operational issues. Ensure adequate incident and problem resolution in a timely manner Manage and maintain SLA and OLA to users and from internal suppliers Manage third party services. Create & maintain Third Party Underpinning Contracts with external service suppliers. Monitor compliance of above and deal with issues. M anage 3rd party contracts, including the selection of alternative suppliers should the need arise. Regular and agreed updates on support, operations, and projects. Implement changes and enhancements to companyrsquos IT Adhere to standards and procedures agreed with Co Responsible for creation of local procedures and documentation and ensuring these are placed on the intranet. Responsible for gaining approval from the IT Architect for any changes or enhancements being implemented locally. Ensure latest - UK /US IT standards and strategies are fully understood, through regular discussions, intranet and annual visits to all over location . Project Manage changes to IT services and the impact of growth of company offices. In Prince 2 terminology, perform the role of lsquoTeam Managerrsquo for the delivery of changes to the infrastructure and services. Produce all appropriate project documentation (e.g. PIDs, Project plans, Highlight reports, Customer satisfaction surveys and Project metrics). Ensure technical design documentation is produced for each change to the infrastructure for subsequent approval by the IT Architect. Ensure Quarterly updates are provided to IT architect for company infrastructure changes and plans so that the IT Department 3 Year Plan can be updated accordingly. M anage the expansion of existing IT Services in support of business growth and a changing UK/ companyrsquos support model. Project Manage changes to IT services and impact of growth of company offices. Should In-house IT Services staff be required to support companyrsquos growth, recruit and manage staff Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills operations service documentation co it services standards procedures software third party infrastructure Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Intellectual Capital HR Consulting Pvt Ltd Our consulting services can be provided on-site or off-site or a combination that best suits our clients needs. Some organizations select our services to supplement an existing human resource department, while others find it advantageous to utilize our services in place of a formal human resource function Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details