TITLE: Account Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Acquire and Manage Named Accounts Develops a business plan and sales execution strategy for the market that ensures attainment of company sales goals and profitability. Identify opportunities, propose solutions to Customers in with the consultations with the technical/operational teams Initiates and coordinates development of action plans to penetrate new markets. Build relationship with 'C' level / decision-makers at Clients site and potential customers. Provides timely feedback to senior management regarding performance. Develop deep understanding of our customers and domains. Understanding of the entire region/zone; Market Assessment, opportunity size. Understanding client's organization, technologies, products, and domain. Preparing the sales pitch based on their pain points and our value proposition by working with Netmagic solutions engineering, technical and domain experts. Adheres to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Be able to handle FAQ's on our business. Acquire abilities to understand Netmagic service offerings in various verticals, generate leads and build the Sales Pipeline in those regions. Be able to articulate Netmagic Services and Value Proposition. Liaison with Marketing, Technical and Delivery Teams and other teams in Netmagic. Support bid management teams working in creating responding to RFP, RFI, Proposals. Build business relationships through networking, cold calling and leads generation program. Contributing to developing and improving sales process. Assists in the development and implementation of marketing plans as needed. Self-driven and motivated to achieve success Must have excellent communication and inter-personal skills. Competitive Salary with Perks for right candidate with overall Organization career growth. Leadership skills. Should be able to lead the team to the desired results. A effective team player. Assertive in communication, excellent communication skills and presentation skills Profiles having sales experience in IT industry at any given point in their career will be preferred. Must be in a front-line sales position in the technology sector. Familiarity with the software services or IT markets and trends Understanding of commercials and contracts Communication skills, Presentation Skills, Persuasiveness, Negotiation, Cold Calling, Telesales skills, Attention to detail, Keyboard Skills, Tenacity, Questioning, Closing, Professionalism, quality, service and teamwork. Verifiable achievement in previous sales positions. Knowledge and contacts in local and India markets. Adequate knowledge of Managed Hosted Services, Network Security, Data Center and Remote IT Infrastructure Management and related terms and technologies. Create business opportunities for Netmagic in all domains of Manufacturing, Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Telecom and IT, Pharma, Healthcare, Life Science and brick mortar sectors. If candidates are with non-engineering background, then prefer Science PGs or graduates with PG Dip in MKTG/Sales. If candidates are with engineering background, then prefer candidates Science PGs or graduates with PG Dip in MKTG/Sales. Send us your profile and resume at careers@netmagicsolutions.com Reporting To: Associate Vice President/Regional Sales Head Job Designation: Manager/Sr. Manager Named Accounts http://www.olark.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills pharma telecom telesales accounts healthcare financial services cold calling development networking rfp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Netmagic Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details