TITLE: Apparel Lead

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Product sourcing and Vendor management for all product sub-categories including identifying local and imported Vendors for thatspersonal. com which includes: Identify and close Vendors partnerships including commercial terms for related product categories. Be responsible for product gross margins. Own Vendor account management and relationships Select product mix (quantities, styles, SKUrsquos, etc. ) and raise purchase orders across vendors Planning product ranges based on customer feedback. Preparing sales and stock plans. Managing stock levels based on forecasts including planning inventory cycles and build a process for repeat orders. Train customer service team about the categories and relevant products details Work closely with marketing team to promote products to achieve sales targets Analyse monthly report and formulate strategies for all product categories and Vendors for sales and profitability Candidate skill sets: A minimum of four years apparel experience with a minimum of two yearsrsquo experience specifically in the lingerie segment Strong Computer skills, including Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Email. Prior work experience at an ecommerce / retail will be of added benefit. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills retail sales customer service account management apparel vendor management email microsoft excel product microsoft word vendors Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ThatsPersonal When it comes to privacy, we at ThatsPersonal believe it to be of paramount importance. This is especially true, when you shop for products that are of an intensely personal nature. It is this belief, coupled with our desire to help you keep the spark of love kindled that has led to the creation of Indias first and most discreet website for the purchase of personal products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details