TITLE: Web Tech Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : As the Senior Developer / Technical Lead, you will be responsible for managing the platform development roadmap and enhancements to our mobile and web- based projects and platform. Ensuring a high level of service availability and deliverability, you will produce, optimise and maintain platform modules, add new features and user interfaces. This will include enabling 3rd party services on products and social media platforms. Job Duties Briefing and managing external developer resources to create new product features Providing excellent code and enhancing a variety of projects Scoping and documenting complex technical requirements via wireframes, database maps Optimising the platform databases Ensuring platform uptime and SLA targets Supporting, mentoring and managing staff to ensure that they are up to speed with projects and technologies Managing and prioritizing a project pipeline for a team of software engineers, QA engineers, and system administrators. Assisting in continuously analyzing, maintaining, and improving the development process. The Web Technical Lead will work closely with cross functional teams so he/she must have the ability to communicate and explain technical concepts to non- technical team members. Job Requirements To be considered, you must have at least four years' experience of PHP, server and MySQL database configuration and an advanced level of coding. You must also have: Strong knowledge of PHP, MySQL, JQuery, AJAX, Memcache/Membased etc. required. Knowledge of Codeigniter is required and other MVC framework is an added advantage Exceptional understanding of and practice using Object Oriented Coding principles Ability to effectively communicate your work with both technical and non- technical peers Should be familiar in design & development of web services, design patterns. Experience in optimizing web applications for different browsers. Experience in scaling web application to deal with thousands of concurrent users is a big plus. Experience in Build automation is an added advantage. Experience with cloud platform is an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills ajax jquery automation design patterns configuration server php mysql coding service interfaces Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Maharaja Games Maharaja Games Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details