TITLE: Branch Sales Manager Home Equity - Dy. MGR

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Reports To: Regional Sales Manager - Home Equity Job Purpose: Will be responsible for driving the Sales team to achieve the goals and targets. Has to co-ordinate and support the DMAs to achieve the targets set for each of them. Key Accountabilities: Driving the Sales of CIFL at the Branch Level. Maintaining Relationship and guiding the DMA\'s in achieving the company targets. Develop new Strategies for deep market penetration. Provide information about changes required in the services suggested by the DMAs for necessary action to the RSM. ul> Job Duties & Responsibilities: Responsible for designing new strategies in order to enhance the entire productivity of the branch strong> Work in co-ordination with the DMArsquos to design new plans to expand customer base. Develop sales plan keeping in mind the individuals varying needs for Home Equity. Suggest changes in the current sales plan to enhance productivity. Keep a close watch over the working of other players in the Personal Loan Business. ul> Responsible for day-to-day operations of branch sales team strong> Will be responsible for the branch sales number, hence has to work on improving the sales number at the branch level. Monitor the periodic performance of the each team and encourage competition among each team. ul> Provide leadership to DMArsquos team; strong> Provide the requisite guidance to the DMArsquos whenever required by them. ul> Set and monitor performance objectives for the branch. Ensure that company standards are adhered to by all branch sales staff strong> Continuously review and appraise the performance of the DMArsquos. Design and run sales incentives and promotions for sales staff and channels ul> Directly interact with large ticket customers strong> Have direct face-to-face relationship with customers with huge loans. Providing necessary suggestions or changes in the plan taken by customers\ ul> Basic understanding of the HE Business and the various products ul> Core Competencies: Good network across the market Strong Selling skills Ability to manage the team well Good inter-personal and communication skills Good Relationship Management skills Ability to take Quick Decisions Self starter, plus ability to work hard ul> Technical Competencies: Knowledge of the Home Equity business and products. Sharp analytical & selling skills Customer segmentation - tools and benefits Good knowledge of power point / excel and other office packages ul> Work Relationships: Ability to own the numbers target without being directly responsible. To work well with peers - in collection, credit, etc To influence well teams at lower levels. ul> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Branch Manager Keyskills operations relationship management loans tools analytical selling skills market penetration inter maintaining standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company Limited Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details