TITLE: Freight Forwarding Deputy Manager

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience: At least 5-10 years of experienced in Freight Services / Freight Forwarding Manager with proven Operational and Commercial success in previous employment. Job Profile: - This person will have active day to day responsibility for the Freight Division to ensure the delivery of operational excellence direct all commercial activities and efficiently manage the Division to achieve profitability and growth. - Proactively manage the daily Operations of the Freight Services Division to include all Sea, Air and Road freight forwarding activities. - Lead and direct all Sales and Business Development in line with the company strategy to expand their services within the country and outside - Offer competitive products & services to the market through efficient operations, smart pricing policies and innovative operations - you will develop clear processes and policies to achieve industry best practice in service delivery. - Actively develop client relationships at a senior level and be responsible for delivering services that meet the market requirements and offering smart solutions to secure new business. - Provide leadership, guidance and support to the team; train and motivate staff; develop appropriate succession plans - Manage all Divisional resources to ensure optimum utilization. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Transport/Distribution Manager Keyskills business development freight forwarding pricing policies operational excellence services activities new business direct manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oil Field Warehouse & Services Oil Field Warehouse & Services (OWS) was established in 2005 to cater to the growing demands of the Oil & Gas industry in India. The Gap The rapidly growing exploration and production (E&P) activities in India has attracted more and more global operators and contractors to come to India. Thus all exploration related equipment and consumables are brought from outside the country and have to be returned back to the country of origin after completion of service. This leads to multiple re-imports increasing the possibility of in transit loss or damage to the equipment besides the time and costs involved in arranging and executing the logistics and necessary documentation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details