TITLE: Webmaster / Website Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Proper listing of websites in appropriate categories & subcategories on B2B portals Uploading of exiting/new products on websites Desired Candidate Profile: Graduation in Information Technology. English (spoken and written) proficiency. Knowledge and understanding of SEO tools and Search Engine internals. Knowledge and understanding of B2B business model / internals and B2B Search Engines. Coordinating regarding designing & maintenance of existing/new websites. Searching of alternative/synonymous keywords of each product on search engines. Search Engine Optimization through use of latest SEO softwares. Liaising with B2B portals, framing & operating of service contracts with B2B portals Operating search engine contracts for advertising & marketing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills seo tools information technology website wan english coordinating liaising search engine optimization search engines Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, BCA PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SUPER SAFETY SERVICES Super Safety Services, established in the year 1988, has since then grown consistently and has transformed into a fast-growing family-owned organization managed professionally but still retaining its family values of fairness in all transactions with its stakeholders. We have emerged as a leading manufacturer, dealer and exporter of a wide range of Personal Protective Equipment, Industrial Safety Equipment and other Safety Products, available under the brand name SOLE SAFE. We specialize in Industrial Heat Protective Garments and Accessories, Fall Protection Products and Industrial Safety Shower Systems. Our product design philosophy embraces principles of high quality in conformance with various local / international quality standards, durability, user friendliness, aesthetics, environmental awareness and cost effectiveness. Our state-of-the-art management systems and our customer-centric approach ensure high quality and prompt service to our customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details