TITLE: Software Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Selling companyrsquos softwarersquo,Presenting the software to client and closing the deal face to face - Our sales proactively contact prequalified leads and begin building an account base.- Over 30% of our accounts end up doing business, so repeat sales are very possible across out product line.Sourcing and quoting deals via the phone and either doing a web presentation or in person presentation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills selling accounts account management sourcing closing sales executive sales presentations sales account software sales deal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: cyberindigo net pvt ltd Cyberindigo Net Pvt. Ltd. specializes in providing customized information technology services in the field of consulting and software development to customers in North America, Europe and Asia. Its services include application development, application maintenance, application testing, data warehousing and business intelligence, enterprise software implementation and maintenance, technology consulting and product sales. CNPL is into outsourcing services for application development & maintenance and business processes. The company is mainly focused on providing technology solutions in web technologies and delivering applications through thin-clients. CNPLs client-list includes corporate companies in Fortune 500 companies and SMB segment. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India. CNPL has successfully over 200 complex web applications that has been successfully deployed in the organizations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details