TITLE: Software Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Selling company's software Presenting the software to client and closing the deal face to face - Our sales proactively contact pre qualified leads and begin building an account base. - Over 30% of our accounts end up doing business, so repeat sales are very possible across out product line. Sourcing and quoting deals via the phone and either doing a web presentation or in person presentation. MBA /Post Graduate diploma in sales. Candidate should require skills in Sales, Cold calling, Account Management, Sales presentations, Relationship building. Knowledge of computer and working knowledge on web based software applications and its architecture in order to understand customer requirements and suggest solutions. he/she as a sales hunter can bring in his/her account and also close them. Candidate must be able to navigate gate keepers and have solid phone prospecting skills. Face to face selling skills are must as well. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills sourcing accounts cold calling account management diploma selling skills proactive relationship building closing prospecting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: cyberindigo net pvt ltd Cyberindigo Net Private Limited is the fastest growing IT company in India that is catering its clientele across the globe. Incepted in the year 1996 CNPL primarily focuses on software development, IT consulting and proffers world class outsourcing solutions. With a niche in Mobile development, we have crafted diverse mobile applications for our clients far and wide. Security and Confidentiality being a major aspect when it comes to the clientele side, we ensure that both are maintained ardently by us. Client intellectual information and non-disclosure agreement is strictly adhered to. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details