TITLE: Quality Assurance Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Translate PRDs and requirements into use cases, test scenarios and scripts for manual testing. Create test scenarios for existing and new features and functionalities on the site on an ongoing basis. Work with development and product team to document, prioritise, report,test and solve issues. Develop and maintain process flow and documentation. Own and be responsible for the daily manual testing of the online site, mobile site, emailers, raising issues and following up till they get resolved. Own and be responsible for testing across specified browsers and devices on a daily basis as well as during sprints, raising issues and following up till they get resolved. Desired Skills and Experience Should have 2 yrs experience in Manual Testing Certification in Software Testing and Software Quality would be an advantage. Should have experience testing across devices and platforms. Should have experience in creating Test Plans, Test scripts, Test cases. Well versed in Test Report preparation, Defect Tracking & Reporting Excellent verbal and written communications; ability to explain system issues clearly and concisely and establish effective working relationships Strong problem solving and analytical skills; ability to analyze complex technical problems Ability to multi-task, shift gears quickly, work independently and collaboratively, adapt easily to shifting priorities, process changes, and schedule changes Ability to work independently and under pressure. Knowledge of emerging eCommerce Testing trends would be an advantage. Experience in Selenium & QTP is an added advantage. Should have good experience in SQL database. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills quality assurance documentation development problem solving process flow manual testing qtp test cases selenium defect tracking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Thatspersonal Thatspersonal Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details