TITLE: Barge Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Responsible for carrying out work activity and objectives established by the Client and the OIM with respect to marine and deck operations on the rig - including, but not limited to, vessel logistics, decks and hull maintenance and repair, emergency preparedness, equipment inspection and repair. Conduct emergency drills as required, maintain documented compliances of applicable regulatory authorities, coordinate communications with workboat and helicopter operations, maintain vessel stability and maintain vessel on location. Prepare, operate, maintain, and repair vessel propulsion equipment and other machinery - properly and safely. Receive and discharge fuel oil, lube oil, fresh water, and wastewater to and from vessel under the guidelines of regulatory agencies and Company policies. Change equipment filters and other replaceable parts when necessary. Perform minor repairs to machinery and electrical systems. Troubleshoot marine hydraulic, electrical, and mechanical systems and equipment. Ensure a high standard of hygiene and housekeeping is maintained onboard the rig. Mandatory Trainings: 20 years of overall oil field experience with a minimum of 5 years offshore experience as a Barge Engineer. Chief Engineer unlimited CoC essential PLV / Barge experience Valid Passport and Seamanrsquos Discharge Book. Experience on KEPPEL \'B\' class Jackup Rigs with leg fixation system preferred. Graduate degree in engineering preferred. Mandatory Trainings HLO, HUET, PST Coxswain / USCG Able Bodied Seamen training Rig Stability/ Ballast Control, Jackup-Jackdown Advanced Fire Fighting Medical/ Advanced First Aid. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills operations housekeeping policies logistics fire fighting offshore machinery first aid hydraulic b Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GoldLeaf Corporation GoldLeaf Corporation, an organization is committed in creating exceptional partnerships with our clients that enable us to provide a world-class service while upholding the highest standards of professionalism and ethics. As a company, we strive to add value and create opportunity in all that we do. Our creative, hands-on approach, combined with our wide-ranging experience, expertise and extensive relationships has distinguished us. Our belief is that NO two businesses are exactly alike. Thats why we work closely with every partner to tailor our services and products to the customer relationship goals acquisition, service delivery, retention, data protection and incremental revenue generation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details