TITLE: Pharma Analyst e- Assessment

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES Creating and managing the content creation for multiple assessment projects by understanding the clientrsquos requirement and PMaps product design and meeting the required deadlines. Interacting regularly with the clients for content customization and improvisation ensuring the best client satisfaction. Working directly with the development team to improvise product design, workflow and documentation. Contribute to the development of processes and procedures to develop best content across skill levels across industries. Make independent decisions regarding the content design processes and tools to be used. Work closely with Subject Matter Experts and Industrial Psychologists to ensure the quality project delivery on time. QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Advanced Graduate/Post Graduate Degree in any area that offers subject matter expertise (Previous experience in content area relevant to assessment design and test development preferred) . PREFERRED SKILLS Willing to take challenges associated with the start- up environment. Well versed with Medical process outsourcing terminology i. e. Medical coding, transcription & Scribing. Domain knowledge of Medical terminology, Human physiology & Pharmacology. Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills. Familiar with Microsoft Office Suite of products including Word and Excel. Ability to quickly adopt and learn new software and technologies. Ability to effectively handle multiple situations simultaneously. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills pharma development tools outsourcing documentation workflow product design project delivery medical coding procedures Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PMaps Assessment PMaps Assessment Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details