TITLE: Product Support Specialist - Logistimo

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for a job or career at a fast-growing and highly impactful industry to empower people and society? Are you looking for an opportunity to take ownership and drive results? Look no further because Logistimo is the place for you! Logistimo pioneers mobile and web supply chain technology for rural emerging markets across Healthcare, Consumer goods, Agricultural goods, Waste management and Humanitarian action. Customers include agencies of the UN, Ministries of Health of different countries, Public Health Units, Retailers, Distributors, Transporters, Wholesalers and Producers seeking deeper integration of the first- and last-mile of their value chains. From Asia to Africa, at Logistimo, they apply technology to improve supply chain performance, create greater transparency, decrease operating costs and provide clients with a competitive advantage. Based in Bangalore, Logistimo needs a capable and motivated Product Support Specialist to help provide the best support on the Logistimo product for all its users. Key skills required include an ability to manage product issues or requests raised at various levels and integrate them to the product pipeline in coordination with the engineering team. Another key aspect of the role is to provide all levels of customer support to users including prioritizing escalations, new feature launches, creating easy reference guides/FAQ, user issue analysis etc. Helping to derive client insights and drive process transformation, this role presents a unique opportunity to make a tangible difference in rural healthcare, agriculture, disaster response and beyond. Target salary range is highly competitive (7 - 12L CTC) and will be based on previous experience, subject to customary increases on joining. Â This is not a shift based role; you will be working regular office hours (which will be same as rest of Logistimo team). Detailed Responsibilities: Investigate, diagnose and respond to technical questions and issues received from customersÂ Provide thorough product support across all levels (large technical issues and granular - device related issues)Â Promptly answer support related emails , phone calls and other communicationsÂ Log reported bugs to the engineering team via bug reporting platformsÂ Partner with the engineering team to ensure filed bug fixes are completed within the stipulated time frameÂ Support pilot deployments across new regions with new customers; provide direct and ongoing user support; provide onsite training for users; monitor and report support data across multiple metricsÂ Gather, consolidate and present data periodically from the customer request tools to internal stakeholdersÂ Design, test and implement improvements in the tools and processes deployed by the customer success team in partnership with multiple stakeholdersÂ Create and update the technical support 'FAQ library' periodically, in collaboration with the internal communications teamÂ Keep abreast of new features and product enhancements Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Based on previous experience, subject to customary increases on joining. Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Supply chain Product management Product support Customer support technical support helpdesk customer support Team lead Email Support email technical Technical Service Manager L3 FAQ Training SAAS Desired Candidate Profile 2-3 years of relevant work experience in an IT/Product support environment. Experience working in healthcare/development sector/SaaS products would be beneficialPassion for customer success - Going above and beyond to resolve customer issues. Proven ability to promptly answer support related email, phone calls and other communicationsÂ Experience in working with multiple stakeholders- Able to represent the company externally and work with external customers (individual and institutional). Experience in collaborating with internal teams (product, technical, business, etc) to resolve customer issues is a mustExperience in product management - providing product related (technical)support. Ability and interest to learn new technologies / product features and discuss this with technical teams and non-technical customersÂ Problem solving - Ability to think quick and problem solve independently. Ability to solve challenging problems using input from diverse sources and forming a solutionA fantastic communicator - Excellent oral and written communication skills in English; knowledge of Kannada and Hindi would be beneficialÂ Ability and willingness to travel - To conduct trainings with client and represent Logistimo externallyExperience in Microsoft Office - Word, Excel and Powerpoint Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: SHORTLIST PROFESSIONAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Logistimo Logistimo: Logistimo pioneers mobile and web supply chain technology for rural emerging markets - across agriculture, healthcare, consumer goods, waste management and humanitarian action. Customers include retailers, distributors, transporters, wholesalers and producers seeking deeper integration of the first- and last-mile of their value chains. From Asia to Africa, at Logistimo, they apply the technology to improve supply chain performance, create greater transparency, decrease operating costs and provide clients with a competitive advantage. Shortlist: The recruitment process for this role is being managed by Shortlist. We are a startup recruiting company with a difference. We create 3D profiles of all job seekers including background, experience, personality traits and demonstrated ability to communicate and problem solve. We are currently in a pre-launch phase and we are trialing our process with a select few customers and job seekers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details