TITLE: SEO EXECUTIVE

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Executing SEO activities as per the defined SEO plan Comprehensive keyword research On-page activities such as but not limited to page title & meta data Off-page activities such as but not limited to blogs , forums QnA , directory submission , social bookmarking , article submission Daily , weekly & monthly reporting for the assigned key strategic SEO accounts Qualifications: Excellent command over written and spoken English language In depth understanding of SEO best practices Must have hard-core-hands-on execution experience Between 1 and 3 years of core SEO experience Preferably from a 360 digital agency background Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills accounts seo directory submission keyword research social bookmarking english language spoken english activities experience monthly reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Interactive Avenues Pvt. Ltd. Interactive Avenues is a full-service digital marketing company with offices in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. Our comprehensive bouquet of services range from media, creative, search, analytics, mobile, social and ORM. In short, all your digital media needs are served and packaged to meet your business objectives. We are a part of the IPG Mediabrands family, the global media holding company of Interpublic Group and a full-service media network.IPG Mediabrands manages and invests $36 billion in global media on the behalf of its clients, employs over 8,500 diverse marketing communication specialists worldwide and operates businesses in more than 127 countries. Launched in April 2006, Team IA is today not just the largest in the industry, but by far the most experienced. Our team comprises over 220 interactive marketing professionals with an unparalleled passion for their work. Our experience and domain expertise across sectors like Finance, Insurance, Telecom, Automobiles, Real Estate, Travel, Logistics, E-Commerce, IT, FMCG and Education makes us the preferred choice for blue chip companies and the No. 1 Digital Marketing agency in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details