TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Educational Qualifications: MBA or equivalent marketing degree from reputed Management institute. Or Bachelor\'s degree in Engineering from a reputed institute. Experience: Approx 8 - 10 years Preferred - Sales / business development Analytical skills - Value chain, Customer & Competitive analysis, Market opportunity, issues and trends analysis . Job Profile: . Understanding of market & it\'s culture The ability to manage multiple tasks efficiently and work productively Excellent Communication Skills in English (Verbal & Written) Experience in handling International clients will be preferred Engineering Background will be an added advantage Knowledge in different marketing strategy like e- mail marketing, cold marketing, etc Building and maintaining database of clients/ vendors. Ability to deal with Clients/ vendors professionally and negotiate and generate business. Build and maintain cohesive working relationships and share information with colleagues and other staff. Work Plan and initiate activities for the new business development opportunities after discussion with management. Keeps asking himself Are we taking initiatives effectively with colleagues by communicating regularly and sharing relevant information. Ensure a smooth and frequent communication with the Management and HO. Monitor market and competitor activities to provide constructive input and proactive feedback regarding the development. Share all the experiences and good practices with peers and seniors so that we Lead and Learn from each others and ensure that We Are Growing Together Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oil Field Warehouse & Services Oil Field Warehouse & Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details