TITLE: Quality Analyst, Transcription, Transcriber

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: We are looking for Quality Analyst Transcribers with excellent listening skills to transcribe audio related to Science and Business subjects and also quality check the transcripts. You will be working on varied assignments and projects. The range of assignments will also expose you to vast, diverse and interesting subjects. This position requires the Quality analyst to also handle considerable amount of actual transcription along with QA of transcripts with client-ready quality in all transcripts. Key responsibilities: Transcribe audio files and ensure that the final transcript meets the quality standards set by Crimson Interactive. Ensure timely delivery. Skills required: Good online research and information verification skills. At least four to five years experience in Transcription is required with experience in an independent QA position. Good communication and time management skills. Client focus: On-time delivery and very high quality. Preferred Skills: Proofreading Skills. Good typing speed. Attention to detail. A general knowledge base on diverse subjects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills transcription verification audio online research good typing speed skills quality analyst time management skills attention to detail qa Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: First Recruits We are a small and growing Manpower Placement Consultants, we specialize in recruiting candidates across various verticals. Our core competencies include recruiting for: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details