TITLE: Clinic Head

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Competencies required (must have): Advanced level knowledge of History Taking, Diagnosis and clinical presentation of Cardiac and related diseases. Advanced level Skills in Physical Examination like Pulse, BP measurement, Weight, Temperature. Basic level knowledge and Skills of ECG Recording, ECG reading. Basic level Knowledge in Panchakarma Treatments. Basic level knowledge of MS Office, Internet use. Neatly Dressed, soft - spoken, clear dialect, fluent in English, Marathi and Hindi. Caring and friendly attitude and ability to build relationships with staff and the community. Competencies desired: Expert level knowledge in History taking and clinical presentation. Expertise in ECG and Panchakarma Treatments. Advanced level knowledge in Emergency management. Job description: Verifies patient information by interviewing patient; recording medical history; confirming purpose of visit. Prepares patients for examination by performing preliminary physical tests; taking blood pressure, weight, and temperature; reporting patient history summary. Secures patient information and maintains patient confidence by completing and safeguarding medical records; completing diagnostic coding and procedure coding; keeping patient information confidential. Maintains safe, secure, and healthy work environment by establishing and following standards and procedures; complying with legal regulations. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications. Daily Reporting to Area Manager. In addition to these you have to perform various duties and responsibilities assigned by your superiors. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Clinical Research Manager Keyskills cardiac coding marathi standards regulations procedures knowledge level knowledge of ms office history Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: first Recruits We are a small and growing Manpower Placement Consultants, we specialize in recruiting candidates across various verticals. Our core competencies include recruiting for: 1. Frontline: Sales Advisors / Store Incharge 2. Junior Management: Officers / Sr. Officers 3. Middle Management: Assistant Manager / Manager / Senior Manager 4. Senior Management: Deputy General Manager / General Manager / Vice President 5. Head Hunting With having over 10 years of experience in the IT sector and a Master\'s degree from Welingkar Institute of Management, we understand the importance of your business, it\'s values and its resources; viz. your valuable employees. Our role begins with the client\'s needs; we then go to great lengths to understand the nature and complexity of the client\'s business. With this valuable information we are able to provide the most relevant candidates for the role Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details