TITLE: Design lead

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role & Responsibilities The front-end of the portal is amongst the 1st impression with the customers and as many people do believe that 1st impressions are the last impressions, we strive to create lasting impressions. And design is a critical piece of that. The role involves a mix of graphic design, messaging and copywriting with illustrations thrown in. We believe in a simple, clean and cool design/UI that doesn\'t require the customer to think. Key responsibilities will be - Drive UI & UX decisions - As we keep scaling and adding categories and features, the challenge will be to keep the complexities simple and dummy proof. Design and implement public facing pages Ensuring our product meets web standards and function across all browsers and devices Copywriting - at various customer interface points, including e-mails & key marketing areas Taking ownership of the product to drive changes that will help all of the above Skills/Traits required Expertise in JavaScript, HTML, Ajax (PHP is a plus) Exceptional visual design & UX sensibility Proficiency with photoshop Self-driven and passionate to create brilliant online products/features that will help \'make a difference\' to people out there Really excellent attention to detail Open to iterative process of development - there will be continual research and feedback to help improve the product, so an open mindset of \'learning and correcting\' on the go is necessary Sense of humour Active on twitter and facebook is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development portal front end php messaging passionate facebook html photoshop javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Skillzot Skillzot.com is a young, energetic and mad startup, here to help you nurture your talent or passion so that you can find joy in what you do best. We all have unique talents - something which sets us apart, something which makes us special. Do you think you\'d be a fantastic dancer? Do you want to give skate-boarding a shot? Or are you a computer engineer by day but a wannabe archer like Katniss in Hunger Games? With our help, you won\'t need to cut off your thumb, like Eklavya had to in Mahabharat, for good teachers who can help you hone your specific talent. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details