TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills & Responsibilities: To acquire merchant/retailers/sellers to set shop on Gooutsource. com. com Build and maintain database of retailers in North India Fixing Meeting, presentation with Merchants/sellers. Coordinating with the in house teams for Merchant On boarding. Work with the Web analyst to measure and maintain the accuracy/Quality of dashboards Catalog and success metrics. Responsible for understating Merchants overall strategic goals and translating these into strategies for consumer acquisition, conversion and retention. Ability to gain the respect and trust of Merchants, to help position Gooutsource. com. com as a strategic business partner for key retailers. Responsible for identifying new merchants with his/her respective Social network. Analyze website traffic and provide recommendations, Conduct regular checks on the performance of Merchants Catalog. Coordinating with appropriate teams to manage online advertising, banner campaigns, text links and social media programs for different Merchants. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills retention website social media coordinating business development manager metrics social network strategic on boarding responsible Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GoOutsource GoOutsource is one of the leading providers of outsourcing services. With an experience of working for numerous clients, we have achieved unsurpassed business and technological expertise. Our sole motto is to build an extensive base of knowledge to deliver services that cater client needs as well as business expectations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details