TITLE: Safety Officer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Construction site inspection reporting, maintaining records Maintaining Third Party inspection reports of lifting tackles, cranes etc. Ensure the implementation of safe operating procedure by operatives. Investigate all reported unsafe actions/Near misses/Incidents / Accidents immediately and maintaining record Ensure that the personal protective equipment is adequate, maintained and appropriate for use by the employees with respect the specific job hazards. Ensure that the emergency equipment and procedures are adequate to take care of an emergency. Conduct regular drills and exercises to test these and the emergency response. Conducting Toolbox Talks to workers, staff and monitor participation by all personnel. Identify the areas of environmental shortfalls and advice on appropriate controls. Monitor the activities involving potential environmental damage and advice the Line management on corrective actions or appropriate control measures. Monitoring of Health and Hygiene conditions at site. Follow up on a variety of permit systems and inspections Participate in all Safety Inspections and audits Co-ordinate with client and HSE representatives during inspection and approvals. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Safety/Health/Environment Role:Safety Officer/Manager Keyskills co procedures monitoring hse maintaining safety inspections cranes equipment third party inspection personal protective equipment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EHS Engineers ASK-EHS Engineering Consultants is capable of catering quality and state-of-the-art services in the field of OHSE to the emerged and emerging Construction Projects and Operation Industries in India and abroad, ranging from mining, metal, chemical, petrochemicals, oil and gas, fertilizer, consumer goods, public utilities to power sector including atomic power plants and high-tech installations. Rapidly advancing Science and Technology with global marketing competition is bringing up new challenges for the captains of the industries, in the face of which, it has become imperative for them to adopt due diligence and corporate accountability towards the people, the society and the environment. Modern multinational managements are no longer asked only to conform to standard specifications of OHSE; rather democratic legislation demands industries to rise to the level of global performance standards to take care of entire OHSE responsibilities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details