TITLE: Java - Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this + Expertise with good object oriented designs, domain modeling good agile practices like test-driven-development, CI is a must-have. + Your ability to integrate into the team, inculcate that value system and create software with harmony is just as important. + Act as the software guardian. Own non-functional requirements, architectural direction, quality of the code and addressing technical debt. + Experience with REST, Tomcat, Apache, JUnit, Subversion/GIT, JMS, Eclipse/Intellij. Familiarity with Play! Framework is a plus. + Experience in analysis, design, coding and implementation of large-scale Java object oriented applications web 2. 0 applications. + Your programming ability is top notch and you are looking to work for a team that values that. + Experience developing for mobile web applications, JavaScript or Front End development is a big plus but not required. + Ability to mentor other developers enforce good development practices like encapsulation, composition, continuous integration test driven development. + Be aware of activity in the open source world. Contributing back to open source is valued. + Analysis remediation of production issues and building in instrumentation operational readiness into the system architecture. + Experience with Agile Methodologies such as Extreme Programming (XP) and Scrum is a must have. + Knowledge of test automation is required. Use of Selenium or SOAP UI is a plus. + Strong knowledge on OO design including design patterns their applicability. + Design develop Java applications to be flexible, scalable robust. + DevOps areas of continuous and automated deployment. + Lead a team of 4-6 developers. + Knowledge of Unix/Linux and Jenkins. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills java javascript development design patterns jms eclipse open source junit coding selenium Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Camellia Management Services LLP Camellia Management Services LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details