TITLE: Senior role in Telecom Analytics

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Role- Senior role in Telecom Analytics Role Detail- To build the Telecom analytics practice and manage the team. Build advanced models to help acquire & retain customers, including pricing analytics & customer lifetime value models. Build cross-sell/up sell models for sales,ensure optimized return on marketing and promotions. Participate in employee engagement activities, including coaching & mentoring junior team members. Engage with clients and stakeholders and provide solutions. Requirement- Should have worked at Third Party environment ,helping clients in taking decisions. Should have experience in building various regression and cross sell model built on SAS,SQL. BE/Masters with Strong Mathematical/Statistical pedigree from a premier institute. 6-8 years of total exp and should have people management experience in current role Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Service Delivery Leader Keyskills telecom analytics coaching pricing third party regression cross sell people management build employee engagement activities Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details