TITLE: Sr. Asp.net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Design, Development, Code Review, Implementation and Support of moderate & complex modules of an application using mentioned platforms Team work allocation & Status review meetings Technical/Functional errors reduction & fixation Project documentation Extracurricular activities Training (Technical/Domain) Contingency & Succession Planning Desired Candidate Profile: Expertise in Asp . Net 2. 0/3. 5/4. 0 & experience in MVC framework is a plus. Expertise in C# . Net 2. 0/3. 5 Expertise in MS S QL Server 2005/2008 Knowledge of OOPS concepts Knowledge of other technologies i. e WCF, WPF, WWF, Web Service, Silverlight, Remoting would be added advantage. Knowledge of 3 tier architecture would be an added advantage Knowledge of Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Transaction Maintenance, Joins, Index Good written and verbal communication skills Good logical, analytical and reasoning skills Self-driven on studying complex requirements Extremely hard working and eager to learn Well disciplined at work Good Team Member. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills analytical hard working ms sql net 2 0 functions web service asp net knowledge asp net 2 0 eager to learn Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism More than 30% Selection Ratio thereby reducing the HR Time & Efforts. Optimum Satisfaction for Each Selected Candidate. To work in close coordination with each & every clients for their Executive Search & Consulting requirements. To provide value added services apart from the normal requirements for each assignments. To execute each and every assignment with utmost Trust & Integrity. To adhere to follow & maintain the Strict norms of the client & their code of ethics. To thoroughly crosscheck the short listed candidates profile before they appear for interview. To act as an Internal HR of the Company rather than considered as Placement Agency. To serve each Candidate & Client with utmost respect, honesty & Professionalism. To provide the guarantee of each & every selected candidate as per the Service Agreement Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details