TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interacting and building relationships with market, Management and Teachers to create and service the demand for PCDS offerings. Building a team of Trainig Advisors who will be the front line of the sales effort. Inspiring, leading and coordinating the team to evolve into partners working towards a common goal of school improvement with the school management. Take PCDS into the next stage of product growth through penetration in small cities and towns. Coordinate with SBU Heads of different products and services to ensure Maximum geographical reach and coverage. Desired Profile: Field level sales experience of atleast 5 years with proven record. Strong target orientation with a history of overachievement of targets. A quick learner with a deep personal motivation towards self-improvement. "Willing to work the field" and travel extensively A "team person" inspiring and living the dream. Extensive experience of travel and knowledge of the region would be a distinct advantage Self-starter with the ability to motivate and develop an effective team of advisors. Entrepreneurial streak, with a strong desire to do something "different", and a liking for education. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills service travel penetration coordinating field team building be operations sales quick learner Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PCDS Infotech (P). Ltd. Pratibha Consultancy and Development Services called as PCDS InfoTech was Established in 2007 as consultancy with Training and Certifications provider and now PCDS is the place where business meets technology. Its a modern age company with a revolutionary vision. The perfect solution for your business is provided, period! We thrive for customer satisfaction. The client is given the highest priority. We are known for our good response time and on schedule delivery. Our team focus is on providing professional quality work on time. Our proven success lies on long term relationships and repeat projects. With globally competitive spirit and technical know how, PCDS InfoTech dominates the rapidly growing technology market with projects overflowing from all corners of the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details