TITLE: SQL Reporting Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Duties & Responsibilities: The SQL Report Developer will manage the client and enterprise information and reporting needs Work closely with internal customers analyzing problems and to create and maintain reports, maintaining SSRS Reports and ad-hoc SQL scripts. SQL Report Developer will work across enterprise database systems. Assist users in creating report specifications Designs report options and/or database queries to meet the needs of the organization. Writing custom reports, SQL Scripts, Advance Searches and queries. Maintaining internal SSRS Reports and ad-hoc SQL scripts. Performing and maintaining data extracts and imports Provide analysis services for business data needs and makes recommendations for viable solutions. Address issues of Data Integrity/Migration (Validation, Clean-up and Mapping) Troubleshoots data issues, validates result sets, recommends and implements process improvements. Ability to effectively translate user requests in to reporting specifications. Ability to utilize Visual Studio in creating and deploying SSRS reports. Possess strong communication and analytical skills to effectively elicit, capture, develop and implement customer requirements. Ability and willingness to learn new applications and business processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql ssis ssrs visual studio validation mapping computer science tools maintaining analysis services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc, B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Prerequisites: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related degree. Experience using SQL Server 2008-2012, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, ETL tools and Windows Operating Systems. Must have 2 years professional experience working with SSRS. Skills and Technical Requirements: Very strong 2008-2008 R2 SSRS Report Writer. Very strong SSRS skills writing Reports and creating Data Extracts from a Data Warehouse. Enhance existing applications' searching & reporting capabilities Design/develop one off queries to support analysis of various processes Proficiency in gathering and analyzing business information needs/issues Company Profile: MSP1 MSP1 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details