TITLE: Operational Risk Management Financial Reporting

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The successful ORM Analyst will be working within the Operational Risk Management department, and will be part of a team supporting the Global Operational Risk Managers. - The successful candidate will build up strong relationship with key stakeholders and proactively support the business. Analyst will assist the ORM team in a number of ways, including: - Operational Risk Management Dashboard i.e. managing the update, aggregation/ trend reporting and managing breaches - Assist with Metrics reporting and automation / validation / enrichment of firm wide data pertaining to risk indicators with the help of VBA, SQL and other framework languages - Database to maintain Loss Incidents undertaken - Risk and Control Self-Assessment support for Risk Register / Controls Inventory maintenance - External loss processes from timely data collation and maintenance of external events discussed within Business Risk and Control Meetings. - Regular BAU processes e.g. Centralizing parts of Pre Trade Approval i.e. checking whether any have been flagged for OpRisk attention and then directing appropriately - Assist with preparation of various Committee presentations - Assist with various Projects / initiatives You Offer: - Proficient with Microsoft VBA, Access and programming languages including SQL and XML - Work experience in a Financial Institution a Plus - Prior experience with Operational Risk a Plus - Good communication skills - Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills sql automation xml events validation financial reporting dashboard microsoft metrics checking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CREDENCE HR SERVICES PVT LTD Our passion is our cornerstone of success. Passion flows in all that we do. The usuals like cost effectiveness, confidentiality, integrity, client focus, etc. are all foregone in our dealings. We do all these and more for you- whether you are looking to hire or looking to get hired. We are driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world of human resources than we knew yesterday and more tomorrow than we did today. Coupled with this is our ability to convert ideas into delivery makes our model a force to reckon with. We therefore, provide solutions and not just service Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details