TITLE: Project Managers

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Engineering Degree holders applying for the position of Project Managers need to have minimum of 4-5 years of experience on structural detailing including modeling and checking. He/She can be either Civil or Mechanical Engineer from a reputed engineering Institution. Diploma Engineers applying for the position of Project Managers need to have minimum of 5-6 years of experience on structural detailing including modeling and checking. He/She can be either Civil or Mechanical Engineer from a reputed engineering Institution. ITI Engineers or Draughtsman applying for the position of Project Managers need to have minimum of 7 years of work experience on structural detailing including modeling and checking. He/She can be either Civil or Mechanical Draughtsman from ITI. He/She should be skilled enough to manage the entire project with a team of detailers, schedule staff and execute project precisely. Should have leadership qualities, management qualities and good communication skill in English as clients are based outside India. Should be able to lead and motivate team members for optimal production. Should have proficiency in IS or AISC standard. Should be deadline driven individual capable of multitasking. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills project management diploma iti detailing modeling checking english multitasking good communication skill mechanical engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Techflow Engineers (I) Pvt. Ltd Techflow Engineers (I) Pvt. Ltd. has emerged as a global leader in detailing zone. We have been breaking the boundaries of geographical limits and developing at lighting speed. With our deep-rooted establishment in India (Navi Mumbai) we have stretched across globally having international operations from USA thus giving a thrust to the detailing industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details