TITLE: Software Engineer - PHP/ LAMP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate should have Minimum 1 yrs. of hands-on work experience in PHP 5 , mySQL and related Open-Source technologies. Good Knowledge of database technologies and SQL Optimization. Good development skills in core PHP and mySQL. Required Traits Result oriented and focused with go-getter attitude. Good command over the programming logics. Excellent Problem-solving and Innovation skills. Excellent Communication skills with Client handling ability. Multi-tasking abilities : able to work on several projects at once , in a fast-paced , challenging , and dynamic environment Must have worked on MVC architecture. Experience in any frameworks like Zend , CodeIgniter , Symfony , CakePHP etc. Experience on MYSQL 5.x is required. Inventiveness , curiosity , and a drive to go above and beyond and develop new and innovative products is the must have attitude. Ability to work under tight deadlines and on multiple projects simultaneously , with minimum supervision Knowledge of the latest standards and coding standards Clear understanding of Object Oriented Programming Concepts. Expertise in jquery , Ajax , prototype building and UI development. Thorough knowledge of web technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills coding problem solving sql optimization standards symfony ajax prototype cakephp zend Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IT Shastra (India) Pvt. Ltd ITShastra is the "one-stop solution" to all IT design and development needs of an organization. ITShastra is incorporated with a mission to assist their clients achieve their business goals and get the maximum ROI on their IT investments. Having made its mark in custom software development, website development, ASP.Net, Java, Open Source, PHP, Web Application Development, Mobile apps Development and offshore IT outsourcing services, ITShastra expertise in the design and development of robust and scalable web and mobile applications development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details