TITLE: Pricing Optimization Expert

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities: - Responsible for forecasting demand across multiple dimensions, within a city, by micro-geographies. Leverage historical data on demand and customer behaviour, to develop robust forecasts for predicting demand. - Provide insights to shape business strategy, by isolating and quantifying the contribution of business drivers (pricing, seasonality, promotions, supply) on aggregate growth. - Collaborate and communicate findings to diverse stakeholders Skills and Qualifications: - Quantitative background (OR, Econometrics, Statistics) with 7 years of hands-on experience on time series Forecasting using econometric techniques and machine learning such as auto-neural networks - Experience in demand forecasting in retail domain/eCommerce/Travel etc. - Experience with causal inference and reduced-form econometrics (event studies, differences in differences, instrumental variables, etc) is a must. -Strong experience in Dynamic Pricing/Surge Pricing/Price elasticity . - Strong results driven leader who wants to make an impact in solving real life problems. - Ability to partner with diverse stakeholders and influence Outcome. To Know more about the role contact me manav@rinalytics.com or call me 919986460308 to know more. Rinalytics Advisors - Only Analytics- Only Leadership roles Visit us at www.rinalytics.com. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Keyskills pricing analytics business strategy travel optimization quantitative demand forecasting econometrics time series machine learning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RINALYTICS ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details