TITLE: Product Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills & Responsibilities: Product Manager will Work closely with the Marketing, Technical and Design teams to develop new applications, refine current applications, translate into specifications and drive projects to completion. Gather a functional understanding of the technology and architecture, Forecast and work towards assigned internet application to facilitate decision-making and cross-functional communication. Identifying new technologies for integration into the existing site. Define, track and improve key product metrics and develop tests against those metrics. Conduct competitive analysis and identify areas for deviation. Precisely think through every aspect of the user experience, putting usersrsquo needs and expectations first in the definition of requirements. Continuously identify opportunities for improvement, and incorporate new product features into the Existing products on an ongoing basis. Good understanding of e-commerce, web Technologies, and latest applications available for cross platform compatibility. Fair understanding of Customer behavior and e-commerce trends preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills product management competitive analysis e commerce web technologies understanding metrics internet application technology decision making new product Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GoOutsource GoOutsource is one of the leading providers of outsourcing services. With an experience of working for numerous clients, we have achieved unsurpassed business and technological expertise. Our sole motto is to build an extensive base of knowledge to deliver services that cater client needs as well as business expectations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details