TITLE: Blackrock - Analyst - Aladdin Client Reporting Production

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Team Overview: The Aladdin Client Reporting Production (ACRP) in Investment Services is part of the Aladdin Portfolio Services Group (APSG) organization. The Team is provider of account and fund information to all clients, custodian banks, trustee banks, and consultants. Reporting information includes fund characteristics, underlying manager analytics, transaction activity, and fund performance. ACRP also supports the BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. reporting group and responds to information requests from internal and external clients. Analyst works with various internal clients and groups to provide reporting solutions to meet external clients needs. Over time, develop subject matter expertise and involve / lead projects focusing on accurate / timely distribution of reports in efficient way. Key responsibilities: Act as subject matter expert with in client reporting. Initiate or contribute in projects to re- engineer process / workflow. Constantly evaluate systems, processes and procedures for inefficiencies, and make recommendations for improvement. Understanding production / technology that is generating inherent data points for Client Reports Facilitate bespoke report creation through analyzing and researching client, market and fund data and related information Review the work of peers and Analysts; ensure accuracy and enforce compliance rules as applied to fund performance reporting. Constantly evaluate systems, processes and procedures for inefficiencies and make recommendations for improvement Since process in transformation phase steep learning curve is desired with constant innovation to improve process Understand flow of client and fund information and data between various groups and systems. Participate in cross training efforts on all ACRP functions. Knowledge/ Experience Required: Keen interest in investment products and a preference of 1- 3 years of financial services experience, especially investment management, communications or data visualization Outstanding work ethic and willingness to contribute beyond the scope of ones role to achieve team and firm objectives Excellent attention to detail, extremely accurate and well organized Able to exercise sound judgment and to appropriately document conclusions A strong emphasis on time management in addition to being well organized and detail oriented The ability to perform effectively in an environment of rapid and continual changes Strong Microsoft excel skills across Word, Excel, Outlook and exposure to VBA is required. Exposure to SQL (Structured Query Language) and UNIX is added advantage. Ability and desire to work in a team environment; willingness to ask questions but also to learn independently Highly motivated to learn business and able to connect upstream downstream dots. Keen to learn technology. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BlackRock Services India Pvt. Ltd. BlackRock Services India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details