TITLE: MARKETING COORDINATOR

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Client account management for multiple clients; ensuring their unique needs are met with high quality delivery and within a predefined time frame. Assist key clients, with marketing activities such as recruitment advertising, events management and communications. Support and liaise with recruiters on sector-specific recruitment marketing, materials. Manage recruitment user LinkedIn licenses and monitor / measure results where possible. Maintaining social media content, including company LinkedIn, Twitter, FB accounts including delivery of regular and topical content. Maintaining fresh content on the company website, ensuring information is well presented, up-to-date and consistent with the message. Includes creating, and populating the website with regular adverts, blogs, videos, news items etc. Support the delivery of internal & external events / activities / networking opportunities. Contribute to content / designs for internal / external newsletters, press, publications, presentations and proposals. Maintaining the ComputoVision intranet site ensuring internal communications are posted and information / document library is accessible for all relevant ComputoVision staff. Supporting the planning, creation and delivery of all marketing activities. From a detailed brief, produce high quality design and creative work for distribution to relevant media. Drafting correspondence to stakeholders complying with the Computovision format. Supporting internal communication including distribution of company documentation. Desired Skills and Experience: Post secondary diploma in Marketing or related field. Possess an understanding and have experience with online marketing, branding and project planning. Excellent Microsoft Office skills. Innovative, self starter, able to work with limited supervision. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate effectively with a team. Work well under pressure and ability to manage tight deadlines. Exceptional organizational skills to manage and prioritize a diverse workload. Exceptional writing skills, with experience in document preparation, proofing and editing. Flexible, results oriented with strong attention to detail. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Keyskills accounts networking recruitment diploma documentation online marketing project planning social media website drafting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ComputoVision ComputoVision caters to website design in pune,seo in pune,ecommerce in pune,web hosting in pune,digital marketing in pune and other web development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details