TITLE: Associate, Communications (PR and Content Writing)

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary: ? To lead the Teach For India communications content and drive media awareness and PR for education and the organization. The Communications Associate will be responsible for documenting, capturing and writing Fellowship stories to pitch to the media and to share with an internal audience. This position is critical in shaping the external perception of the Teach For India brand, spreading awareness about the movement and the Fellowship, and inspiring others to join the movement. ? Team Overview: ? The Communications team at Teach For India works with external stakeholders for PR and Events and partners with internal teams to create and execute the overall marketing, brand and communication strategies for the organization. ? This includes the development of targeted outreach strategies, design, events and materials for a diverse, nationwide audience of current and prospective donors, potential applicants to the Fellowship, new Fellows and staff, current staff and Fellows, the alumni body, the education community and extended networks at large. ? Responsibilities: Primary responsibilities include but are not limited to: ? Writing and redefining the content and communication for Teach For Indias website, brochures, reports, and other important documentation Working with the team in creating the Teach For India brand book and guidelines, and training staff and Fellows on communication guidelines. Writing articles for newspapers and digital sites Leading the Teach For India blog Capturing, conceptualising, and writing inspiring stories of classrooms, students, Fellows and Alumni Engaging with media houses to run Teach For India stories To lead the advertising, PR and media initiatives for Teach For India To build brand awareness across relevant mainstream and innovative media spaces ? ? Additional Responsibilities: ? Achieve media mention targets across publications Engage with external stakeholders and create partnerships and tie- ups for communications Use primary and secondary research towards targeted communications To provide support to the Recruitment Team in the selection of highest quality of candidates for the Fellowship To provide support to the larger Communications team during events and campaigns ? ? ? ? Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: ? Excellent communication skills Writing skills and relevant experience ? Competencies and Abilities: Creative thinking ability Ability to deliver under pressure Strong on resourcefulness ? Education and Experience Graduate/ Postgraduate degree Experience in content writing/ journalism ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills pr events development content writing recruitment website secondary research documentation brand awareness articles Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Teach For India Teach For India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details