TITLE: Sr. Graphic Designer/Illustrator

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Contributes to the creation of interactive design concepts through active participation in brainstorms and other idea-generating sessions. li> Helps establish look and feel of concepts. li> Has a competent knowledge of clientrsquos business objectives, brand, consumer and competitive landscape to inform insightful design ideas. li> Understand the creative direction set forth for each project and develops work that supports that direction. li> ol> li> Design: Leverages a competent understanding of technology, user interface design and visual design fundamentals and techniques in generating an effective range of designs/ layouts for all elements of the creative solution that address program objectives, and are visually appealing and motivating. li> Primarily responsible for asset creation and production. li> Prepares and presents layout/ samples to supervisor for direction and approval. Incorporates revisions per client and/ or team feedback as appropriate. li> ol> li> Collaboration: Works enthusiastically, respectfully and collaboratively with other project team members, has a clear understanding of how a projects team operates, their responsibilities throughout a project and what is expected in critiques and team meetings. li> ol> li> Project Execution: Consults with supervisor or projectrsquos creative lead to evaluate projects needs and proactively raise issues that may impact quality or timing of deliverables and offer solutions. li> Actively participates in team meetings to discuss assignments parameters. li> Ensures that internal deadlines, timetables and approval procedures are adhered to for assigned project phases. li> Manages and prioritizes work effectively, and proactively escalates conflicts with workloads. li> Organizes file management per prescribed process and maintain image resource files. li> Helps develop tools and recommendations to improve current processes that impact client deliverables li> ol> li> ol> Desired Skills and Experience: Excellent eye for design, imaginative, well-organized, good-natured, dedicated, flexible and passionate, you bring an advanced understanding of visual and experience design, typography, composition and color theory. Besides a Bachelorrsquos degree in Graphic Design, Fine Arts, Multi-Media Design (or a related field), you have the following: p> Strong digital design portfolio li> 3 years design experience, preferably in an interactive agency li> Advanced command of standard design and layout applications (e. g. PhotoShop, Illustrator, InDesign) and HTML and style sheets. Competency with at least one of, as well as experience or exposure to the following: Flash ActionScripting, video editing (e. g. FinalCut Pro), or motion graphics (e. g. After Effects). Experience designing advertising placements (online) li> Knowledge about design elements, color, composition, etc. , is vital li> Strong time-management skills and ability to prioritize li> Ability to collaborate with a global team, across multiple time zones li> Experience working to meet team-based project outcomes li> Has managed multiple assignments at the same time (including organizing and prioritizing workload, and working efficiently under pressure in a deadline-driven environment). li> ol> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills photoshop illustrator html indesign organizing tools layout ideas digital design user interface Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: brandmovers From humble beginnings in Atlanta in 2003, weve expanded to offices on three continents in global centers of business. We can speak over eight languages and are staffed by representatives from over ten countries. Were strategists, programmers, designers, and solution experts. We are loyal to every client, be it a Fortune 500 company or a start-up, and we make it our highest priority to give measurable results on every investment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details