TITLE: QA Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Analysis of requirements and assistance in requirement gathering. Expected to perform the testing of Mobile and Web based applications including but not limited to Acceptance, Functional, Data integrity, Regression, Performance and Usability testing. Writing test cases on high level test plan and system requirement. Executing test cases and analyzing results. Detecting and tracking defects using defined bug tracking system. (e.g JIRA) Designing and implementing automation test cases with required tools and scripts. (e.g. Automation using Selenium) Ability to work on multiple projects within the stipulated time. Working closely with Development and Product Management teams and processes to ensure quality product releases in a timely manner. Being creative in finding solutions to overcome obstacles. Proactive and thorough communication with other team members. Qualification Required: Bachelors degree or higher Engineering from reputed Institute/University. Skills Required: First and foremost, wersquore looking for someone with: Experience in manual testing of Web and Mobile (iOS & Android) Applications. Good logical and analytical skills to leverage defining test cases. At least 6 months of Hands on Test Automation Experience. (Using Selenium Webdriver with TestNG) . Experience in Performance testing with Jmeter would be an added advantage. Should have a Basic Knowledge of Java. Desired Requirements: Other things we like in a potential candidate: An individual contributor who can deliver the task assigned. Can work as a part of team that is geographically distributed. Experience with tracking tools like JIRA. (actually, we prefer JIRA since we kind of use it a lot) . Continually improving testing methodology, testing procedures, and test environment. Proficient at utilizing existing QA tools and processes, and provides input to drive continual improvements. May need to be available for calls / meetings beyond office hours. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills java development android manual testing performance testing test cases test plan product management requirement gathering jira Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blisstering Solutions Blisstering Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details