TITLE: Accounts

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Scope and Responsibilities (Breadth and specific duties of job) raquo Maintaining transactions in Tally 9 raquo Timely preparation of payroll & invoice. raquo Timely filing of returns such as PF, ESI, P. Tax, S. Tax, etc. raquo The job is to be done through team of accts asst. Competencies (Leading & Managing / Coaching / Functional & Technical Knowledge / Personal) raquo Thorough Understanding of Accounts upto finalization, Payroll and related activities such as PF, ESI, TDS, etc. raquo Strong Analytical skills Desired Personality Traits raquo Excellent written and verbal communication. raquo Strong communication and influencing skills. raquo The candidate should be enthusiastic and energetic and capable of working in a dynamic environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills accounts tds payroll invoice pf esi returns filing maintaining coaching Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Globe Security Services Private Limited We are pioneers in the field of Detective & Security services. We\'ve been around from the days when organised professional security and detective services didnt exist. Simply because we started them up. Over the last 50 years, we have created a niche in the market by offering a truly comprehensive range of Detective and Security services. Our preparedness to accept any enterprising job of security management & detective work has made us one of Indias leading security agency. We aim at relieving the management completely of security and all allied problems. Services which cater to the smallest need of our clients. We are an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company and maintain highest level of quality and professionalism in providing security service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details