TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of FiniteHR, Startup Job Description Our Client Bombil Media (MobCast) is looking for Android Developer Job Designation: Android Developer Job Location: Kandivali E - MumbaiÂ Experience: 2+Years. Job DescriptionÂ We are looking for an Android Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. Responsibilities: 1. Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform. 2. Collaborate with cross- functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. 3. Unit- test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. 4. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. 5. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Requirements: 1. Experience with Android SDK and Eclipse. 2. Experience with usage of third- party libraries within working project. 3. Understanding of Activity lifecycle and usages of appropriate Contexts . 4. Experience with customizable dynamic ListViews and familiarity with different types of adapters (BaseAdapter, etc.) , along with clickable elements in a row. 5. Experience with Asynchronous loading of data. 6. Experience with caching of data using SQLite. 7. Efficient debugging experience using logging (Log.d) . 8. Practice of documentation via Javadoc. 9. Efficient with Multi- Threading and Collections. 10. Familiar in making Custom UI Components and XMPP would be plus point. 11. Cope up with different device size and configuration. 12. Git / SVN experience is a plus Qualifications: B.Tech/B.E.Â Working Days 6 Days a week ( 9: 00 AM to 6: 00 PM ) Interview Address (Address) - Â D- 1, BD3, Mhada Lane 1, Akurli Shraddha Society, Society No.3, Lokhandwala township (near circle) , Kandivali E, Mumbai This is an Immediate Opportunity candidate with less than one month notice will be preferred. Thank you for your Valuable Time Hoping for a Prompt Response!!! Best regards, Eswar- Recruiter FiniteHR Consuting Pvt Ltd Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Finite HR Consulting Private Limited Finite HR Consulting Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details