TITLE: Regional Sales Engineer - Material Handling Division

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for Annual Target for that particular region. Good presentation skills, Problem solving skills. Ability to work in a cross functional team in the region. Absolutely thorough in knowing the customer organizations, their upcoming business plans, opportunities therein, Key decision makers, as well as Influencers. Influence specifications; be aware of the opportunities very early. Work very closely with Weicom Product Head in Mumbai, on the crucial fronts of Sales, Marketing, quoting the right winning price, applications expertise, ability to provide technically robust solutions. Provide technical support and service to customers. Visit customer locations, prepare and present technical and commercial proposals, prepares territory sales strategies, etc. Develop strong customer relationships at all levels (plant engineers, research and technology experts, purchasing managers, and senior management). Report on competitive activity. Requirements: 3-5 years\' experience preferably in the Weighing, Bagging , Material Handling space Degree from an accredited university in a scientific field such as Mechanical engineering, chemical engineering or Instrumentation. Process knowledge of Petrochemical, Chemical plants will be an added advantage. Willingness to travel a must within that region. Proficiency in speaking, writing and reading English. Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint. Excellent oral/written communication skills. In-depth knowledge of target market industries. Planning: an ability to think ahead and plan. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills service travel instrumentation technical support material handling petrochemical english outlook problem solving skills customer relationships Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Jasubhai Engineering Pvt. Ltd. The Jasubhai Group has come a long way since its inception in the year 1966, when \'Chemical Engineering World\' - with a determination to disseminate technical knowledge within the chemical industry in India - was launched. Countries like Germany had already broken the ice and started warming up with rapid industrial development in chemical sector, and as India had also prioritised the same, it was indeed, a need of the hour. What started with a technical magazine, today, has grown into a conglomerate that not only has carved niche for itself in the sphere of B2B publications and events, but also established itself as a widely acknowledged engineering service provider. Jasubhai Engineering Pvt Ltd (JEPL) was formed in the year 1967 to provide integrated and single point solutions to the customers with an objective of providing technological edge to them. Today,the company has more than 300 employees spread over 10 locations in India and overseas. It has three manufacturing facilities, one in India and two in Dubai. The organisation boasts of highly experienced professionals who have empowered it to achieve expertise modernisation, revamping and retrofitting on-line modification. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details