TITLE: Team Member - Product Innovation Cell

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: The Objective of the Job is to Strategies, Design and implement / influence / impact new and existing policies to improve the 0-3 Months New customer experience thus resulting in lowering First Bill churn, High Un-billed Barring, 0-3 Months Churn, Calls Per customer and a positive impact on Customer Satisfaction. Expected End Results & Major Activities Build Circle strategy of improving customer experience - Constantly captures VOC and improves processes in the Circle Address verification Post paid - Ensure Centralization of AV agencies and develop scalable and cost effective model - Align circles to national policies and create a process of continuous improvement - Timely Allocation and AV reverts/ feedbacks back in system - Facilitate circles to ensure 100% AV compliances - Create & monitor Audits and compliance to regulations Welcome and First Bill call Management. Partner Engagement-Timely & Successful Welcome and First Bill call to educate and assist customer with issues. - Providing Forecast on call volumes. Sending the calling data on Time - Sharing the Customer feedback / VOC with all Verticals and EC. Internal Audit/Benchmarking. - Ensure effective deployment of processes in circles - Plan & execute adequate training to all Welcome staff. - Continuous feedback to central team to improve processes bases on market benchmarking - Auditing & ensuring compliance to statutory guidelines in the Circle - Implement comprehensive check and control on processes in conjunction with Circle team. Action Planning with other Departments/ Verticals such as Service Provisioning, Call Center, Credit & Risk to control CHURN, BAD-DEBT, HUB. 0-3 Months Customer Analysis for CPC, First Bill Churn, 0-3 Months Churn , HUB . RCA and their action points to e submitted by the Circles. Releasing Health Check Call Score - To conduct analysis for all KP Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product Executive Keyskills Team Member - Product Innovation Cell Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Role: The Objective of the Job is to Strategies, Design and implement / influence / impact new and existing policies to improve the 0-3 Months New customer experience thus resulting in lowering First Bill churn, High Un-billed Barring, 0-3 Months Churn, Calls Per customer and a positive impact on Customer Satisfaction. Expected End Results & Major Activities Build Circle strategy of improving customer experience - Constantly captures VOC and improves processes in the Circle Address verification Post paid - Ensure Centralization of AV agencies and develop scalable and cost effective model - Align circles to national policies and create a process of continuous improvement - Timely Allocation and AV reverts/ feedbacks back in system - Facilitate circles to ensure 100% AV compliances - Create & monitor Audits and compliance to regulations Welcome and First Bill call Management. Partner Engagement-Timely & Successful Welcome and First Bill call to educate and assist customer with issues. - Providing Forecast on call volumes. Sending the calling data on Time - Sharing the Customer feedback / VOC with all Verticals and EC. Internal Audit/Benchmarking. - Ensure effective deployment of processes in circles - Plan & execute adequate training to all Welcome staff. - Continuous feedback to central team to improve processes bases on market benchmarking - Auditing & ensuring compliance to statutory guidelines in the Circle - Implement comprehensive check and control on processes in conjunction with Circle team. Action Planning with other Departments/ Verticals such as Service Provisioning, Call Center, Credit & Risk to control CHURN, BAD-DEBT, HUB. 0-3 Months Customer Analysis for CPC, First Bill Churn, 0-3 Months Churn , HUB . RCA and their action points to e submitted by the Circles. Releasing Health Check Call Score - To conduct analysis for all KP Company Profile: Reliance Communications Ltd Reliance Communications Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details