TITLE: Sr. SAP BI BO Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ob Summary Provides technical expertise and direction in developing and supporting system-level SAP programs based on internal customer BI requirements. Participates in all phases of the DW/BI development cycle and implementing SAP BI solutions with a focus on the Order-to Cash reporting areas. Position is responsible for the overall architecture and design of the data structures, ETL and access mechanisms, as well as report development using various SAP BI tools, including SAP BusinessObjects.* Responsible for production support and maintenance of SAP BI BO.* Responsible for code extract and summarization routines; coding, testing and implementing complex programs, creating reports and reporting solutions; developing appropriate programs and system documentation according to established IT standards.* Also works with the SAP team on system performance optimization and interoperability issues. Duties and Responsibilities Analyze client needs, working with the Data Warehouse team to deliver enterprise software solutions. Create technical specifications and the development of programs according to specifications. The BI BO Analyst is responsible for technical delivery and participates in full integration testing process, from data load through reporting. Assumes responsibility for testing the application code to verify that programs follow standards and meet specifications. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Possesses proven programming skills within SAP software and associated programming tools. Ideal candidates will have minimum 8 years experience in systems development. 4 years working in SAP Business Intelligence Data Warehousing environment. 1-2 years working in SAP BusinessObjects environment.* Experience with WebI, Dashboards and Crystal reports.* Experience in BO 4.0 and/or BO system administration a plus. Should have experience on a minimum of 1 full software lifecycle development cycle. Ability to transform business function requirements into technical program specs, and to code, unit test and debug programs. Must have strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving skills to evaluate complex business reporting requirements and translate these into value-added Business Intelligence solutions using the SAP BI toolset.* Experience writing custom ABAP reports for SAP ECC 6.0 or later a plus. Support and troubleshoot production systems as required, optimizing performance, and resolving production problems. Ability to lead in a cross-functional, matrix team environment and integrate activities with other teams within IT to ensure successful implementation and support of project efforts. Experience with a variety of data sources (SAP, XML, Oracle, flat file, spreadsheets, etc.) Experience in ETL tools and BI tools such as Cognos BI a plus. Ability to provide timely and accurate project management updates. Excellent verbal and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to produce high quality deliverables and work within an environment with competing priorities. Demonstrates results-orientation and strong work ethic. Development of info-cubes, custom extractors, process chains and info-providers based on business requirements from process teams. Develop and maintain an understanding of AmeriGas business needs; translate user requirements into business-ready reports using SAP BI tools. Troubleshoot and correct complex technical and functional issues/bugs identified during implementation, testing, and post-Go Live. Provide established level of service and support of SAP BI & BO to ensure minimal system downtime. Support and enhance SAP BI & BO systems post-Go Live. Utilize structured methodologies to support tasks. Provide backup for team manager in his/her absence. Mentor other Data Warehouse team members. Provide input to the development of budgets and resource planning. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle xml abap project management sap bi production support business intelligence crystal reports data structures coding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Value Consulting Value Consulting is well over a decade old company, incorporated in the United States, and also having a presence in UK, Europe, Canada, the Middle East, and India. Value Consulting has four key operating domains which include Enterprise Information Technology, HR Consulting, Investment Banking and Management Consulting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details