TITLE: Technical Lead- Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description You will be expected to lead one or more modules of the product. You will be part of the core product development team and will be responsible for end to end delivery of the modules that you own. This will include designing, coding, reviewing, testing, bug-fixing, documentation etc. You will be expected to lead a team of people and take complete ownership of the team deliverables. Candidate Profile BE / B.Tech / MCA / PGDST qualification from reputed institutes is desired. You should have maturity and leadership skills to lead a development team of 4 - 8 people. A existing experience in leading a team is must. You should have a solid experience in J2EE, STRUTS, RDBMS, XML, Eclipse, JQuery. You should have a good designing skills using OOPS concepts. Attitude and aptitude to meet the Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills java j2ee xml struts development jquery mca product development eclipse rdbms Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Speed Jobs Consultancy Speed jobs started from June 2008.It was founded by Mr.Venkatesh Babu its basically partnership firm.We have corporate office at Bangalore and branches office at Hyderabad. We take great pride in offering professional recruitment and management consultancy services for all your staffing needs.We have specialized team in: IT sector: Under IT we have been supporting Service based and product based company.We focus on advising businesses on how best to use information technology to meet their business objectives. Our IT consultancies include estimate, manage, implement, deploy, and administer IT systems on businesses\' behalf. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details