TITLE: Assistant Sales Manager(Real estate)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Good understanding of the Real Estate Market and processes in the lifecycle of a real estate transaction. Interact with the clients and accompany them on Site Visits. Participate in negotiations. Inform Management about upcoming projects in and around our projects . Strong inter -personal and communication skills. Aptitude for Customer Service Delivery. Ability to work in a team. Basic knowledge of working with MS Office and other tools. Good in giving Presentations The Job functions is: An ideal candidate should be go -getter and possess leadership qualities. An ideal candidate should have spent minimum 3 to 5 years of experience in sales & marketing in selling residential properties with a good builders and developer company. Analyze and update to the management about day to day sales & marketing activities. Understand competitors strategies and implement in better ways. Project comparison chart, market intelligence, price comparison chart etc o Monitoring sales & co coordinating with sales team on regular basis. Sales Focused Management: Assist team members increasing sales prospects & regular target achievement. Maintaining and improving the marketing kit & materials. Follow up reports, finalization report of prospective clients, references, sales and collection. Quick selling while launch of properties. Participate in exhibitions. o Corporate presentations, follow up on existing customer reference. Identification of Open stalls in strategically venues. o Email shooting/ online marketing. Regular survey in and around the locations of our project. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills real estate selling online marketing tools market intelligence exhibitions ms office co monitoring email Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Triaxis Colonnades Triaxis Colonnades Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details