TITLE: Mechanical Design Lead - Global Delivery Centre, Gurgaon

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requisition/ Vacancy No. 126791BR Position Title Mechanical Design Lead - Global Delivery Centre, Gurgaon Job Category Engineering - Mechanical Business Line Building Engineering Country India State/ Province/ Region IN - Haryana City Gurgaon Why Choose AECOM AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private- or clients. With nearly 100, 000 employees including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News- Record magazines annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a Worlds Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high- rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients projects. A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion. About the Business Line Building Engineering We deliver creative solutions for building projects for industry, government, commercial and leisure ors. Our building engineering specialists have expertise in structural and building services engineering, fire engineering, acoustics, facades and seismic design. We embed sustainability principles in every design. Job Summary As part of the strategic initiative, Global Delivery Centre (GDC) organisation has been established in AECOM India to provide a wide range of technical services to other parts of AECOM offices around the world. At present, GDC has a core team of 70 personnel experienced in Building engineering and Transportation design, located in Gurgaon, India. Further growth is underway to meet the plan of establishing 300 team size, by the end of FY16, to provide technical services in multi- disciplinary building engineering, Architecture and Structural disciplines. In the initial phases of growth, dedicated teams are formed to cater to the needs of UAE and UK offices of AECOM. This role will be responsible for the total administration of the Mechanical Design department and overall responsibility for the department and supervised groups. The successful candidate will manage, support and provide leadership to Mechanical discipline project leads and Project Managers. Minimum Requirements Expert on providing technical leadership in a specialty.Keeps informed of new developments and requirements affecting the organization for the purpose of recommending changes in programs and applications. Makes decisions independently on technical problems and methods, to resolve important questions and to plan and coordinate work. Applies advanced or state of the art knowledge and experience to resolve crucial issues and/ or unique conditions. Preferred Qualifications The successful candidate will possess a BE Degree or Post Graduation Degree (Mechanical) and preferably a professional membership like MASHRAE, MIMechE, MIEE, MCIBSE, MBA, PMP or similar. Minimum of 15 years work experience. Experience in retail & hospitality large projects. Minimum 5 years of experience in leading project teams. Experience in the Middle East will be preferred. What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aecom Pvt Ltd Aecom Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details