TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KEY OBJECTIVE OF THE ROLE This role is responsible for attracting new business and the growth of our current customer base. To ensure that sufficient revenue is generated for the company by establishing good relations with the existing clients and getting in business form new clients. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES New Business Sales Generate leads and close your own pipeline of business. You will identify cross sell opportunities and ensure that you identify which of the suite of our solutions is right for each client. Co-ordination with the Business Development Executive in terms of leads and new appointments. Approaching and meeting prospective clients wherein the Business Development Executive will get leads and make a pitch. Ensuring that one on one meeting with the client is fixed up for better business prospects. Making presentations to the client on Companyrsquos business and functioning. Nurturing relationships with clients to understand their business needs and requirements. Revenue generation through new and existing clients. Developing relevant business proposals under the guidelines of Business Head. Handling meeting with key clients and team handling. Process management You will be expected to manage the sales process and ensure that your paperwork is complete and up to date. Responsible for daily and weekly reports that go to the client for smooth functioning. QUALIFICATION Bachelors Degree or Masters Degree in CommunicationAdvertisingMass MediaAny other discipline, Related professional courses would be an advantage. . TARGET INDUSTRIES & EXP Digital Agencies, Media Agencies(social media), Advertising Agency, Creative Agencies. Digital media , online media, social networking Industry Minimum 3 - 4 years of experience in Business Development COMPETENCIES Behavioural: Strong initiative and with a positive attitude; Ability to learn quickly, work in tight deadlines and adapt to change; Professional, organized, efficient and accurate; Tenacity, drive and the desire to succeed Resourceful and creative troubleshooting skills; Strong commitment to quality; and A well-developed sense of humour. Technical: Usage of social media tools Excellent working knowledge of Ms Office - Power point, Excel Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills tools ms office social media sales process digital media social networking pipeline process management usage new business Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WATMedia Pvt Ltd We are a digital and social media agency that helps brands connect, converse, collaborate and co-create with its target customers. We do this with the intelligent use of digital, social, search and mobile platforms. We are a full service digital agency that delivers across the value chain right from launching a brand via digital to building a brands salience via digital to driving business leads and sales for a brand. Our focus is to bell the CAT which stands for Creativity, Analytics and Technology and we leverage this to deliver across digital campaigns be it media driven or creative led campaigns. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details