TITLE: Property Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Reference No strong> 3761 Job Title strong> Property Manager Type strong> Permanent Salary Range strong> Competitive Department strong> India Location strong> Mumbai The Role: strong> General 1. Business Execution Establishing and maintaining appropriate customer services procedures and standards based on the agreement/ SOW/ SLA. Interfaces with customers and resolves problems. Evaluating support services, identifying needs, anticipating problems and developing corrective action plans. Providing technical advice and recommendations to higher management. Knowledge of budgeting cost estimating and fiscal management principles and procedures. Planning, developing and coordinating a program of planned, preventive maintenance for plant workforce & office equipment. Overseeing the maintenance and control of facilities management record. Overseeing the office equipment inventory, rental, repair and maintenance. Coordinates building security and regular maintenance and repair services. Coordinates with various vendors. Implementing Efficiency Standards. Responsible for overall safety and security at site. Act as a SPOC for client & Regional office of ISS. 2. Team Development Leading the entire site team including Managers and Executives at the site. Counseling/ grievance handling of the employees to maintain a healthy and harmonious work environment & keep the employees motivated. Maintain discipline and quality of work by all staff Briefs, guides and mentors the supervisory and managerial staff below him. An exemplary team leader with strong team building and sustaining skills. Should prepare Assistant Manager Facility as his back-up for crisis. Coordinate with Area Head Facilities Management Services. 3. Operations & Processes Conducts regular and periodic inspection of Facility, assesses problems and implements improvement in operations as appropriate. Overseeing the office services needed to support department operations. 4. Human Resources Implementing Company HR rules and regulations and all Company Policies. Good at IR Management. Look for Statutory compliances. 5. Management Information/ Reporting Preparing & maintaining all daily, weekly & monthly MIS reports for the handover and Facility Vendor Management & Procurement. Preparing & maintain Project & Site Inventory on monthly basis and ordering requisition for the Project Site. Management of Office and Site Assets, Inventory. Qualifications and Experience: strong> Qualifications/ Education Bachelors Degree in Electrical/ Mechanical. Career Experience Minimum 8-10 Years exposure in Facilities Management and managed a site of minimum 3 to 4 lakhs sq. feet with sound knowledge of technical aspects. Particular Aptitudes/ Skills Strong Networking Skills, Strong Persuasion Skills, Impactful Presentation Skills, Exceptional Communication Skills, Active Listening Skills, Client Relationship Management, Time Management, Knowledge on Technical aspects of Residential Property, Teamwork. IT Proficiency MS Office, HRIS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Manager / Sr Manager - Administration Keyskills ir vendor management hris policies ms office budgeting procurement procedures team building coordinating Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Knight Frank (India) Pvt Ltd Knight Frank (India) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details