TITLE: Area Sales Manager / 3 to 10 yrs / Santacruz(kalina)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent requirement for the post of Area sales manager at Santacruz (kaliana) location About Us: We are one of Indias leading diversified financial services Group. We offers a large range of products and services spanning across asset classes and consumer segments. Its businesses are broadly divided into Credit including Retail Finance and Debt Capital Markets, Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset Management and Life Insurance. The groups research driven approach and proven history of innovation has enabled it to foster strong relationships across corporate, institutional and individual clients. The Life Insurance, Retail Finance including Housing Finance, Mutual Fund and Retail Broking businesses both online and offline formats, have paved the way for us to cater to the large retail client segment. We presence now covers 240 offices in 125 cities including eight international offices with 5,555 employees catering to over 572,000 clients across various businesses in retail and wholesale segments. Qualification: Post graduate (Finance & Banking) Experience: 23to 9 yrs CTC offer: 6 to 8L/A Job Profile: Area sales manager Job Description: - Develop sales and marketing strategies to drive sales growth in the assigned area Develop and manage an efficient distribution network to improve sales performance. Manage the sales team for sales growth and revenue enhancement Conduct market research to understand competitors and market trends. Provide innovative ideas and suggestions to improve the market presence. Coordinate with Zonal Sales Manager to enhance sales performance. Maintain relationship with existing customers for repeat business. Build sales culture and sale centric atmosphere among the team members. Maintain contacts with financial centre personnel, processionals and personal contacts to build referrals. Provide timely feedback to the sales personnel regarding their sales performance. Provide trainings, educational workshops and challenging opportunities for enhancing career growth of employees. Conduct business plan review meetings with sales team. Develop creative promotional strategies to attract more customers. Appreciate the contributions and accomplishments of sales employees through proper rewarding mechanism. Develop performance improvement plan for sales team to meet performance goals. Special Competency: Excellent in communications skills, computer knowledge is must Interested candidate can send CV with Photograph, current & expected CTC send CV an above email id & call on 022-41134422 E-mail Id: yogita@jobsearchindia.in Contact Person Yogita. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search We are one of India's leading diversified financial services Group. We offers a large range of products and services spanning across asset classes and consumer segments.Its businesses are broadly divided into Credit including Retail Finance and Debt Capital Markets, Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset Management and Life Insurance.The group's research driven approach and proven history of innovation has enabled it to foster strong relationships across corporate, institutional and individual clients. The Life Insurance, Retail Finance including Housing Finance, Mutual Fund and Retail Broking businesses - both online and offline formats, have paved the way for us to cater to the large retail client segment. We presence now covers 240 offices in 125 cities including eight international offices with 5,555 employees catering to over 572,000 clients across various businesses in retail and wholesale segments Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details