TITLE: Credit Risk Trade Analyst

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Credit Risk Trade Analyst, you will enjoy a key role within the team, duties will include: Calculating live trade credit risk across all markets (FX, rates, equities, fixed income, commodities) and financial products (loans, derivatives, ) Checking for any discrepancy between pre and post trade analysis Maintain database of exposure corrections across portfolios on a regular basis Communicating with CRM and FO to explain credit risk issues and the need for potential ad-hoc enhancements Performing ad-hoc analysis. enspensp Interested candidates must be able to demonstrate the following qualifications and competencies: Strong technical skills, thorough knowledge of credit risk and derivative products with relevant bankingfinancial products experience Bachelors or Masters degree in quantitative or relevant discipline preferred Knowledge of database and mainstream programs (AccessExcel) and some programming skills (VBA, C , etc. ) is an advantage Ability to work well under stress and tight timelines with a minimum amount of supervision Strong communication skills with the ability to express complex financial instruments in simple terms. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Keyskills loans crm derivatives fixed income fx quantitative checking instruments strong communication skills credit risk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Credence HR Services Our passion is our cornerstone of success. Passion flows in all that we do. The usuals like cost effectiveness, confidentiality, integrity, client focus, etc. are all foregone in our dealings. We do all these and more for you- whether you are looking to hire or looking to get hired. We are driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world of human resources than we knew yesterday and more tomorrow than we did today. Coupled with this is our ability to convert ideas into delivery makes our model a force to reckon with. We therefore, provide solutions and not just service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details