TITLE: Deputy Manager- Marketing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for Sales and Business Development. Conceptualizing and formulating innovative and effective business strategy for Company along with the Business Head/CEO. Should be capable to do product costing. Handling the Existing customer (Key Account Management), their queries, complains their requirement of seats and making new clients. Handle and bidding special orders like government tenders, institutions etc. Handling the quality and other related issues in terms of brand establishment by clearing the customer queries and objections. Sample display and approval from customer. Timely collection of payments and other account related issues. Taking active part Development of the new samples as per customer requirement and safely launch. Internal Coordinate with the team, Production, R&D, Installation team, Account and dispatch department to ensure the timely completion of the project. Handling the promotional activity of the company, like website, catalog etc Handling RFQs, product costing, techno-commercial negotiation with customers. Handle aftermarket of CNG. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidates from CNG/ LPG Industry would be preferred. Knowledge of Costing is also expected. Candidate shall be responsible for OEM & Aftermarket. Good Communication & Negotiation Skills. Candidate is expected to have Pleasant Personality. Â Company Profile: Krishna Maruti Ltd. Krishna Group is a reputed automotive components manufacturing group manufacturinginteriors for cars (like Seats, Doors Trims, Roof Headliner, Rear view Mirrors etc) and Metal Products (like Fuel Tanks, Axles, Exhaust manifolds etc).Present turnover of the Group is approx. Rs.2200 Crores and expected to touch Rs.5000 Crores within a short period of next 3 years. The Group has entered into several JVs with reputed foreign partners like SNIC Co. Ltd.,(Japan) for Seating Systems, Ishizaki Honten (Japan) for Rear View Mirrors, Groupo Antolin (Spain) for Roof Headliners, Quinette Galley (France) for Entertainment Seats, Fatuba (Japan) for Suspension System, Okamoto (Japan) for Fuel Tanks, Magnetti Marelli (Italy) for Exhaust System and Metal Parts, Magna Corporation (Canada) for Seating Systems, SIAC for Cabin System and SILA for Gear Shifter for setting up ventures in India and abroad. Six new projects already started and the Group has aggressive plans of expansion. Currently, we have state of-the-art manufacturing plants in Gurgaon, Manesar, Binola, Faridabad and Pune. Its Seat Division is the youngest and only Seat making company in the world to have received prestigious Deming Prize from JUSE Japan for its overall world class practices and systems. Krishna Group is committed to follow the best TQM, TPM and HR practices and family oriented Environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details