TITLE: Process Specialist

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What will your essential responsibilities include ? Learn business processing in core underwriting system within the defined time periods as per separate Work- Stream plan / Training plan. ? Acquire detailed line specific policy and declaration interpretation skills. ? Gain knowledge on Property and Casualty business and solutions. ? Build- up detailed knowledge on the underwriting systems. ? Documentation of all aspects of the future processes in detail including IT system manuals, workflows and detailed process maps. ? Report progress and performance made periodically to the Underwriting Services Manager. ? Develop himself / herself as a Subject Matter Expert and a role model on the GENIUS / Global UI Property and Casualty products and system. ? Adhere to SLAs and quality targets set. ? Operate process from offshore location and ensure complete adherence to defined Service Level Agreements productivity, turn- around- time, and accuracy. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Process Flow Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Were looking for someone who has these abilities and skills: ? Any Graduate / Post Graduate with 1- 3 years of experience of Backend Operations profile in BFSI domain (Insurance Preferred) . ? Native resident of Delhi / Gurgaon. ? Knowledge of commercial administrative processes. ? Basic knowledge of Casualty loss exposures presented by Fortune 100 0 customer base preferred. ? Good communication & interpersonal skills. ? MS Excel, Exposure to International environment. ? Client service attitude & experience. ? High level of data input accuracy. ? Strong Analytical skills. Company Profile: The XL Catligroup The XL Catligroup Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details