TITLE: Database Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Were looking for a creative, energetic, and self- motivated Database Engineer . This role will work closely with our development team and will cover all aspects of setting up and maintaining databases. This is an opportunity for engineering fresher candidates who seek to start their careers in database administration and are interested in learning new technologies while working with a multinational and global team. Interproductec | Database Engineer | Jobs Item @#$%%^ *~IAO @#$%%^ *~IAO This site was created using Smarter technology for a smarter world Location: Airoli, Mumbai, India | Full- Time | Were looking for a creative, energetic, and self- motivated Database Engineer . This role will work closely with our development team and will cover all aspects of setting up and maintaining databases. This is an opportunity for engineering fresher candidates who seekto start their careers in database administration and are interested inlearning new technologies while working with a multinational and global team. Database, Database administrator, CouchDB, MongoDB, SQL, NoSQL, Javascript, Automation, Scripting Job Responsibilities: Setup and maintain databases Responsible for performance tuning Write automation scripts to setup database clusters Primary Skills: B. Tech/ B. E/ M. C. A/ M. Tech in Computers (Freshers preferred) Must have good understanding of database fundamentals Strong knowledge of Javascript Strong knowledge of scripting languages Should have used/worked on CouchDB or MongoDB Must be able to work independently, and meet schedules on projects where delivery time is critical Willingness to learn new technologies, take ownership of tasks and prove oneself Strong analytical and problem solving skills Good oral and written communication skills Preferred Skills: Familiarity or any experience with CouchDB will be an advantage Excellent understanding of JavaScript Knowledge of Agile methodology Good command over English as a mode of communication among a team comprised of International personnel Who We Are: InterProducTec Virtual Labs Pvt. Ltd. (herein called IPT) is an Artificial Intelligence and IT company providing virtual support to production processes in varying areas of the food industry. Our intelligent sensor systems help our clients achieve the best quality and the most efficient production processes. IPT is backed by multiple experienced investors and industry savvy founders. Over 70 years of research development are the foundation of our innovative high- tech solutions. Our headquarters in Munich (Germany) , with offices New York (USA) and Mumbai (India) , allow us to have a rapidly growing international client base. IPT is proud to offer a value based ideal surrounding to develop your full potential in small teams. You may participate in driving innovations and game changing technology from day one. For our office in Airoli, Mumbai, we are currently looking to fill the position of a Database Engineer to support our team . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Keyskills development sql maintaining javascript database coding performance tuning engineer english automation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InterProducTec GmbH InterProducTec GmbH Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details