TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD: Automation Test Engineer Shift Time: 1 10 pm IST Responsibilities: As part of the automation Tester profile, the key functions needed to be performed by the individual include: Devise test strategies and create test plans for testing the functionality. Decide on the automation process and develop an automated system to test the deliverable. Select and develop appropriate test automation tools as per requirements, applying the latest techniques in test automation; e.g., data-driven testing. Work with the Development team to capture and reuse automated Unit Test Cases, Test Stubs and Drivers, and other Development test objects. Work with the Release Engineering team to create and maintain an automated nightly build verification (smoke) test. Ensure proper version control and configuration management of all test objects developed and test environments used. Research and document bug reports following agreed-upon processes immediately upon discovery of a quality problem. Update test execution status following agreed-upon processes as part of regularly-scheduled test status updates. Trace test cases and results back to specific quality risks. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Build Automation Testing Test Cases Test Engineering Test Execution Release Engineering Configuration Management Unit Testing Version Control Automation Tools Desired Candidate Profile Knowledge & Experience:4 8 years experience in automation testing as well as manual testingAbility to handle multiple tasks/subprojects simultaneouslyMust have expert level competency in Automation using tools like Selenium and HP QTPMust have expert level competency in JAVA, Selenium, JUnit XML, web services, Database (MySQL)Good to have other scripting language knowledge (for example: Perl, Unix shell, groovy) Good to have experience in tools like JIRA, Wiki, IntelliJ Idea, QC and SoapUIGood to have Experience with automation test creations for XML related communicationsGood English communication skills, written and verbal Quick learner Demonstrates initiative Qualifications:Masters/Bachelors degree in Engineering from reputed colleges with First class. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details