TITLE: Assistant Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Collaborates with the Business Development Manager to establish realistic sales targets for the particular Fabrication & Kiosk Construction. Provide & Maintain seamless upward & downward flow of information relating to market & consumer insight to make the sales strategy very adaptive & flexible according to dynamic environment. Manages the specific Fabrication & Kiosk Construction to maximize sales revenues and meet the corporate objectives. Establishes & Manages effective programs in terms of training & record information of all the team members in terms of their productivity. Planning, strategizing & execution of the complete sales strategy of the specific Fabrication, Portable & Modular & Kiosk in collaboration with Business Development Manager & team members to maximize the revenue of the Fabrication & Kiosk Construction. Management & Execution of the sales activities on all key accounts and negotiate sales price & discount in consultation with pricing strategy team. Collaborating with Business Development Manager for developing concrete and accurate Monthly, Quarterly & Annually streams and sales targets. Develop specific plan to ensure growth in the specific Fabrication & Kiosk Construction in collaboration with Business Development Manager & Marketing. Asst. Business Development Manager in Formulating the sales policies, practices & Procedure. Resolve dispute & manage training of the team. Quarterly, Biannually & Annually complete sales report of the specific Fabrication & Kiosk Construction to Business Development Manager. Achieving targets strictly monthly, quarterly, annually laid down of the Fabrication & Kiosk Construction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills pricing fabrication policies business development manager adaptive construction sales strategy team strategy key accounts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tejaswi Services Pvt Ltd We at Tejaswi Services Pvt Ltd are Premier Exhibition Stall Design, Exhibition Stall Construction, Portable Exhibitoin Stall and Kiosk Solution Company in India, offering highly customized products and services for Brand Activation and Engagement. We offer wide range of solutions including Exhibition Stall Solutions, Portable Stall Solution, Brand Activation Solutions and Portable Display Products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details