TITLE: Tableau Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 2+ years of experience in Tableau Development - Administration. Interact with Business users and understanding their requirements. Provides analysis of problems and recommends solutions. Develop, Design, and support interactive Tableau Dashboard reports. Responsible for administration, configuration, maintenance upgrade setting up Tableau Server, Tableau Desktop and Users/ Groups Perform system design and specification development, program logic and flow-charting, testing, debugging, and documentation. Recommending Dashboards per Tableau visualization features. Works independently and with supervisory review on moderate to highly complex programming tasks. Draw upon full range of Tableau platform technologies to design and implement proof of concept solutions and create advanced BI visualizations. Advance knowledge on Tableau BI Creation and server side configuration functionalities. Experience with creation of users, groups, projects, workbooks and the appropriate permission sets for Tableau server logons and security checks. Ability to analyze and dissect user requirements and build front-end BI applications according to specifications. Understanding of relational database structures, theories, principles, and practices. Good SQL reporting skills with the ability to create SQL views and write SQL queries. eTouch Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd, Shivajinagar, Pune | +91-20-2551-3373 | eTouch Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd, Thane | +91-22-2158-0600 | Click here for more job postings Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills desktop email sql documentation server development dashboard configuration front end debugging Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: eTouch Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd. eTouch Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details