TITLE: LTE eNB L2 MAC Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this LTE Software Development, you will play a critical role in designing software architecture , development, testing and validation LTE SW solutions for Cellular Wireless Base- station. The job responsibilities include, but not limited to the following: Architect , design, implement and test real- time L2/ L3 software for LTE/ LTE- A Cellular base station. Port LTE L2/ L3 SW on real- time embedded platform, optimize the stack for performance, memory utilization and ensure that design meets performance requirements. Work with Systems and Test teams to take SW through unit tests, integration tests and stress tests using testing tools and real UE Help IOT team with IOT, characterize and optimize L2/ L3 stack performance in lab and in the field using test equipments and commercial UEsRequirements: 8 years of experience in developing LTE SW for Mobile Wireless Standards such as LTE, UMTS, CDMA2000/ EV- DO Prior experience with L2/ L3 SW implementation for LTE is a strong plus Comprehensive understanding of LTE / LTE- Advanced Standards is strongly desired Must have experience with various aspects of LTE L2/ L3 SW delivery: Real- time implementation, debugging, system test, validation and SW qualification Prior experience in SW development for multicore is a strong plus. Strong expertise in C, C , Linux and embedded programming concepts: SW task scheduler, Multi- threaded system, Memory management. Must have experience in testing/ debugging software on Real Time development platform. Sound theoretical background in Communications and Signal Processing is a plus. Must have the ability to multi- task in a fast paced environment. Must have effective interpersonal, teamwork, and communication skills. Demonstrates good analysis and problem- solving skills. Linux programming experience is a strong plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Asmaitha Wireless Technologies Pvt Ltd Asmaitha Wireless Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details