TITLE: Customer Relationship Officer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Improving the overall customer relationship, delivering reliable administrative support and customer service. Acknowledging customers promptly and treating them in a courteous manner. Finding out what information, products or services the customer requires to meet customerrsquos needs, providing clear, accurate and relevant information. Maintaining a strong knowledge of products of the company. Assist in the analysis of customer trends to enhance sales and service management process and pre- requirements Sales activity planning, including reviewing existing customer files to identify sales opportunities Responsibilities Ensuring achievement of sales targets & exploring market potential to increase business. Initiating structures and briefs for new sales-related communication Handle day-to-day team operations of the sales process. Absorb training & development of new techniques and methods to achieve sales targets. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills customer service development customer relationship sales process methods service management maintaining sales planning team operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Avenues Payments India Pvt. Ltd. Avenues Payments India Pvt. Ltd was incorporated in the year 2012. Avenues Payments is head quartered in Mumbai, India. The company is majorly into providing remittance assistance to customers all around the globe. The companys support and development center is based in Mumbai, India. Avenues Payments India Pvt. Ltd is backed by Avenues India, south Asia\'s No. 1 eCommerce service provider that provides payment gateway CCAvenue (www.ccavenue.com) to thousands of eMerchants across the world. More than 85% of India\'s web merchants across industry verticals like online shopping, hospitality, travel trade and the event management industry use Avenues solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details