TITLE: Java Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : We are looking for someone who has the ability to work independently and is able to understand business workflow and operational requirements. Java Technical Lead Main Function Tech Lead who can work with the users to understand requirements and work with offshore teams to get systems developed. Individual should have hands-on design and development experience on distributed technologies. Individual will be required to co-ordinate with multiple external teams to plan and manage development activities. Role will be highly independent, requires critical and forward thinking, detailed planning and requires very good understanding of J2EE related technologies and oracle database. Main Duties Develop new trade flows and functionality to support equities expansion business. Be involved in the full project lifecycle from requirements gathering to testing, implementation and post-implementation support Manage projects through to completion ensuring requirements are met and delivered on-time. Provide support and minor enhancements to the existing application Person Requirements Qualification / Education Preferred Degree level qualification in Computer Science or equivalent. 7 years knowledge of Java Experience Required Mandatory Investment banking background Oracle (E. g writing PL/SQL stored procedures). Websphere MQ / Tibco /Solace Strong Java Linux / Unix Autosys Shell / Perl scripting Nice to have Futures and Options Knowledge (huge plus) Middle Office Trade Flow Knowledge Weblogic Experience Coherence Experience Perforce Skills / Aptitude Required Ability to problem solve and diagnose issues. Ability to communicate effectively with team members in different geographical regions. Understanding of SDLC processes and ability to apply them throughout the project. Proactive can do attitude. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills java j2ee sql oracle development weblogic pl sql tibco sdlc workflow Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Value Consulting Value Consulting is well over a decade old company, incorporated in the United States, and also having a presence in UK, Europe, Canada, the Middle East, and India. Value Consulting has four key operating domains which include Enterprise Information Technology, HR Consulting, Investment Banking and Management Consulting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details