TITLE: Agile Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description p> The Global Market Operations Technology team in India is a core technology team focused on developing & maintaining software related to Trade processing, Settlement & Clearing of Equities, Fixed Income, Rates, Currencies & Derivatives. p> Job Responsibilities: p> This particular position, of Senior Agile (Scrum) Developer, encompasses the following responsibilities: span> p> Being part of Agile (Scrum) feature team with in Global Market Operations Technology, work on developing software by adopting technical practices and enhancing the current technology solution to meet immediate and longer-term Business requirements. li> Hands on design, development, testing and deployment of software applications supporting the business. li> Working closely with the other technology teams to collaborate on delivering integrated solutions. li> Strong interpersonal skills li> ul> Skills Profile p> Expertise in Python/ Scala/ Java programming li> Strong knowledge of SQL/ Oracle li> Strong knowledge of Agile (Scrum) Methodology li> Experience on Test Driven Development & Continuous Integration li> Knowledge Linux/ UNIX experience li> Exposure to continuous integration tools like Jenkins. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql development python agile derivatives fixed income tools maintaining clearing scala Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd KG Financial Software Pvt Ltd (KGfSL) is a subsidiary of KG Information Systems P Ltd (KGiSL) and a part of KG group. We provide BFSI companies with a world class IT Solutions, Services and Consulting. With a strong BFSI domain knowledge and experience, KGfSL is a boutique consultancy that provides end-to-end solutions and services in all the latest technology available. Our strategies and solutions are custom-tailored to suit client requirements. We bring in new ideas, more innovative and integrated solutions that drive efficiency, effectiveness, innovation and virtualization to all its customers. With over a decade of experience in offering software solutions to BFSI sector, we have comprehensive market, industry and IT consulting expertise. We are the clear leader in broker back office solutions for organizations in Capital Market sector with our flagship product - Dolphin. With our development center in Coimbatore, we have spread our wings at various locations in India such as Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune and Jaipur. We have also created unique services to our clients as our IT consulting expertise helps us identify key market trends ahead of competition. We also cater software solutions for Education and Healthcare Financial Services sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details