TITLE: Content Marketing Associate

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Mumbai What is the company like Directi is a group of businesses , providing various web products and services to millions of global users. Directi businesses include ResellerClub , LogicBoxes , .pw , Radix , and Skenzo . We are 1500 people strong, spread across 5 offices in 3 countries. We are rapidly expanding our sales and marketing focus across various locations worldwide. Business Unit Radix is a part of The Directi Group led by internet visionary and serial entrepreneur, Bhavin Turakhia. Powered by some of the world\'s most desired new top level domain extensions like .site, .online, and .space, our mission is to offer rich and memorable internet addresses that will host the next big idea, initiative, community, enterprise, killer app or viral sensation. While both demand and dependence on internet content and applications continue to grow, short and memorable domain names, or addresses, to access it, are in short supply. Radix is one of the largest new gTLD applicant under ICANN\'s project to allow private companies to bid and operate new extensions, and expects to play a large role in the global diversification of the internet namespace. So far Radix has won the rights to operate the following new extensions: .website .site .online .space .tech .press .host What is the Job like Radix is looking to develop a deeper and more meaningful level of engagement with the global distribution channel (registrars) and end customers (registrants) for its new extensions. As the marketing copywriter, you will be spearheading responsible for all the external facing content developed in the organization. Your goal is to ensure focused and impactful messaging, leading to higher brand awareness and increased adoption. Your work will include: Liaising with internal teams and understanding their briefs Developing creative ideas and concepts, often in partnership with the account manager/marketing manager Writing clear, persuasive, original copy for Advertising - offline and online Print collaterals Websites Blogs & thought leadership articles Being accountable for both, the creative performance and quality of writing (including style, tone, and accuracy) Who should apply for this role You have a penchant for writing concise, engaging and hard hitting copy You have 0- 3 years of experience with advertising agencies and/or web products companies You love to work in a highly charged and dynamic environment You have a basic understanding of consumer buying behavior You have a strong understanding of marketing and advertising principles Education: Graduation in BMM / BMS preferred Benefits & Perks Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee- shirts are a- ok!) . We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency We are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting- edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip- flops to work) , then we want to get to know you! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details