TITLE: Engineer/sr Engineer-purchase

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying sources, source finalization and source up gradation. Preferably from Non Metal Purchase Background. Manage day to day interactions with vendors for prices, business growth related issues. Preparing cost estimates for bought out components Price approval document with detailed comparison for management approval / negotiation purpose and release of PO. Preparing for audits (TS audit, Management audit.) Well versed with SAP. Ask for Quotations as per requirements, making negotiation & finalize the same. Raising purchase order and process amendments on basis of approval notes. Responsible for Vendor selection audits. Responsible for making MIS-vendor rating, DPPM & supplier capacity evaluation. Responsible for KAIZENS, 5-S, POKE-YOKE, FIFO SYSTEM in Purchase Area. Follow-up with accountsfor timely payment of purchases. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Krishna Maruti Ltd. Krishna Group is a reputed automotive components manufacturing group manufacturinginteriors for cars (like Seats, Doors Trims, Roof Headliner, Rear view Mirrors etc) and Metal Products (like Fuel Tanks, Axles, Exhaust manifolds etc).Present turnover of the Group is approx. Rs.2200 Crores and expected to touch Rs.5000 Crores within a short period of next 3 years. The Group has entered into several JVs with reputed foreign partners like SNIC Co. Ltd.,(Japan) for Seating Systems, Ishizaki Honten (Japan) for Rear View Mirrors, Groupo Antolin (Spain) for Roof Headliners, Quinette Galley (France) for Entertainment Seats, Fatuba (Japan) for Suspension System, Okamoto (Japan) for Fuel Tanks, Magnetti Marelli (Italy) for Exhaust System and Metal Parts, Magna Corporation (Canada) for Seating Systems, SIAC for Cabin System and SILA for Gear Shifter for setting up ventures in India and abroad. Six new projects already started and the Group has aggressive plans of expansion. Currently, we have state of-the-art manufacturing plants in Gurgaon, Manesar, Binola, Faridabad and Pune. Its Seat Division is the youngest and only Seat making company in the world to have received prestigious Deming Prize from JUSE Japan for its overall world class practices and systems. Krishna Group is committed to follow the best TQM, TPM and HR practices and family oriented Environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details