TITLE: Performance Test Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opening for Performance Test Architect @Bangalore Exp:9 to 15 yrs Job Description: Requirements: o 10+ years core experience in performance engineering and software engineering background, operating in a senior role with hands on experience. o Proven ability to performance tune applications, operating systems and infrastructure, working closely with development and performance test engineers. o Proficient in different performance testing tools HP load Runner, Neo Load, Jmeter, Silk Performer, Web load etc.. o Experience in performance engineering activities for various technologies and architectures o Experience developing scalable, fault tolerant and highly available SOA and/or Event Driven architectures. o Experience in Message Oriented Middleware and Message Brokers (AMQP, JMS, XMPP), Caching/Data Grid technologies (Coherence, Terracotta). o Experience with web-tier concerns, in particular scaling and throughput and separation of business logic from presentation. o Database performance knowledge preferable o Knowledge of frameworks such as Spring, hibernate, etc. o Applied knowledge with the architecture and deployment of JEE application servers ((ie. Jboss, Weblogic, Tomcat, Grizzly), enterprise frameworks and JEE services (esb, jms, etc.) o Proficiency in programming languages and frameworks, in particular performance impacting characteristics such as threading, pooling, o Deep understanding of system architecture, hardware and performance implications of change. o Industry experience in high transactional, non-blocking and traditional programming concepts and languages o Knowledge of networking, load balancing, and deployment in regards to high availability and redundancy. o Leadership Qualities, in particular communication to a wide range of technical stakeholders and senior management and the ability to mentor a team of Performance Engineers. o Expertise in performance test methodologies and tool-sets. o Ability to learn and keep technically current with industry approaches Interested candidates send me your updated resume to Chowdaiah.r@abcconsultants.in Salary:INR 14,00,000 - 24,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Hibernate Webload Spring Silk Performer JMS JBoss Performance Testing Tomcat JEE JMeter architect load runner Loadrunner Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details