TITLE: Architect / Sr. Architect - Full Stack

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "Key Responsibilities Design, develop, configure and optimize applications that are secure, efficient and operationally stable to meet business requirements Should be able to make technology choices and decisions Manages own work to meet schedule and communicates regularly on progress Team-based development experience and familiarity with source code tools/process, bug tracking, code reviews, and other common development activities Identify process gaps and provide solutions Participate in design and code reviews Create proof of concept technology analysis and pilots Conduct internal presentations and trainings to peer groups Participate in setup activities for required environment setup. Deploy code build in testing environment Conduct peer review during design, coding and testing. Complete documentation as per the scope. Prepare guidelines and checklists (coding checklist, performance checklist etc) for development and testing activities. Fill the performance, development and coding checklist/(s). Develop the unit test cases. Incorporate changes as per feedback. Highlight any potential risks to the Leads Incorporate changes as per feedback. Highlight any potential risks to the Leads." Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Unit Testing Test Cases Design Coding Solutions Bug Tracking Architect Full Stack UI integration MV frameworks Object Oriented JavaScript JavaScript JQuery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required "Competency Expertise Looking for: Minimum of 3 yrs. of experience in architecting, designing and implementing systems using variety of web technologies. Must have experience in HTML5.0, JavaScript, JQuery and Advance JS frameworks (like ExtJS, Node Js., BackBone Js., AngularJs., EmberJs, Knockout.js, or similar technologies) Should have proven expertise in JavaScript and understanding of Modern MV frameworks, Object Oriented JavaScript (OOJS) Should have experience in UI integration with external APIs / Webservices, etc. Good understanding of REST/JSON, XML, XSLT and other Web services Good understanding of RWD SPA and Hybrid apps Understanding of application of internationalization, 508 Compliance Qualification Excellent oral and written communicationMandatory Skill Combination:1. Experience in UI / Front End architecting, designing and implementation2. Experience in below Combination : HTML/HTML5.0 + CSS/CSS3.0 with NodeJS / NodeJS based frameworks like - Meteor, Express, ReactJS, EmberJS, Mean, AngularJS + NoSQL / MongoDB3. Should have experience in UI integration with external APIs / Webservices, etc4. Should have proven expertise in JavaScript and understanding of Modern MV frameworks, Object Oriented JavaScript (OOJS)" Company Profile: Cognizant Technology Solutions India Ltd Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 100 development and delivery centers worldwide and approximately 221,700 employees as of December 31, 2015, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: Cognizant. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details