TITLE: PR Managers

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary responsibilities Planning Plan and manage the flow of news about the organization to the media. Work with Campaign Leads to finalise articles and Info Notes for the media. Write pitches for the media, prepare backgrounders (with help from Campaign Leads), press releases etc Create opportunities in the media through understanding of RC work and connect them with the issues that are debated in media. Identify opportunities as they emerge and ensure content / information about RC role and work in that are mentioned. Responsible for preparing and sharing briefing documents for RC for all media interviews and meetings Propose and pitch ideas proactively to the media to stimulate media coverage and stand alone features. Relationships Cultivate and enhance collaborative working relationships within relevant journalists across media. Review and update media database for targeted and expansive reach Develop relationships with English and Kannada contacts to ensure RC work is known and understood by them ( for later mention or use ) Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Public Relations Role:Public Relations & Media Relations Manager Keyskills Advertising and PR and MR PR Political Social work PR PR and Media Planning Social Networking Senior PR social network administrator senior media senior corporate communication senior public relation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Jupiter Capital Jupiter Capital ("JC") is a leading Investment and Financial services firm headquartered in Bangalore, with presence in 9 countries. Founded in 2005, JC has extensive experience with global public and private investments through acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, direct Investments into recapitalization transactions, joint ventures and restructuring. The firm has extensive experience and exposure to sectors such as Technology, Aerospace, Media, Music, Entertainment, Hospitality and Infrastructure, to name a few. Started with an initial investment of $100million, the firm manages a portfolio of investments estimated at over $1Billion. JC's co-investors include global leaders such as STAR, NOL/APL and EADS Jupiter Capital's investment philosophy has been shaped by the entrepreneurial spirit of its founding members who have successfully demonstrated the power of innovative ideas and transforming these into high-growth valuable brands and enterprises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details