TITLE: AVP - Operations - IIM / FMS / IIT / NIT / ISB / XLRI

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Need an AVP-Operations in an operational and funded start-up.The candidate must be from tier 1 b-schools,more preferably from IIM / ISB / XLRI / FMS / XIMB / IIT. The candidate must be having 2-8 years of experience in operations.The role of the AVP - Operations is to ensure that the strategic and business objectives as well as the values are put into practice.The Candidate will ensure business growth through directing and managing business operations activities to ensure they are delivered in accordance with the strategic objectives. Experience of handling large scale operations in the Cab industry,Car rental, Fleet, Courier, logistics, Taxi business or similar businesses and experience in leading multi functional teams will be added advantages.The candidate must be Social,extrovert, Market savvy, with very good PR & Communication skills. Being an AVP-Operations in a Start-up company the candidate must be having very good network of people in top level corporate. Key Responsibilities Develop and optimize processes, scale new processes to allow the business to efficiently operate and grow. Develop strategy for handling operations and implement them. Take on new opportunities i.e development of new market, adding new services The candidate has to maintain very good corporate and vendor relations Evaluate various parameters associated with drivers and corporate i.e pricing, incentives, discounts etc. Prioritize the projects which should be beneficial for the company and set an aggressive timeline to reach the goals. Driven and self motivated to take any challenge. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills FMS Business Operations Courier Fleet Strategy Vendor Relations Business Growth Business Management Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Turbizo - Startup A Platform which will help the corporates to have a one stop hassle free solution of employee transporation services. Starting from vehicle availability to efficient cost cutting measures and more importantly, the safety and feel good factor of the employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details