TITLE: Opening with E-commerce Company- Justdial

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hands on UI technologies. Very strong in Javascript and frameworks. Exposure on angular, node or react.js. Overall 3-4Years in IT industry. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript node.js angular.js react.js UI Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Deitya Infotech Private Limited Cmmi5 Company-justdial Currently we do have an opening with Product/ecommerce organisation-JUSTDIAL.Please find the company profile and JD below. We are processing your cv further with the client and get back to you with the shortlist at the earliest. Brief About the Company: Just Dial is India's no.1 local search destination. The company caters to over 25 million unique users spread across 240 cities in India. This unique local search service is available on Phone, Web, WAP and SMS. Just Dial, India employs 3000 strong work force, has more than 1,00,000 SME advertisers. Justdial's Mission * To provide fast, free, reliable and comprehensive information to our users and connect buyers to sellers.Corporate Information * The company started offering local search services in 1996 under the Justdial brand and is now the leading local search engine in India. * The official website www.justdial.com was launched in 2007. * Justdial's search service is available to users across multiple platforms, such as the internet, mobile Internet, over the telephone (voice) and text (SMS). Justdial's search service bridges the gap between the users and businesses by helping users find relevant providers of products and services quickly, while helping businesses listed in Justdial's database to market their offerings. Justdial has also initiated its 'Search Plus' Services for the users. These services are aimed at making several day-to-day tasks conveniently actionable and accessible to the users. With this step, Justdial is transitioning from being purely a provider of local search and related information to being an enabler of such transactions. Justdial intends to provide an online platform to thousands of SME's to get them discovered and transacted. Website : www.justdial.com Work Location : Bangalore Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details