TITLE: NLS Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a NLS Engineer, the person is required to perform all File Handling related to NLS with the help of the tool, create NLS test cases and support Native Language Speaker testers to execute those tests: What are my responsibilities? Perform File Handling activities related to NLS with the help of the tool, while following the applicable processes. Create and update NLS test cases. Support Native Language Speaker tests to executes the test cases Create and maintain tools, scripts to automate the NLS and related process. Work/collaborate/communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders (PMs, developers, testers, translators, owners of third part modules and NLS testers) Follow up with all stakeholders to ensure timely delivery of files for translation, translated strings and completion of NLS testing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Test Cases C# .NET Testing Agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualification: B. Tech/BE (CS, Information Technology) /MCA from a reputed institute with excellent track record Experience & Skill Sets:5 - 6 years experience in S/W internationalization/ localization of software Expertise in Development/Testing of S/W related to internationalization/ localization of software Experience in C#/.NET Experience with Agile: SCRUM Generic knowledge on network and IT tools/File Handling will be an added advantage Should have experience in Software Test Project Management Should be able to coordinate with multiple entities and do effective follow ups in order to complete the allocated tasksPreferred Knowledge/Skills:Knowledge of software development life cycle Knowledge of Software engineering process. Experience in providing internationalization/ localization features for software Understanding of issues related to internationalization and localization of software Testing of software related to internationalization and localization Good command over English in written and spoken communication Company Profile: Siemens Limited Working at Siemens is all about curiosity, open-mindedness and inventive talent. About wanting to know more about the world we live in and finding ways to provide the world with a sustainable future. Find out more about what Siemens offers you and how to contribute your ideas and abilities on our global Jobs & Careers website. Please express interested here for national and international job opportunities. To express interest for the vacancy that matches your profile, please create an account and submit the requested information. Please keep yourself up to date about new job challenges by using the job alert in the job management section of your account. We are looking forward to receiving your information and thank you for your interest in joining our team! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details