TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Comguard Infosol Pvt Ltd. WWW.comguard.net WWW.spectrumme.com (Dubai HO) WWW.Spectrumapac.com (India) We are part of a Dubai based group company called Spectrum Group. We also have offices spread across India in different cities. Our distribution division is looking for a Product Manager to develop business for some of our key products at all India level. In addition to competitive pay and benefits, we offer: Exceptional leadership and a diverse, talented team that sets us apart in the fast-paced IT industry. The opportunity to make a difference as you set the pace for your career development in a progressive, high-performance culture. Teamwork, respect, accountability, integrity, and innovation these are our values which guide our decisions and behaviors. Dear Candidate, We have an opening for Product Manager Roles: Candidate must able to understand, articulate and propagate strategies for driving the business acceleration with focused programs in target area Applies knowledge of Comguards business strategies and should be able to represent Comguard by communicating business capabilities and strategies to external customers and partners. Collaborates with other functional teams to drive business engagements in multifaceted and cross technology solution needs. Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership and help address challenging situation; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Identify new opportunities and prioritize the high-growth areas. Participate in or lead cross functional sales and marketing teams; analyze industry/customer needs to providing the right solution that will meet customer business objective. Build relationship with internal technical teams and must be self- motivated. Candidate will also be required have a functional knowledge on networking domain from technical and business aspects. Establish professional and deep relationships with key personnel in MSME association and identified channel alliance organisations Enables the channel partners and helps drive the sales engagement with customer through channels. Defining appropriate ERP Value Propositions and driving the implementation of sales and marketing campaigns along w the marketing n channel teams. Create and maintain a sales pipeline to hit and surpass goals within designated market sectors Engage with prospect organizations to position cloud ERP through strategic value- based selling Accurate quarterly forecasting and revenue delivery Location: Bangalore Experience - 3 to 8 Years MAIL your updated CV + PICTURE Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills Channel Partners Distribution Product Management ERP Cloud Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Comguard Infosol Pvt. Ltd. Spectrum Group is a synergy of Spectrum Training, ComGuard Distribution, ComGuard Value Business, Psilog International, Spectrum Network Solutions, ComGuard Networks (India). With offices in Dubai, Riyadh, Singapore, Mumbai, and Delhi over 200 highly skilled professionals supporting the group initiatives, Spectrum Group has truly emerged as one of the top ICT players in the region. The group has gained respectability in the Middle East marketplace for its keen sense of understanding and readiness to serve the network and security needs of Consumers, SMBs, Government agencies and Enterprises in the region. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details