TITLE: SEM Manager | Online Retail Start-up

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is an ultimate Men's Style Destination to guide, inspire and provide men with sartorial clothing and effortless style. The idea behind the firm dates back to 2007 when it was inflamed in the mind of the founder, that a change needs to be brought upon to make our fellow Indian men look attractive. With this vision in mind, the firm got instituted as an online retail Platform for men's style in 2012; blending a unique mix of content and commerce that allows men to discover, access and preserve their infallible style and fashion. The Platform provides an exquisite of expertly lined up sartorial and structured Clothing, a gateway to an inspiring and guiding Journal and an astounding Experience. The founder is a post graduate in Design Management from Birmingham institute, UK and the two co founders are an MBA from London University and IIT Roorkee respectively. The firm has expanded its business to 13 countries from India. The company employs more than 100 people in its Noida office and has a current annual turnover in excess of Rs. 12 crores. The work culture ishighly meritocratic with a lot of flexibility and empowerment given to employees. The responsibilities of a SEM Manager will be as follows: Conceptualising and pitching innovative and compelling offers that consider product potency, competitive environment and brand positioning. Generate leads for Inside Sales and convert low-touch prospects into self-service customers. Set new media campaign strategy and direction. Testing of new channels, outlets and good offers. Source, buy and manage new media publishers with available advertising inventory to engage with target customer segments in international markets. Negotiate test and ongoing media placement costs and value-adds Create and manage a campaign schedule of incoming campaign requests, including preparation of campaign briefs. Managing of a pool of creatives.Daily monitoring and optimization of campaigns. Weekly and monthly reporting of campaign performance. Initiate and assist with the implementation of campaign optimisation tools and technologies. Provide campaign feedback that assists with landing page optimization including page copy optimisation. Manage allocated media budget to maximize medium-term campaign ROI for international new media campaigns. Assist with managing outsourced media planning, buying and campaign management vendors for display advertising and paid search. Communicate with Inside Sales and Support teams regarding upcoming approved campaigns ito target customers and markets. Collate post-campaign feedback from Inside Sales and Support teams for campaign optimization and product pricing or feature development. Keep abreast of the latest online marketing information and trends. Salary:INR 4,50,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Marketing/SEM Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience in Online media sourcing, buying, trafficking, campaign managementStrong marketing proficiencyÂ Exceptional data analysis skills Campaign performance reporting & recommendationsGood Verbal & Written Communication Skills; copywriting training and abilityHigh levels of attention to detail and well developed troubleshooting and problem resolving skills essentialShould have knowledge ofÂ search engine marketing, PPC, Google Adwords Company Profile: Unnati Our client is an ultimate style destination for Men inspiring and providing them with sartorial clothing and effortless style. The idea behind this was to make the Indian man look as attractive and stylish as any other.nnThus it got instituted as an online retail platform blending the unique mix of content that gives men a chance to discover and access their infallible style and fashion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details