TITLE: Engineer - Design & Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Organization: HC SI DC H1 STD Mode of employment : Full time only What are my responsibilities? Healthcare 1 is a key partner for SYNGO business unit in developing Healthcare Imaging IT technologies and products like syngo.via and native syngo mainline application development. In this program the above role has the responsibility to conceptualize, design and develop product sub-systems and modules. The primary responsibilities are: Requirement analysis and design of software solutions based on requirements and architectural /design guidelines Responsible for the high level and low level design Implementation of features and/or bug-fixing and delivering solutions adhering to coding and quality guidelines Identification and implementation of (unit/integration) tests to ensure solution addresses customer requirements and does not cause impact to installed base Performing code review, providing documentation (requirement/design/test specification) inputs, and ensuring delivery conforms to organization and project quality processes Ensuring integration and submission of solution into software configuration management system, within committed delivery timelines Active contribution in the risk analysis of the product Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills Design Development Code Review Architectural Design Software Configuration Management Application Development Software Solutions C#.Net OOPS programming Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Education:BE / B.Tech / MCA / ME / M.TechEperience: Minimum 5-8 years of experience in design and developmentDesired Skill Set: Strong C#.Net, OOPS programming skills, Design principles & patterns Desirable: syngo.via Imaging-framework knowledge, medical domain knowledge (DICOM etc), Knowledge about TAU Inter-process communication, multi-threading, data-structures, Unit-testing frameworks, Agile processes, WCF/WPF Ability to work as an individual contributor Flair to learn new technologies and thrive in an agile environment Conversant with typical software development processes / methodologies and exposure in working with multi-site global teams. Strong Analytical and Problem Solving Skills Knowledge in Static code Analysis and Unit Testing. Exposure to TFS, FxCop, and NUnit is preferred. Company Profile: Siemens Limited Working at Siemens is all about curiosity, open-mindedness and inventive talent. About wanting to know more about the world we live in and finding ways to provide the world with a sustainable future. Find out more about what Siemens offers you and how to contribute your ideas and abilities on our global Jobs & Careers website. Please express interested here for national and international job opportunities. To express interest for the vacancy that matches your profile, please create an account and submit the requested information. Please keep yourself up to date about new job challenges by using the job alert in the job management section of your account. We are looking forward to receiving your information and thank you for your interest in joining our team! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details