TITLE: Senior Member Of Technical Staff -storage and Availability Business

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The vSphere Sr. Storage Engineer will be responsible for providing deep technical expertise on our next generation storage initiatives. In addition to technical architecture support, the Sr. Engineer will collaborate with Engineering and Product Management to distill customer needs into use-cases and requirements, work within VMware to highlight solutions requirements for the vSphere storage platform, and work with key VMware technical leaders to influence and execute vSphere storage initiatives. Responsibilities: - Provide technical leadership for next generation storage platform technology - Work with the Engineering and Product Management organizations to establish and deliver the product roadmap - Innovate and develop new storage technologies - Assist in technically managing initial storage implementations including proof-of-concepts and pilots - Mentor and lead a strong team of developers - Maintain deep technical and business knowledge of storage platform industry directions and trends - Work collaboratively with Engineering and Product Management during the development, launch, and continuing refinement of VMware storage related technologies - Document best practices and architectural references in developing and deploying product solutions Requirements: 8 years of hands on exposure in designing and coding solutions for storage platforms and Solutions. - Excellent programming skills in C and data structures. Exposure to programming in Python is an added advantage. - Very thorough and detailed knowledge on storage architecture and operating system concepts is a must. - Strong knowledge in storage technology protocols [SCSI, NVMe, FC] and storage sub systems. Multiple years of hands on experience in coding and debugging on at least one of the Storage protocol is a must. - Hands on kernel level programming experience with NVme, Flash devices and/or exposure to VMWare ESXi storage stack and VMware VAAI, VVOLs, NMP/SATP plugin development is an added plus. - Multiple years of experience in developing and debugging storage kernel modules in Linux/Unix Kernel. - Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science Engineering or related field. 73978BR Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development python data structures kernel coding debugging product management scsi vsphere computer science engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VMware India VMware (NYSE: VMW), the global leader in cloud infrastructure, delivers customer-proven virtualization solutions that significantly reduce IT complexity. VMware accelerates an organization2019s transition to cloud computing, while preserving existing IT investments and enabling more efficient, agile service delivery without compromising control. Organizations rely on VMware, its partners and its industry-leading virtual infrastructure platform, VMware vSphere, to energize their business through IT, while saving energy2014financial, human and the Earth2019s. With 2009 revenues of $2 billion, VMware has more than 190,000 customers and 25,000 partners worldwide. VMware2019s award-winning technology, market-leading position and culture of excellence provide our 8,200+ employees in 40+ locations worldwide with a platform for professional growth and the excitement of being an early-stage innovator. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details