TITLE: Frontend Developer - Ui/html/css

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What you- ll do - You will capture and define interaction between users and sleek UI's based on your uncanny ability to code in Javascript. - You will spearhead simple and robust front-end implementation and also ensure that the final product satisfies our user needs and goals. - You will work closely with the designers to execute the emerging designs and ensure that the feasibility and usability of the product are enhanced further. - You will be compelled to ask questions that expose flaws and gaps, all the while keeping an eye on the broader context to ensure cohesion within the design tossed. What we are looking for - You have 1 to 5 years of experience in User Interface development using Javascript and any of JavaScript MVC frameworks. You are passionate about writing clean code and markup which flawlessly works across platforms and build highly intuitive, simple interfaces. We love web standards, and hope you swear by the W3C spec! Experience with new browser APIs like offline cache, geolocation & canvas would guarantee you work on the most futuristic of our products! Bonus points for experience on mobile web and on large scale Javascript projects. You can creatively solve problems at all levels of detail: from the big picture to the nuts and bolts. If you have been nodding your head in agreement all the while, send us your resume with links to your portfolio and previous works. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript HTML CSS W3C MVC Web Technologies Usability Front End Cache Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Talpro Leading client of Talpro Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details