TITLE: Hiring for Dealers Profile at Kotak Securities - Bangalore

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Kotak group!!! We are urgently hiring for the position of an Alternate Channel Dealer. Location - Bangalore Job Role To ensure active management of clients & achieve the target active AUM To be responsible for identifying customer needs, assessing their risk appetite and providing them investment options To provide regular updates to the clients regarding the market changes and subsequent changes to the portfolio To achieve healthy revenues without compromising on clients profitability To have clear focus on client mining To conduct regular Client Meetings & update the same in the meeting tracker To attain maximum reach of investment ideas/stock calls initiated To assist in new client acquisition, building new relationships and increasing depth in existing relationships Keep abreast of the market news, financial trends and current affairs To attend post result concals, analyst meets for improved client servicing. Requirements Graduate / Post graduate with 2- 4 yrs experience. Should have good communication & presentation skills. Should be a self-starter, proactive & target oriented. Should possess strong communication skills. Should NISM/NCFM certificate necessary. Â Regards, Aakruti Takle 022 -42858415 Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. Plus KRA based Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Broker/Trader Keyskills equity dealer equity advisor terminal operator bolt operator online advisor stock market captial market nism ncfm relationship manager Bancassurance Channel dealing channel terminal operator channel dealer channel equity dealer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kotak Securities Limited Kotak Securities Limited Originally established in 1994, Kotak Securities is a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, which services more than 14 lakh customer accounts. The firm has a wide network of more than 1,255 branches, franchisees representative offices, and satellite offices across 386 cities in India and offices in New York, London, Dubai, Mauritius and Singapore. We process more than 400000 trades a day which is much higher than some of the renowned international brokers. The company is a corporate member of both The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). Our operations include stock broking services for trading in stock markets through branches & internet and distribution of various financial products including investments in IPOs, Mutual Funds and Currency Derivatives. Currently, Kotak Securities is one of the largest broking houses in India with substantial geographical reach to Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and America. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details