TITLE: Engineer -trim Development

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for Trim Development Activity. Good hands on experience of Trim Design. Detailed Knowledge of Trim System incorporating Seat. Understanding of Trim Drawing. Responsible for overall Trim Consumption, Monitoring Knowledge of CAD Data. Knowledge of Gerber Data. Understand the customer requirement. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Keyskills Trim Development Trim Design CAD Gerber Data CAD Data Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical, Diploma - Mechanical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Krishna Maruti Ltd. Krishna Group is a reputed automotive components manufacturing group manufacturing interiors for cars (like Seats, Doors Trims, Roof Headliner, Rear view Mirrors etc) and Metal Products (like Fuel Tanks, Axles, Exhaust manifolds etc).Present turnover of the Group is approx. Rs.2200 Crores and expected to touch Rs.5000 Crores within a short period of next 3 years. The Group has entered into several JVs with reputed foreign partners like SNIC Co. Ltd.,(Japan) for Seating Systems, Ishizaki Honten (Japan) for Rear View Mirrors, Groupo Antolin (Spain) for Roof Headliners, Quinette Galley (France) for Entertainment Seats, Fatuba (Japan) for Suspension System, Okamoto (Japan) for Fuel Tanks, Magnetti Marelli (Italy) for Exhaust System and Metal Parts, Magna Corporation (Canada) for Seating Systems, SIAC for Cabin System and SILA for Gear Shifter for setting up ventures in India and abroad. Six new projects already started and the Group has aggressive plans of expansion. Currently, we have state of-the-art manufacturing plants in Gurgaon, Manesar, Binola, Faridabad and Pune. Its Seat Division is the youngest and only Seat making company in the world to have received prestigious Deming Prize from JUSE Japan for its overall world class practices and systems. Krishna Group is committed to follow the best TQM, TPM and HR practices and family oriented Environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details