TITLE: Peoplesoft Techno Functional/technical/functional Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IPsoft is currently looking for potential and passionate engineers to join our In-house Enterprise Applications team, specialized in Peoplesoft.Â Work Location: ITPL - Whitefield, Bangalore Work Timing: 1 PM to 10 PM - Monday to Friday Experience: Minimum 5 Years proven implementation experience on PeopleSoft Should be able to join us in 30 days Desired Skills set: Analytical and problem solving skills to help, identify, communicate, and resolve issues A high level of drive and motivation Effective planning and organizing skills Demonstrate creativity in solving problems Ability to build and foster working relationships Roles and Responsibilities: Ability to cover all PeopleSoft suites such as Financial, HRMS and Campus Solutions, experience across a wide number of PeopleSoft Apps and Tools versions. A technical understanding and working knowledge of PeopleSoft A solid knowledge of the following:Â SQL, Application Engine, Component Interface, Integration Broker, SQRs, BI Publishe, nVision Comfort working with both project and test management methodologies and exposure across scoping, planning, developing, testing and deploying Work proficiently with PeopleTools 8.54 Ability to write application engine to read from file or database and write into file or database. Generate output in different formats like XLS, PDF, CSV, TXT, XLSX etc. Also process the data. Integrate PeopleSoft system with other PS or non-PS systems through Integration brokerÂ Ability to write SQR to read from file or database and write into file or database. Generate output in different formats like XLS, PDF, CSV, TXT, XLSX etc. Also process the data Prepare XL to CI to add or update data in particular component Fluency in coding using PeopleCode Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Bi Publisher Application Engine Component Interface PeopleSoft PeopleCode peoplesoft consultant peoplesoft technical consultant fscm Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IPsoft Global Services Private Limited About Company ABOUT IPSOFT IPsoft is a global, industry-leading managed services company offering a complete solution to enterprise customers for outsourcing global IT operations. We offer a full range of managed services to our clients, from management at the individual component, device and network level to the analysis, design and management of complex business processes. IPsoft's unique (and proprietary) automation technology remediates more than half of the detected exceptions in our managed client environments. We manage our customers' systems through our worldwide Network Operations Centers located in New York City (HQ), London, Amsterdam and Bangalore. IPsoft has been solidly profitable since its inception as a company in 1998, and has roughly doubled its gross revenues for four straight years; we are on a trajectory to continue this rapid growth pace, meaning that you will have an opportunity to grow with the company. CULTURE IPsoft is committed to helping our employees develop their full potential in both business and technical spheres, and it is our policy to recognize excellent performance by promoting from within. IPsoft is a fast-paced, energetic and fun place to work. We2019re changing the way managed services are delivered to customers, and we2019re looking for people who want to make a difference. The best evidence that IPsoft is a good place to work? People come to work here and stay. If you come to work at IPsoft, you2019ll be working with cutting-edge technologies and the bright, driven people who develop them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details