TITLE: Asst. Manager-r&d Rubber Mould

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mould Design and Development 1.Responsible for design & Development for automobile rubber & rubber to metal bonded parts, sheet metal parts forging parts. 2.Making cad Models and generating Mould Core and Cavity. 3.Generating NC Programming With PROE ENGINEERING For VMC. 4.Tool design with injection transfer compressor mould as per drawing gauge & fixture design. 5.Review of tool design as per the CFT discussions/ as required 6.Planning of the modification activities as per the R & D schedule. 7.Change the design to upgrade the quality with cost effectiveness. Process Engineering 1.Process planning, preparation and controlling of process Sheet work instruction, quality check sheets, time study, motion study, etc 2.Conduct concept meeting of tool and get it documented 3.Ensure on time delivery of tool designs & Tools as per check points 4.Ensuring the First time right, experience sharing & standard parts are used in tool design Mould Maintenance 1.Rubber mould such as transfer, injection & compressor mould. 2.Regular maintenance of mould and updating all documents regarding dies. Making preventive maintenance schedule updating history cards etc. 3.Tools life improvement & validation. 4.Co-ordination with moulding complain as and when required In case you are not interested, please forward this mail to your friends who may be interested / provide us with their references and we shall get in touch with them. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: V4 Solutions Staffing Firm Our Client is engineering is a world class engineering company established in 1981 for producing wide range of rubber components for automotive OEM across the globe. Today, the group has pan India presence with 12plants across all important automotive hubs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details