TITLE: Walkin-process Executive 29 March to 02 April for Financial Operations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walk in Date: 29th March 2016 to 02nd April 2016 Walk in Time: 10.00 AM to 01.00 PM Venue: EQUINITI INDIA, Block 10, 8th Floor, DLF IT Park, Ramapuram, Chennai. Requirement: 6 Months to 2Years of experience in Financial and Banking, Back-end Operations.(Non-Voice Process) Notice period - Immediate / 1 Month Those who have attended interview for last 6 months are not eligible Â Only Arts ,Commerce, Science graduates can apply for the below position Freshers 2014, 2015Â are also eligible Shift: UK Shift Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EQUINITI INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Equiniti is a leading UK Business Process Outsourcer, specialised in providing complex administration and payments solutions underpinned by world class proprietary technology platforms. We have over 2,000 clients spanning the private and public sector which includes 70 from the FTSE 100. We process 72 billion in payments every year, handle 88 million documents, 2.6 million enquiries, and pay 20% of pensioners in the UK. Our services benefit 30 million people in the UK and 180 countries around the world. Over a third of the UK population has dealt with Equiniti at some point during their lives. Equiniti is a company that has been built with strong values at the very core of their offering. Dealing with some of the most successful companies and government agencies in the UK; excellence, integrity, professionalism, partnership, commercial and innovation are therefore at the heart of everything they do.With over 2,700 staff operating across 28 regional locations, Equiniti is a business services provider delivering payment solutions and administration to over 1,600 clients in the UK private and public sectors*. We are owned by Advent International and lead in each of our chosen markets. We serve 53% of the FTSE 100, support 27% of UK work-based pension schemes, and are the nation's largest and most successful share registrar.We are not a large corporation seeking to take over. Instead we operate in the background, as highly focused specialists who know how to play our part, helping you to focus on your clear priorities and establishing the essential governance and confidence you need to adapt quickly. Together our partnership operates faster, executes more effectively and provides more reliable assurance around the things that 'cannot be allowed to fail' Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details