TITLE: PHP Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB SUMMARY We are searching for outstanding web developers to be responsible for developing innovative, reusable web- based tools for progressive activism and community building. A Successful Candidate will have demonstrable experience building real applications in Good work environment and will be able to make a meaningful contribution from day one. You will be comfortable working with team members at all levels and departments within the organization. This is a Perfect Opportunity for young Developers looking to play a key role in creating enabling technology for a leading Web and Mobile based Company in Chennai. RESPONSIBILITIES Knowledge of software development life cycle. Work closely with Project Managers and other members of the Development Team to both develop detailed specification documents with clear Project deliverable and timelines and to ensure timely completion. Determine appropriate architecture, technical solutions and make relevant recommendations to clients. Communicate to the Project Manager and Team Leaders with efficiency and accuracy in any progress and / or delays. Engage in outside- the- box thinking to provide high value- of- service to clients. Alert colleagues to emerging technologies or applications and the opportunities to integrate them into operations and activities. Be actively involved in and contribute regularly to the development community of the CMS (Magento / Joomla / Drupal / Wordpress / Zend Framework / Cake PHP) . Strong debugging skills and ability to easily and quickly read and modify existing Code. Strong communication skills. Knowledge of other e- commerce is added advantage (prestashop, Shopify, OS commerce, OpenCart, etc...) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Contus Contus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details