TITLE: Looking for Windchill Experience in Windows Based Systems Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5 years of Windchill experience in Windows based systems admin (Windows Server, Windows desktop OS). User / Desktop support experience.SQL, Oracle DB, XML, Java experience. Experience in middleware is a plus. Skills required: Wind chill oCustomization. oChange management oInfo Engine. oReporting. oWorkflow. oESI. Wind chill Infra. Good understanding and familiarity of Windows Server 2003 and newer. Good understanding of web based applications and browser support. Advanced problem solving skillsÂ Job Description Provide global support for all Windchill users. Resolve problems and issues in a timely manner. Work with PTC support for technical issue resolution. Escalate problems to Engineering Systems Manager. Implement fixes and/or workarounds as needed. Monitor server/system performance. Manage Production, Test and Staging environments. Rehost Test and Staging instances as needed. Plan, Coordinate, and Implement global version upgrades, maintenance releases, and system configuration changes to keep CAD and PDM/PLM systems updated and globally aligned with technology functional requirements. Maintain windchill integration to Oracle ERP. Assist in data migration as needed. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alpha Management Consultants Our client is the fastest growing Infrastructure Support Business in the world. They provide communities across five continents with the fundamental solutions, tools and structures they need to advance their societies.119 years of tradition and history with an average growth rate of 14% and 41,400 employees in 38 countries.The strength of our client lies in its capability to provide diverse products and services in multiple businesses ranging from power generation, desalination, engines, machine tools to magazines and more. It is continuing its growth and transformation with the advancement of technology as its basis Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details