TITLE: tele calling executives

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Janakpuri, West Delhi Job | Deepalaya | Enabling Self Reliance | The largest operational NGO in Delhi You are here Job Code- 160605 Deepalaya is an ISO 9001: 2008 certified non - government organization that believes in enabling self reliance and is committed to working on issues affecting the urban and rural poor, with a special focus on women and children. The NGO was started on July 16th 1979 by seven founding members, and for more than three decades, has been contributing to the crusade against illiteracy. Over the years, Deepalaya has established several projects in the areas of Education (Formal/ Non- Formal/ Remedial) , Women Empowerment (reproductive health, SHG, Micro- finance) , Institutional care, Community health, Vocational training and Differently Abled. These projects are operational in Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Job Title- Tele Calling Executives Job Location- Janakpuri, West Delhi No of Post- 2 Job Responsibilities - Contacting individual, Corporate and Funding agencies for generating leads. - Fixing appointment for marketing Corporate Social Responsibility proposals. - Talking to people about sponsorship, donation boxes. - Assisting marketing department in generate more revenue. - Should have experience of Tele Calling - Result Oriented - Should have good communication skills and command over the language. Qualification Bachelors Degree in any field Salary Rs. 20, 000 to 25, 000 PM How to Apply Provide us your following details along with C.V at our corporate Human Resource (H.R) Department email id hrd (at) deepalaya (dot) org 1. Current organization and location 2. Present Salary 3. Joining Period Subject of emailshould be: Job Code || Relevant Work experience in months For example: 130102 || 30 months Our Helping Hands ShareThis Copy and Paste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Deepalaya Deepalaya Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details