TITLE: Looking for SAP HANA 7.4 Version Experience

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 2+ years of heavy SQL modeling SAP HANA views (Calculation, Analytic, and Attribute). Must have at least 2 full lifecycle (requirements gathering, analysis, design, configure, test, Go Live) with SAP HANA. Works with key stakeholders to design dashboards, Scorecards, Graphs, Drill-downs and dynamic reports to meet he information needs of the business users. Interacts with key stakeholders to establish/clarify their requirements and develop an analytical model. 2+ years of heavy modeling SAP HANA views (Calculation, Analytic, and Attribute). 2+ year of BEX Query to HANA view conversion experience. Solid proven data modeling skills with SAP R3 functional knowledge in SD, MM/PP, HR, CRM, APO and CO-PA are essential. This environment is 100% customized with very complicated business models. Experience working different shifts to support North America based activities. Experience working independently. Resolves end user reporting problems through collaboration with IT and Operations. Works as part of the Business Intelligence Team, providing support to other team members and processes teams as needed. Excellent written and verbal English language communication skills. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alpha Management Consultants Client design, manufacture and sells electrical and electronic products for non-residential and residential construction, industrial and utility applications. The Company's reporting segments consist of the Electrical segment (comprising electrical systems products and lighting products) and the Power segment. Its manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, Canada, Switzerland, Puerto Rico, Mexico, the People's Republic of China ("China"), Italy, the United Kingdom, Brazil and Australia and maintains sales offices in Singapore, China, India, Mexico, South Korea, and countries in the Middle East. It is headquartered at Shelton, Connecticut. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details