TITLE: Senior Engineer - Generator Mechanical QC

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB PROFILE Candidate should be preferably from Turbine Generator Manufacturing, Steam Turbine & Generator, Energy/Power, HeavyEngineerindustry with specialization inQC Mechanical and engineering of generator components. GraduateMechanical Engineer or Diploma Mechanicalwith in depth knowledge in Various type of welding, machining, & Assembly process. Able to measure accurately and judge the result of measurement. Exposure in ASME,ISO and other quality standards. Guide the sub ordinates to achieve the organization goal. Experience in handling of supplier and inspection. Associate with customer for inspection. 1. Should have min 4 years of experience in generator Mechanical QC, or Mechanical in heavy engineering industries. 2. Must be BE Mechanical/ Diploma Mechanical. 3. Must have any one certified (NDT, UT, MPT,DPT). 4. Inspection of large mechanical parts, welding. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Mechanical, Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Toshiba JSW Power Systems Private Limited, Toshiba JSW Power Systems Private Limited is a Joint Venture between Toshiba Corporation, Japan (Toshiba) and JSW Group, India (JSW) was initially incorporated to manufacture and market super-critical Steam turbines and Generators for Thermal Power Plants in India.It was established in September 2008, and started its commercial operation in January 2011.It has been merged with Toshiba Thermal & Hydro Power Systems Company, a division of Toshiba India Private Limited to broaden the gamut from Manufacturing to One-stop Solution for Engineering, Manufacturing, Procurement, Construction and Services (EMPCS) of Thermal Power Plant.The facility is located at Manali, about 18 kilometers north of central Chennai, Tamil Nadu with a ground area of approximately 400,000 square meters.Toshiba JSW will manufacture and market mid- to large-sized steam turbines and generators ranging from 500-megawatts (MW) to 1,000MW, for highly efficient super-critical thermal power plants in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details