TITLE: Research Analyst Internship | Innovative HR Start-up

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are a startup hiring specialists. Startups love Unnati because we help them attract great talent and ensure that the founders can continue to focus on building a great product while we focus on finding them the right talent. Founded by a team of veteran entrepreneurs and passionate HR professionals, Unnati works with some of the most well known startup brands in India. Our list of clients include companies like: Zomato, Magic Bricks, Hector Beverages, Swiggy, Ziffi, Mettl, Zinka, Great Learning, Livspace, GoZoomo etc. We are an equal opportunity employer and are looking to hire smart, driven and committed individuals from my background. If you have always dreamed about making a career in the domain of HR, but didn't know how - then this is your opportunity. As a part of the team, you will get to work with some of the smartest entrepreneurs in the country and will learn valuable skills about identifying and recruiting great talent. You will get opportunity to manage clients independently and will learn to use all the latest technology tools in the HR domain. You will also get a chance to help us in the development of cutting edge technology that aims to remove the pain points from recruiting. As a Research Analyst Intern, your work will be to find information on the internet regarding various companies and create their pitch. You will also be responsible for to research on various job profiles and create JDs with respect to client needs and requirements. The responsibilities will also include the following : Internet Research/ Desk Research/ Secondary research: Find information on internet pertaining to companies. Analyze and classify the information collected. Organize the information / analysis in the desired output formats. Track companies and people on social media Identify and market job openings to relevant audience on social media Content Writing & Content Development Prepare Job Descriptions as per the role requirement Screen CVs as per client mandates Run effective searches on job portal databases for candidate profiles as per client mandate Make formats for assessing candidates as per the role Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Research Associate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The candidate must have good communication and written skillsÂ Â Knowledge of Internet Search TechniquesÂ Secondary ResearchÂ Excellent Writing SkillsÂ Ability to Analyze the informationÂ Ability to write based on secondary research Company Profile: Unnati Unnati helps some of India's fastest growing and hottest startups to hire great talent. We have a great track record of helping our clients hire on time and hire the exact fit without wasting time.For jobseekers, we promise a quick turn around time on your application and we go the extra step to ensure you are well briefed on the role and the company and can crack the interview.The founding team of Unnati consists of veteran HR professionals from premier b-schools and with years of experience in HR, Training, Recruiting and running startups. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details