TITLE: Excellent Opportunity for Java Developers with Csc-chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Hi , We are urgently looking for Java J2ee Experts with CSC India (Computer Sciences Corporation) for Chennai Location. Candidate must have expertise working on Struts. Working timings : 1:30 PM - 10:00 PM. Job Location - Perungudi Chennai In case you have attended an interview with CSC in previous 3 months for Chennai location, please ignore this email. Please share your profiles at earliest; with the following mandatory details :- 1. Current Location - 2. Current Company - 3. Duration with current company - 4. Experience on Struts - 5. Current CTC - 6. Expected CTC - 7. Joining time Required- Kindly share your resume only if you are interested for Chennai location. Forward your CV to pkumar319@csc.com Thanks Talent Acquisition Team Salary:INR 50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CSC India Pvt Ltd. CSC India Pvt. Ltd., www.csc.com. Founded in 1959, CSC is a leading global IT Services company. CSC provides innovative solutions for customers around the world by applying leading technologies and CSC's own advanced capabilities. These include systems design, integration, IT, applications software development, web application hosting management and technology consulting and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO). With more than 90000 employees worldwide, CSC's revenue exceeds $ 15.0 billion. The mission of CSC is to be a global leader in providing technology-enabled business solutions and services. With the broadest range of capabilities, CSC offers clients the solutions they need to manage complexity, focus on core businesses, collaborate with partners and clients and improve operations. CSC leads with an informed point of view while still offering client choice. For more than 50 years, clients in industries and governments worldwide have trusted CSC with their business process and information systems outsourcing, systems integration and consulting needs. Global teams of CSC for the product led services, infrastructure services and application services are now based in India, making it the 3rd largest location for CSC worldwide. CSC processes in India conforms to SEI CMM level 5, BS7799 and BSI5000 standards. The company trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'CSC'. CSC India is ramping up its headcount across its offices in India (Chennai,Hyderabad, Noida, Bangaluru, Indore and Mumbai ). Currently we are looking for professionals with following skill sets to join our Global Team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details