TITLE: HCL Technologies Hiring for Linux Device Driver Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Currently, We are hiring for C and Linux Device Driver Developer. Kindly have a look at the job description below. Desired Qualification: BE/ B.Tech/ ME/ M.Tech/ MSc/ MCA. Experience: 5 to 11 years. Work Location: Bangalore. Role: Technical Lead/ Senior Technical Lead. 1. Must have an experience in C programming language. 2. Should be good in Arrays, Algorithm, Basic Input/ Output function, Binary tree, Bit operator, Data Structure, Debugging program in C, Linked list, Types of Linked list, Reverse Linked list, Pointers, String operator, etc. 3. Must have an experience in Linux/ Unix operating system concepts. 4. Must have an experience in Device driver developer such as- Kernel program, Boot loader/ u-boot, board support package, board bring up, etc. HOW TO APPLY: If you are interested in exploring the above opportunity, please confidentially e-mail a copy of your resume as an attachment to jatin.d@hcl.com If you are already happily employed, please feel free to circulate this requirement within your network. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Linux Unix Operating System C device driver developer bootloader board bring up uboot board support package Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: Hcl Technologies Limited The HCL journey has been relentless, gratifying and marked with a series of achievements. Our unified efforts have catapulted the company from a garage start-up to a conglomerate whose businesses span across four verticals. HCL is humbled by the long journey they have made so far and at the same time, is confident of raging forward and scaling greater heights. Over the years, HCL has conscientiously set high business standards by way of providing sustainable, world-class products, solutions and services; a feat that has helped the organization to touch the lives of millions with possibilities. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage start-ups, HCL is a pioneer of modern computing with many firsts to its credit, including the introduction of the 8-bit microprocessor-based computer in 1978 well before its global peers. Today, the HCL enterprise has its presence across varied sectors that include technology, healthcare and talent management solutions. The organization, as a whole, comprises of four companies - HCL Infosystems, HCL Technologies, HCL Healthcare and HCL TalentCare. The enterprise generates annual revenue of over US$ 7 billion with more than 110,000 employees from 100 nationalities operating across 31 countries, including over 500 points of presence in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details