TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB SUMMARY The Business Development Executive should be aggressive in achieving the sales target and should drive the team to get the desired results. Attractive incentives will be given based on the performance. The focus should be on retaining existing customer accounts and acquiring new business accounts. Should motivate the team and should have result- oriented approach. DUTIES OF THE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE Responsible for heading up their expansion in new markets as well as continued expansion among existing clients. Building relationships with existing clients in an attempt to increase their current spend. Drive peak performance and sales success across the organization. Create, negotiate and close commercial agreements. You will be instrumental in devising and implementing the strategy for meeting sales performance targets. REQUIREMENTS OF THE ROLE Proven business development Executive who is used to working to targets. Proven track record in sales, business development and winning new business. Proven track record of increasing revenue through generation of leads. Show an understanding of the challenges facing the industry at present and illustrate a knowledge of the operational attention to detail that will be required to succeed within the industry. experience in Business Development Excellent communication skill verbal and written. Self- motivated individual, good team player and able to work to own initiative. Strong technical understanding. Ability to approach the clients positively and professionally. Ability to work in tight schedule. Strong in building relationships and able to communicate at all levels. Ability to assess the business opportunity and technical feasibility. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Contus Contus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details