TITLE: Operations Manager

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking to hire operations managers who will be tasked with managing & running the day to day driver related operations at Zuver. The role will be centred around managing communication & regular interaction with drivers on a daily basis. This is an extremely critical role as it involves improving the customer experience by keeping tabs on driver behaviour and improving it on an active & ongoing basis. The candidate will have had to previous experience in dealing with drivers/blue collared workers on an extensive and large scale basis. This data driven role calls for a rare combination of analytical thinking & inter-personal ability to manage driver partnerships. Below is a brief of the responsibilities & minimum requirements for the position Driver on-boarding and initial training Day to day handling & reporting of driver queries Actively strengthen relationships within the driver community at Zuver Handle pressure situations which might arise due to driver misconduct Reporting of day to day incidents & mishaps to senior management Continually improve driver related processes with respect to training, on-boarding etc. Track & report on all admin/back end activities on a day to day basis to Senior Management Report daily activities pertaining to the Call Centre Keep tabs on all backend operational activities & daily customer transactions Work closely with accounting personnel to provide input on management reporting needs and better understand our actuals Communicate product needs by analysing gaps within the operations processes Take ownership of Zuvers growth in the city Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Operations Management Customer Experience operation manager branch operation manager ops manager maintenance manager operations operation executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Other Management Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zuver - Your Driver on demand Zuver is lovingly created by a team that hates getting stressed on roads filled with unpredictability. Our mission is to make owning and operating a car easy. The Zuver Driver On Demand service helps enable a hassle free personal car commuting experience by conveniently getting our customers a Professional Driver at the tap of a phone. We currently live in Mumbai and are soon going to be housed out of other cities across India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details