TITLE: Urgent Opening for Project Coordinator in Powai

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1)Ensure the Project is running as per schedule a. Work with the team to ensure proper tracking documents are being maintained. b.In case a review of the estimation is required, ensure the proper procedures are being followed. c. Escalate to Senior Management with proper supporting documentation. 2). Maintaining the project tracking data a. Personnel effort in man weeks b. Requirements Changes c. Overall current status of the project (as compared to the Project Plan schedule) 3). Documentation a. Ensure all the documentation is in line with the projects documented development process (i.e. Project Plan, Requirements Document, etc.) b. Ensure the tracking data is in line with the projects documented development process. i. Maintain a project notebook which is a compilation of all completed worksheets for review purposes. ii. Compiling tracking data from the documents turned in by the team members. iii. Maintaining datasheets with aggregate information on group progress. If the above job profile match your profile kindly share your updated resume Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Project Planning Project Tracking Project Coordination Data Sheets Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. To work hard2. To learn new things3. To communicate well4. Skills required good communication , Man Management Skills5. Should have experience in project Coordination Company Profile: Nextgen Clearing Pvt. Ltd. Nextgen Clearing is an independent clearing house founded by a highly experienced team drawn from the mobile roaming and financial services industries. The company's launch has been keenly supported by the mobile operator community. The clearing system which we have developed has been built in close consultation with roaming and finance management teams from the operator community and sets new standards in roaming settlement. The Nextgen service has been designed to fill the ever-increasing gap between the technicalities of roaming, and financial reporting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details