TITLE: Simple Part Time Jobs At Home Weekly Payment Available

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent job opportunity for all part time job seekers and for freshers. Spend you valuable time through internet and get paid for that. Have you a good commitment in your life than join with us. When you Co-operate with us you can improve your life. Earn a good income in home .Share your time and get paid in home based job. Company : Mass Media Qualification:PLUS 2 and Graduate Age:Above 20 Male/Female Permanent Job Training Provided Salary-15000-25000 Contact Mr.Shiva Team Leader 9025275838 Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 1,50,000 P.A. Weekly Payment Available Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Data Entry Operation Part Time online data entry home based online job work from home online job home based internet job data entry jobs internet job computer operator jobs internet job free lancer jobs internet job Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Find Live Info Pvt Ltd DATA SERVICES is established in the year 2012 with a vision of transforming an ordinary to extra ordinary thing. Find live info is one of our main project, it is a developing search engine site based at Chennai, India. With years of experience, we have crafted massive data collection job opportunities for public. FIND LIVE INFO a blend of experience, imagination, strategy and action to create digital experience that excite, challenge, inspire and engage users. FIND LIVE INFO provides other business opportunities which will be handled by experts of various fields. We have interesting combination of young and experienced Specialists Under the guidance of our Top Management we bloom towards success Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details