TITLE: SECRETARY / STENOGRAPHER

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Graduate with a Diploma in Stenography having minimum 5 yrs. experience as a Stenographer / Secretary, Self correspondence, Letter writing and expert in MS - Office, etc. p> Professionally enriching environment awaits selected candidates. Compensation Package will commensurate with qualification & experience for the right candidates. p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Stenographer/Data Entry Operator Keyskills ms office diploma self correspondence expert package experience writing compensation ms secretary Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Opus Projects Limited An ongoing quest for advancement in technology, A never ending saga of quality pursuit, An un-satiable zeal towards Perfection, A penchant for meeting commitments and client satisfaction. These are the principles that hold the key to success of Opus and have catapulted us to new glitzy heights. Opus Projects Limited is a growing construction and real estate development company which aims to play a significant role in the real estate revolution in our country. True to our name \'Opus\' which means \'an outstanding piece of work\' our aim is to conceptualize and create landmarks with a renewed passion, commitment and dedication. With our vision to create exceptional and world class living spaces that are affordable. The company has its base in Delhi, Mumbai and in Dubai. OPUS is a member of PHD Chamber, FICCI and ASSOCHAM. Opus has top-of-the-line management professionals adept in real estate construction and development working with Mr. Rajesh Khursija, promoter of Opus who brings with him experience of developing more than 500 acres of spaces through his associate groups in Pune, Rudrapur, Karnal & NCR. Mr. Khursija is also the Promoter of Parkash Amusement Limited, a leading amusements solutions provider in India. At Opus, Mr. Khursija, brings his vast experience, joining hands with other industry leaders from different segments of real estate and lifestyle. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details