TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Comprehensive understanding with a minimum of 1-3years work experience in .NET 3.5/4.0 Framework, including Visual Studio 2008/2010, C#, ASP.NET. 2. Exposure to relational database: SQL /PLSQL 3.Â Deliver quality code that meets the business requirements. 4. A team player with a pro-active and positive attitude. 5. Excellent interpersonal, coaching and problem solving skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net C# SQL Database Web Applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talent Maximus Talent Maximus derives its leadership strengths from some of the finest professionals in the Human Resources Outsourcing Domain. They have been the path-breakers in the areas of Human Resources Services, Process Excellence and Technology Innovations. Tmi provides Ã‚Â´Total PayrollÃ‚Â´, a solution which offers Input Validation, Payroll Processing, Reimbursement Management, Travel Claims Processing, Compliance reporting and filing, Tax calculations and filings, Quarterly and Year end filings, On-site/off-site employee support etc, it also provides services like IT Proof verification, generation and distribution of Form 16, on the web with automated digital signature or hard copies as per client requirement . It has a team of dedicated service professionals on a mission to serve. They work with the purpose of providing Customer delight. All team members have relevant domain expertise. Dedicated client managers will ensure efficient implementation and control. A dedicated Compliance team across all regions ensures 100% statutory Compliance in all client and tMI locations. The Center in Chennai has the Functional and Operations teams working diligently on processes to ensure strict adherence to TAT and SLAs. The regional teams are structured in order to facilitate Client and Employee coordination. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details