TITLE: Travel Consultant

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 2 years professional travel agent experience Strong knowledge in both domestic and international destinations Any degree/ diploma in travel tourism course will be preferred however not mandatory. Skills Required: 2- 3 Years experience in itinerary designing for both domestic & internationals. Excellent knowledge and experience in the travel industry. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills and presentation skills in English. Hardworking and has management abilities. Good work ethics. Excellent communication skills. Experience with Sabre or Amadeus or Galileo GDS. Should have a passport. Job Responsibilities: Awareness of international destinations and tourist attractions. Preparing itineraries for corporates for their MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences, exhibitions) activities in India & Abroad. To obtains approval of concept by submitting rough layout for approval. Co-ordinating with suppliers, hotel contracting etc. Interacting with clients on a daily basis and understanding their requirements and making the itinerary accordingly. Designing and customizing tours/travel packages, in line with customer requirements and company policies. Experience in an international travel/holiday packages. Experience in handling visas, documentatio Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Tour Mngmt Executive Keyskills travel diploma mice tours exhibitions documentation conferences english handling holiday packages Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. has been engaged in offering one stop solution for all business needs of their clients. Working on the philosophy of You Imagine, We Showcase we have created a niche for ourselves in this domain by creating and executing inspirational events flawlessly. Our state-of-the-art infrastructure that is well-equipped with all latest machineries and softwares, can fulfil all of the requirement of our client within specific time frame. Founded with a dream to provide complete media solutions to its clients, we Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. has achieved a distinct identity in our domain because of the hardwork and dedication of our team. By making use of both technology and creativity, the skilled and talented workforce of our organization has successfully executed more than 25,000 events all across the globe. We offer full scale event management services to our clients be it related to web, travel or printing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details