TITLE: Executive/ Sr. Executive / Assistant Manager -sales - Delhi and Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Note : Please apply only if you have 55% and above in your academics. Position Description: Our sales professionals focus on face to face sales presentations as they provide our clients an opportunity to know IndiaMART & value addition IndiaMART can bring to their respective business. This position allows you to build new clients for the organization, build rapport and trust in both yourself and the company. Our top sales professionals are passionate and driven in order to produce top results, all the while maintaining integrity. Position holder will be an individual contributor, responsible to drive sales activities within assigned region. Job Summary : To generate leads & Identify decision makers within targeted leads and initiate the sales process. To penetrate all targeted accounts and originate sales opportunities for the company's products and services. To set up and deliver sales presentations, product/service demonstrations on daily basis. To ensure systematic follow-up with the client organizations to take the sales pitch to time-bound closure. To be an interface between the customer and internal support teams to ensure that the customer receives the best possible service from the company. To ensure that all payments are collected as per the company's payment terms. Ensure adherence to sales processes and requirements. Achievement of monthly, quarterly & yearly business plan. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience:Graduation is mandatory.55% in Any 2 Qualifications: 10th, 12th Standard or Graduation6 Months to 3 Years of sales experiencePreferably from Dotcom , Media, Internet, Banking or Insurance IndustryKnowledge:Knowledge and application of sales techniques such as: Rapport building, selling on emotion, building value in the product, and closing the sale.Skills:Quick thinking and problem solving skillsAble to work independently and as a team playerExcellent verbal communication skillsExcellent active listening skillsAttitude & Behavior:Positive and enthusiastic attitudeHandles Rejection wellCustomer focus and result oriented approach Company Profile: IndiaMart IndiaMART is India's largest online marketplace, connecting buyers with suppliers. The online channel focuses on providing a platform for buyers, who can be SMEs, large enterprises as well as individuals. Buyers typically gain access to a wider marketplace, diverse portfolios of quality products to choose from and tap a one-stop-shop which caters to all their specific requirements, thereby aiding the discerning buyer make well-informed choices! IndiaMART offers a platform and tools to over 14 million buyers to search from over 25.7 million products and get connected with over 1.8 million reliable and competitive suppliers. Founded in 1996, the company's mission is 'to make doing businesses, easy'. IndiaMART has been the proud recipient of the Red Herring 100 Asia Award in 2008, as one of the top promising Asian companies driving the future of technology. Led by innovation and backed by experience, the company introduced a pioneering service in 2012 called Buy Leads. The commitment to bring affordable and low-cost solutions to the SMEs laid the foundation for this low-cost solution, which was bestowed with the Manthan Award in 2013 under the 'E-business and Financial Inclusion' Category. In association with ET Now, IndiaMART launched 'Leaders of Tomorrow' Awards in 2010 to honor the most promising entrepreneurs in the Indian MSME space across different categories. Started with 25,000 nominations which were received in 2010, the Awards received over 1,00,000 nominations from all across the country in 2014. Moreover, with an aim to highlight different challenges faced by SMEs across different cities, and discuss their growth opportunities, IndiaMART launched Emerging Business Forum in 2009 in association with Zee Business. The forum travels to different identified cities before concluding into the grand finale. IndiaMART has over 2800+ employees located across 55+ offices in the country, and with customers spanning across 200 nations. Its existing investors include Intel Capital and Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details