TITLE: Sales Manager - Digital

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : Experienced sales professional . Should have 5-6 yrs of experience. Proven end to end sales skills - prospecting, pipeline management, closing, negotiation (this role Requires end to end sales management) Self starter and self motivated. Digitally literate. Experience of selling at board level. Effective communications skills - presentational, face to face and written. Detail and process oriented. Proven ability to meet targets. Proven experience translating technology feature sets into business benefits. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills selling prospecting closing benefits communications skills pipeline management experience process oriented self motivated sales manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blue Digital Media Pvt Ltd Digital marketing at Blue Digital is typically multifaceted and is meant for solving specific marketing challenges while building upon client capabilities. Apart from assigning new roles that develop employee skills, we also address your technology infrastructure issues and help identify potential partners. We work to: Harness digital marketing strategies that drive sales and performance gains. Our shift may involve mastering multichannel practices to distinctive insights that develop contact strategies, streamlined planning and execution processes and upgrade all internal capabilities. As a digital marketing agency, we help integrate the flow of customer experience across all channels of lead resources while continuously providing new practical perspectives. Here is a brief at our specific digital marketing techniques: Search engine optimization (SEO) This has always been the way search engines have worked and the process is here to continue. The difference that we experience now is that search engines have become much stricter and it is the quality content that can help get placement in the first few rankings. It is important for businesses to get the maximum exposure and the farther one is listed in search pages, the lower are the chances of success. As a digital marketing company, we ensure that you are well placed and gain a substantial amount of traffic geared towards your industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details