TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should have experience on Java , Android SDK, IDE Eclipse, HTML5, XML, jQurey Mobile, Phonegap, Sencha, CSS3, Ajax, Web services, JSON, REST API, SOA, SOAP web services, SQL(SQLite), RDBMS Concepts Experience in dealing with Camera, G Sensor, Screen, Map, Location, and Media, web services. Multi-Threading and memory management specific to mobile devices Understanding of caching mechanisms File Handling Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL and similar database management system Experience on Google Maps, YouTube, GPS, Social Networking (G , Facebook, Twitter etc.), Cloud messaging and push notification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills api dealing gps handling java social networking soa messaging mysql sql Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gajdeva Technologies Pvt. Ltd Gajdeva Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is a Web Design and Development Company in India. We are providing customized IT Solutions to our clients worldwide. The Company aims to deliver innovative and outside the box design and development solutions to its customers in order to help them build a dynamic brand image in their respective business niche. We successfully cater to online marketing needs and requirements of our clients to keep them a step ahead from their competitors. We are a team of highly skilled and experienced IT professionals. Our Thinking outside the box, approach helps us to provide innovative and exceptional Web Designs to our clients. We are committed to deliver world class IT Solutions to our customers, through creative work and prompt after sales services. Our Core Solutions includes, Web Design and Development, E-Commerce Store Development, SEO/SMO Services, Mobile App Development, IT Outsourcing, PSD to HTML, Open Source Implementation etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details