TITLE: Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 0-3 years of experience in sales management. Experience with enterprise software solutions and large, complex organizations. Extensive experience in all aspects of Supplier Relationship Management. Proven track record in managing and directing a highly skilled, motivated, successful and results-oriented sales force. Strong leadership qualities with good communication and interpersonal skills. Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements. Able to operate in a fast-paced and changing market environment. Review the entire inventory daily. Be sure that each unit that is available for immediate delivery as soon as possible, and select units for special displays. Maximize your merchandising efforts by seeing that units are attractive and attention getting. Use effective displays, and select appropriate options and accessories. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills merchandising accessories options supplier relationship management experience sales executive enterprise software market interpersonal skills leadership qualities Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Today, Careerbridge Consultants is one of the leading companies delivering unsurpassed quality and reliability in effective recruitment solutions. We have vast network of global clients, with long-standing business partnership with premier organizations and enterprises, providing unprecedented career opportunities. Our dedicated approach and best practices has helped us efficiently bridge the gap between demands of the clients on one hand and scarce supply of qualified professionals on the other hand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details