TITLE: Drupal Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Write good quality software that complies with Drupal Coding Standards. Understand clientrsquos business needs and develop a software solution with necessary validations Attend client calls, demonstrations to the client. provide assistance, guidance and support to other developers when necessary. Review codes of peers Maintain appropriate documentation with code. Undertake quality assurance and testing for functionalities developed. Communication Responsibilities: Deliver engaging, informative and well-organized presentations. Resolves and/or escalates issues in a timely fashion. Other Responsibilities: Disseminate technology best practices. Work with senior developers in adoption of new technologies within our Technology practice Requirements, Skills, Qualications: Must have 3 years PHP or other significant programming experience. Good understanding of MY SQL and relational databases. Expertise in PHP development and Drupal. Expertise in JavaScript and mainstream JavaScript libraries such as JQuery and working knowledge of Ajax. Good understanding of web technologies and HTTP. Good Linux skills HTML and CSS skills commensurate with years of experience. Git knowledge/ version control knowledge and skills. Contribution in open source community Experience in Drupal 7 of 1 years. Good with RDBMS & writing custom SQL, Drupal API experience Must have PHP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML and CSS experience Should be able to code as per Drupal standard coding Should be well versed with implementation and configuration of most commonly used modules Experience with CSS Frameworks such as Twitter Bootstrap. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development api documentation coding problem solving quality assurance php linux git open source Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Srijan Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Welcome! We are glad that you have found us. We created this page to provide you with easy access to our latest updates and events. Since you might want to know about us, we are happy to tell you who we are, what we do and how we do it. Who we are? We are a team of highly motivated individuals who are constantly working on self improvement, team growth and customer delight. We\'re out to create a workplace that is participative, transparent and fair with an aim to achieve an alignment in the interests of the employees, the business that employs them, and the customers they serve together. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details