TITLE: SEO Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Excellent verbal and written communication skills. A working knowledge of SEO and how it applies to content marketing. Basic knowledge of HTML. Creativity & resourcefulness. Extreme attention to detail. The ability to multitask and adhere to deadlines. Flexibility to evolve strategies quickly & effectively. Experience in Wordpress and Blogger (preferred). Research , collect , curate and update information about styles , details , fabric and Campaigns. Proof Read the data on the website to ensure that information is accurate Implementing various elements of content marketing strategy. Optimising current copy on a client\'s website (page titles , meta descriptions , h1s , alts , anchor text , etc.). Writing new SEO-friendly copy for website.Blog writing and posting.Press release writing (as well as other forms of PR--media pitches , articles , etc.).Infographic creation and promotion.Slideshare creation.Video Transcriptions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills pr seo marketing strategy website html articles fabric wordpress forms content marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ZOBELLO Inspired by our Canadian roots with over 30 years of expertise in manufacturing apparels, fabrics and yarns, Zobello was initiated with a thought to make online shopping for men a more engaging and interactive experience. Our purpose is to provide you the best of clothing and style at the click of a button from the comfort of your surrounding. Discover yourself as a fashionista and we will provide you an exclusive range of products to reinvent your wardrobe every month. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details