TITLE: Associate Manager Comissioning

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description knowledge of the domain landscape of the country is a must Ability to communicate/negotiate with internal and external customers Well-developed verbal and written communication skills. Analytical and troubleshooting skills Developed computer skills including Word and Excel etc. Ability to learn and grow - commits to and actively works at continually improving oneself. Deploys own strengths for the advantage of others and in recognition of onersquos limitations, seeks guidance and development opportunities. Is a role model to peers through professional conduct, integrity and attainment of results. Collaboration - build strong relationships with internal and external customers Communicates with impact - expresses thoughts and ideas in a clear, succinct, and compelling manner in both individual and group situations; adjusts language to capture the attention of the audience. Customer orientation - cultivates and maintains strategic customer relationships ensuring that the customer perspective is the driving force behind products that are developed. Driving execution - translates strategy and planning into operational reality. Collaborate with various stakeholders and others to effectively deliver products/ solutions to the customers. High levels of tenacity and EI ( emotional intelligence) - pursue everything with energy, drive, agility and a need to deliver in the face of resistance or pushback. Identify alternative approaches to achieve the desired result when unsuccessful. Negotiation - win the trust and respect of others, both internally and externally, to deliver outcomes that do not damage relationships while remaining direct and forceful as well as diplomatic. Team work - in all work groups, participate enthusiastically, share your unique perspective, remain open to the views of others and collectively resolve internal and customer issues. Collaborates and partners to meet customer needs. Challenges the status quo. Drives to deliver. Communicates openly and candidly. Shares knowledge and expertise. Qualifications Understanding of the legal/Tax framework and the structure of courts in the country Minimum five years relevant work experience - preferably in a publishing or content management environment Degree in Law / CA is essential Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Law Officer Keyskills development content management deliver drives relationships publishing internal customers customer analytical Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: LLB PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reed Elsevier plc Reed Elsevier is an Anglo-Dutch multinational publishing and information company co-headquartered in London, United Kingdom and Amsterdam, Netherlands. It operates in the science, medical, legal, risk, marketing, financial, and business sectors. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details