TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Independently drive the development of Android based application with assistance of UX team and work on the necessary patterns notations and tools. Conceptualize and design Mobile applications based on client need by analyzing RSD/RFP documents. Provide inputs and directions to associates, lead and mentor a small team of developers. Provides innovative solutions to build applications for enterprise needs and games etc. Ensures effective data management for each project. Maintain the quality of deliverables. Adherence to schedule and processes for deliveries. Desired Candidate Profile Minimum 2 year of relevant experience in Android applications development. This should include minimum 2 projects experience building apps for enterprise needs. Ability to architect and design solutions to complex issues on Android platform. Strong communication / interpersonal skills. Experience in building location aware applications is a big plus though not mandatory. Strong basic CS concepts and OOPs skills. Ability to understand business requirements. Should be able to work independently. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills rfp tools data management documents android applications skills design solutions mobile applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iCore eSolutions Pvt. Ltd iCore is a team of individuals with diverse functional and technical expertise focused on solving business problems by developing customer centric application and e-business solutions. iCore is a place where one learns about the professionalism, ethics, values and importance of client\'s requirements and how to solve them efficiently using their product engineering and technology expertise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details