TITLE: iPhone Development Engineers

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : At least 1 years of hands on Experience using iPhone development. The developer must know how to create cutting edge application using Apple SDK. The developer should be able to handle entire cycle of getting application on Apple Appstore & must have submitted at least two applications on Apple iTune. Total Positions: 3. Open Till Filled Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sdk iphone development create edge application cutting be apple applications experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rapidsoft Systems, Inc Rapidsoft Systems is an emerging global leader in software and product development services. We are a knowledge driven company that values transparent business practices and provides comprehensive solutions to its global clients. At the very core of our business competency is technology. We are always exploring opportunities to find novel ideas to resolve technical challenges. We take pride in being ethical and in nurturing an environment of openness in all our business endeavors. At RapidSoft Systems, we strive to create an environment that is conducive for new ideas, as well as for efficient, technology driven solutions that help our clients succeed. Our services include product design, IT consulting, outsourced software development and product testing. Rapidsoft Systems employs professionals from the industry with years of experience in their areas of expertise. Our people have been at the forefront of technologies for the past two decades and have written numerous technical and research papers, internet RFCs and standard documents. They have also been speakers at the prestigious IEEE and ACM forums, as well as at conferences and seminars of other industries. We are a US Company with very much in sync with technologies - we are not a programming factory like typical outsourcing outfits. Nor do we want to be. We want to differentiate our work by doing things differently - applying knowledge to solve complex problems - and hopefully, pass on a better future for the next generation for every one. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details