TITLE: Manager Credit

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate(s) who have passed out their full time MBA's from / IIM's / IIT Mumbai / IIT Delhi / JBIMS, NITIE, NMIMS Mumbai / Bangalore / Hyderabad, MDI Gurgoan / SP Jain / XIMB Bhubaneshwar /IIFT Delhi / IIFT Kolkatta / FMS Delhi / SIBM Pune, XLRI, in the year 2015 can only apply for the below mentioned role(s). Other campus pass out's, kindly do not apply for the below mentioned opening. Relationship Manager SME Credit + Sales Profile - Exploring avenues for income generation for the bank by way of acquiring new clients and managing existing relationships. - Interacting and negotiating with top officials of the corporate to achieve targets. - Appraisal, analysis of financial statements of the companies to put up credit proposals. Structure the proposal as per the client's requirement. - Defend the proposal and obtain desired risk rating and also facilitates for the clearance of proposal from the various support groups mainly Legal, compliance, Balance Sheet Management Group, Credit Middle office etc. - Presenting the proposal in the committee meetings and getting the committee clearance for the proposal. - Documentation, verification and disbursal of loans to clients. - Post sanction monitoring of assets through stock statements analysis, market feed back and account transaction tracking. - Liasoning with other bankers to obtain and share of information on client's credit performance. - Satisfying the compliance requirements of bank in terms of self audit, filling of documents and maintain MIS. - Enhancing relationship value in terms of earning more income from the client by tailoring various products suited to the client. - Analysis of industries to understand the trends, scenarios, risks, opportunities and apprising the same to management. - Working closely with the Commercial Banking group & treasury team to provide Trade Services, CMS & Forex services with an objective to achieve higher fee, CA and FX volume Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HEADHUNTERS HR PVT. LTD. Well known Leadership hiring firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details