TITLE: JAVA .

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities accountabilities Design and develop J2EE software components in a fast pace. Understand the requirements with respect to its impact to the success of the business goal and be able to translate them to a technical implementation. Interact well with other technical team leaders as a member of the development team in order to accomplish the business goal. Write the detail technical design documentation Code and unit test J2ee applications Write detailed technical specifications for subsystems and identify integration points CORE CAPABILITIES Understanding of J2EE, Apache Tomcat, Unix Shell Scripting, Database, SQL, HTML, JavaScript, XML and SOAP technologies. Good communication and technical writing skills are mandatory TECHNICAL SKILLS Experience with UNIXLINUX operating systems Experience of coding design and documentation as well as unit testing Experience programming using java J2EE language Experience using SQL or similar query language Experience using debugging tools OTHER SKILLS Knowledge of working with Various Application Servers like Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Weblogic and IBM WebSphere is desirable. Experience applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java j2ee javascript xml html development weblogic jboss coding unix shell scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ATHENTA TECHNOLOGIES P LTD Athenta prides itself on being a thought leader and innovator in the \'Integrated Infrastructure Management\' domain. We are laser focussed on creating products that are able to transform the way companies grow their revenues and optimise their operations. Companies worldwide can now operate their entire infrastructure eco-system using Athenta\' Integrated Infrastructure Management Solution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details