TITLE: Associate, Quality Assurance Analyst, Bond Pricing

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Department The Global Quality Assurance team comprises of 120 experienced Testing professionals located in Europe and North America and India. The team supports the high quality of Markitrsquos software by independently verifying that software functionality conforms to business requirements using a combination of manual and technical Testing techniques. The team is also responsible for verifying technical aspects of the implementation including the performance and scalability of the solution. The Noida based Quality Assurance group of approximately 100 Testing professionals work closely with colleagues in other Markit offices Position Summary Markit is looking for a proactive, self-starting test analyst to join its operations. The position is ideal for a hands on test analyst working to develop, maintain and execute test cases and suites across the applications. Duties & Accountabilities Identify test cases that are suitable for build / execution Working from product documentation as well as through collaboration with staff in different geographic locations, create and maintain test cases and scripts to required quality levels Liaise with QA team to plan and prioritise tasks in a timely and transparent manner Execute manual system tests and identify those that can be automated for regression purposes. Maintain all test artefacts in the HP ALM / Quality Centre repository. Liaise with development and the business to ensure deadlines are met. Support releases with post release testing. Business Competencies University graduate or equivalent of a computer science or information systems degree. Demonstrable system/regression testing experience, ideally in a financial environment. Good understanding of software systems and development. Experience working with V-model and RAD/agile development life-cycle methodologies. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ISEB / ISTQB Certification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills operations documentation test cases computer science regression testing pricing life cycle alm proactive problem solving skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details