TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Ensure that the client's requirements are met. Ensures that project is completed on time and within budget. Appointing various professional candidates for various projects. Will timely update Recruitment Department. Will manage Project from Initiation to Closure. Will provide a Project schedule to identify when each task will be performed. Will develop tools and best practices for project Management and Execution Keen to Keep Researching for New, Interactive and Latest HOT Topics. Will train and Help other Colleagues, Employees, Trainers, Developers, Interns and other Students in the Company. Desired Candidate Profile Candidates with prior experience will be preferred. Any Graduate. Ability to motivate people and team driving capability. Basic knowledge of MS OFFICE. Pro-Active and Willing to take Initiatives and Responsibilities. Minimum Work Experience of 0-5 Years. Should believe in Teamwork, Cooperation and Helping Others Out Whenever Needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills recruitment project management tools knowledge of ms office project manager be project schedule experience client researching Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iHackers iHackers is a leading company which provides Services, Workshops and Training in the field of Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, Network Monitoring and IT Support, Web-Application Security, Web Development and Web Designing, Multimedia (Animation, Graphic Designing, 3D Design, Flash, Photoshop), Internet Marketing, Application Development for Android and iOS etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details