TITLE: UX Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description You should have experience in Information architecture, wireframes, HCI, data flow and Rapid-UI prototyping and be able to pick up new design concepts quickly as we evolve. You are a thoughtful designer who is passionate about creating truly innovative digital experiences, possesses great attention to detail, and can drive a team to deliver exceptional products. You push boundaries of what is possible in design, you are not limited by the past, you are not afraid to explore & exploit new things. You act proactively, take smart risks, think systemically, implement quickly and innovate fiercely. Responsibilities to create the best possible user experience for our products & deliver extreme delight to our customers. The role will require you to design of all our projects, you will collaborate with engineers, product managers and create possibilities through visual and interactive prototypes and then you will translate them into prototype code. You will have to take ownership & responsibility of final user experience of the product. You will have opportunity to work on web across devices. You will also actively take part in planning, scoping and creation of innovative design solutions for new products. You will be key member of a team creating disruptive platform and products that could revolutionize the way people learn, assess and measure their skills. Ours is a start-up environment so you must NOT be afraid to share ideas, work with a team, and explore new technologies! At Zaakpay we set deadlines and strive hard to achieve them, if you are looking for a regular 9 to 5 job please spare us otherwise join us in shaping the future of learning. Desired Skills & Experience 3 years of experience as UX designer experience in product design Proficient at Photoshop and standard wire framing applications understanding of web-related technology and products ability to manage one\'s time effectively to meet multiple, tight deadlines eye for quality & detail, zeal to learn and grow a start-up mentality and work ethic Bonus Points experience in prototyping web development experience in HTML5 and CSS3 strong interpersonal, collaboration, and communication skills, both verbal and written. experience in mentoring junior designers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills web development ideas passionate photoshop product design prototyping prototype experience css3 design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: zaakpay Zaakpay is an online payments startup, venture funded by Sequioa Capital, based in New Delhi, India. We aim to make payments simpler for all ecommerce users in India. We, at ZaakPay, are passionately building a state-of-the-art payments platform that would solve most of the payment issues faced by ecommerce companies. We believe in hiring a lean team who would evangelize the product and wish to be a part of the core team of an exciting startup journey. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details