TITLE: Assistant sales manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities 1. Conducting Activities and Generating leads 2. Direct Sales to Clients. Overachieving Revenue Goals 3. Follow up with the clients for the sale of properties 4. Maintaining daily sales reports 5. Need Analysis & suggesting the appropriate options to prospective 6. Post sales assistance to customers for the completion of various clients. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills direct sales post sales options maintaining need analysis activities clients sale analysis sales manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Value Max Advisors Consulting Pvt. Ltd In 2011, ValueMax Advisors was born in the heartland of RealEstate-Heartland of India Delhi NCR. Value Max Advisors is a team of professionals from Investment Consulting background with a rich experience of working in Multinational Financial Services, Banks and Real-Estate Advisory Companies. Real estate is a valuable and often expensive purchase. Copious research is done by home buyers before venturing out to acquire real estate of their choice. In this day and age, gathering in-depth information about a property is typically time-consuming and captivating. VMA is a culmination of visionary entrepreneurs who have created credibility and brought professionalism to the large fragmented and disorganized market. VMA has established itself as one of the top real estate advisory company in the flamboyant and volatile NCR market. Whether its investment for value gains or your dream house, its our endeavour that our specialist understand your need and hand hold for each deal. We take pride in being one of the most efficient REAL ESTATE consulting company with offices in GURGAON, NOIDA and BHIWADI with a team of highly trained investment and real-estate experts putting customers interests and profits as our guiding principle. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details