TITLE: Software Engineers (Team Leaders and Programmers)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science or software engineering with at least 60% aggregate score (From a reputed University). Hands-on programming experience with expertise in ASP.NET, C#, Silverlight (for experienced candidate) XML, HTML Tag, Java Script, and MS Access Databases, SQL Server, MySQL. Candidate with exposure also to Silverlight, Linq, Oracle, VB.net, WCF, WPF, WWF would be preferred. Ability and eagerness to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies."I can do it" attitude. To be considered for this position, the candidate will have to demonstrate expertise with HTML Tags, Java Script, C# project, through a sample code, his/her proficiency in writing the code and its reliability. The candidate will also be required to provide a response to a short assignment to demonstrate understanding of the development language as well as problem solving skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml html sql server mysql development wcf wpf silverlight linq ms access Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Acmatix Solutions Pvt Ltd. We focus on providing solutions that would enhance productivity and efficiency of your organization and letting you focus on your core competence. Acmatix offers cutting-edge solutions by using technology in a more productive and effective way. Our cost effective solutions are efficient procedures for both industry leaders and small companies to reduce expenses and retain a competitive advantage. Each firm whether small or big has its own business functions and requirements. Therefore, in order to fulfill these requirements, the firms require tailor-made products to execute in an efficient manner. With the help of custom software development your business will reach new heights and achieve desired achievements. With our innovative approach, we can tailor our solutions and our software development framework to provide a cost effective solution for business of any size. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details