TITLE: Senior Executive Assistant

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description : Candidates with MBA/Post Graduate/Masters Diploma in Business Management/Personnel Management & Industrial Relations (full time course) from reputed university/institute with minimum 60% marks. Essential skills required include MIS reporting, planning and scheduling meetings and appointments, travel arrangements etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Secretary/PA Keyskills mba diploma planning and scheduling travel arrangements mis reporting industrial relations executive assistant business management personnel management institute Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MILESTONE CONSULTING GROUP Milestone Consulting Group is counted among the well-known HR & Placement Consultants in North India, offering a wide range of HR services to clients. At Milestone Consulting Group, we believe that proper manpower can ensure an exponential growth for your organization. By completely understanding your need, we thereby provide a professional approach ensuring that the right person is recruited for the job. Milestone Consulting Group is a well-established outsourcing service provider. The firm has been operating actively from its base in Lucknow since the year 2014. Quality Human Resource is the basic driving force of any organization, and the driving force behind any projects finance and management. At Milestone Consulting Group, we believe that proper manpower can ensure impeccable and steady growth for your organization. Reputed for its integrity and trusted for its highly qualitative database, Milestone Consulting Group adheres to a well-structured recruitment process for every assignment. We have developed expertise in assessing the industry and job specific skills in a candidate. This enables us in guiding the candidate towards the right career path. A Complete Manpower & Outsourcing Solution Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details