TITLE: Technical Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Handling incoming calls & selling technical support subscription plans to the customers. Excellent communication & convincing skills with fluency in English. Should be able to multi-task during handling a transaction (Type & Talk), Should be an avid listener. Will be responsible for ATTAINING daily, weekly and monthly Sales Targets . Interact with the customers to resolve their queries related with hardware/software issues. Respond to request for support and assistance from customers. Hands on Windows Operating System, installation and troubleshooting. Flair & Passion for Sales. Strong customer service skills. Job Specification: Ability to close sales. Excellent communication skills in English. Should be able to engage the customer in a conversation and avoid dead air on calls. Accurately capturing required customer details in CRM. A high degree of self-motivation and drive. Ability to work both, independently and as part of a team. Meet Call Quality requirements as outlined via Call Monitoring Guidelines. Requires maintaining 100% Sales Compliance as per Sales Compliance Guidelines. Adequate working knowledge of Anti-Virus, Spyware, Trojans, Malwares. Must have good working & operational knowledge of at least 1 of the following: Antivirus Software (McAfee/Symantec/TrendMicro etc.) Advance operational/troubleshooting skills (for at least one the following): Computer Desktop/Laptop operations along with peripherals (Printers, Scanners, USB Drives) Advanced Knowledge of the Operating systems: Windows 7, Windows 2000, XP Home, XP Pro (Set-Up, Install, Re-Install, Recovery). Virus/Spyware/Malware eradication including Manual Virus removal. Basic Networking Concepts (Wireless Set-Up & Configuration & Internet Connectivity). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills operations selling crm wireless laptop technical support drives desktop peripherals english Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GRASP Consultiplex Pvt. Ltd Consultiplex offers high quality human resource services and is emerging as one of the leading specialist in this field. We have achieved excellence in providing highly skilled and experienced professionals. Our focus is to provide executive Search, HR consulting, BPO Jobs in Delhi, Fresher, Experience BPO Jobs Opening, Latest Call Centre Jobs Vacancies in Delhi, NCR, Noida, India Outsourcing, staffing, etc. to our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details