TITLE: SEO MANAGER | INTERNET MARKETING

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Account Manager for Services company AdLift which provides SEO services to clients in India and around the world. Minimum 4 yrs of experience in a Search Engine Marketing profile including Search Engine Optimization. Identifying New Market Opportunities. Sound knowledge of Google Adwords, Yahoo, Facebook advertising. Identifying potential Clients and negotiating with them till closure on Search Engine Marketing projects. Respond to the RFP of clients with detailed site analysis and proposals. The person will be responsible for working on multiple projects and Client Interaction. Ability to handle international clients. Experience Level:- 4 years of experience, in Internet Marketing, Business Development and Client handling with a thorough knowledge of SEO. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES: Strong Technical knowledge on SEO is very important (both on-page and off-page). Good working knowledge of PPC and SMO. Excellent Communication skills. Ability to close potential clients Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills business development internet marketing rfp seo ppc smo google adwords facebook yahoo search engine marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. is a full service internet company located in India providing quality web solutions, website design, web development, domain registration, e-commerce, network & hardware and IT consultancy services, multimedia presentation and maintenance services to businesses of all types and sizes. We are known for our talent, passion, work ethic and building ongoing long term relationships and commitment through support and maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details