TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Implementation Project Management for Airtel Enterprise Services for customer o Planning and tracking the implementation of links and LOC collection to ensure financial targets are met for all implementation in the region on the assigned projects. Ensure installation and commissioning of all projects as per given timelines. o Ensure deployment and implementation of activities towards providing a better support to the Global wholesale customer accounts being handled. o Analyze the key performance measures and service levels, identify root cause and report Implementation of Network Performance Measures. Undertake Periodic Reviews of Customer network Performance and improve Customer Satisfaction Index o Timely escalations and seeking intervention to relevant sources to ensure smooth project progress. o Building and monitoring effective relationships with internal and external customers. o Produce relevant Quality of Service reports and lead/ manage the Service Review with the Customer, identifying any service gaps and producing Action Plans to close. o Monitors all critical account situation / escalations until resolution. Identify and Deploy Measures to Improve Service Levels Facilitate the prompt, effective resolution of all service related issues. Capture customer pain points Coordinate with product , finance and network team for faster resolution Ensure process and product adaptation for better service Provide feedback of the customer expectations to the respective AES process owners Undertakes identification of root causes and the development/ implementation of associated action plans to maintain/ improve customer satisfaction. Update the relevant dashboards with requisite data / information. Driving change through implementation of customized solutions as per customer expectations to enhance customer satisfaction Process Compliance o High degree of process compliance in area of project execution and support Knowledge and project alignment with prescribed rules and regulations in the country customer is operating from. Develop & Nurture Relationships with relevant people at Client Organisation and Identify opportunities to shore up recurring revenue opportunities Communicates status of Project Implementation to customers including timelines. Actively supports in the development of new business initiatives by providing service- related information to assigned accounts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bharti Airtel Limited Bharti Airtel Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details