TITLE: Urgently Required Online Tutor - Work From Home/work From Office

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We are in the process of identifying Full Time/Part Time - Online Tutors, to work with us from Home (PAN India ) who can help us in teaching High Grade (9th - 12th standards) to US students. Position: Online Tutor Subjects: Physics, Chemistry, Calculus, Finance, Accounts, Statistics, Economics Grades: 9th - 12th Work timings Work from Office (Delhi/NCR - Only Male Candidates) Full time 01:30 AM to 08:30 AM (summers) 02:30 AM to 09:30 AM (winters) Work from Home (PAN India/ Delhi, Male/Female) Choose minimum 3 and maximum 6 working hours (Flexible Hours) 01.30AM to 11.30 AM (summers) 02.30AM to 12.00PM (winters) *5 days a week (Monday - Friday) Earn between Rs.13000/- to Rs. 40,000/- per month depending on the tutoring hours you choose. Basic requirements: * Excellent subject knowledge * Ability to communicate scientific and subjective concepts clearly in English * Basic computer operating skills * Hands on experience in surfing Internet, using search tools like Google etc. * Typing speed 25-40 word/mins. If you would be interested, please send us your resume to tanya.katiyar@triviumedu.com with subject as "Application for the post of Online Tutor" along with your preferred subject name. Applications without the mentioned subject will not be entertained. Regards, Tanya Katiyar Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trivium Education Services (P) Limited We take this opportunity to introduce our organization Trivium Education Services Private Ltd (part of The Manya Group, Indian Partner of The Princeton Review). Trivium Education Services is an education outsourcing company. Our Services Include Online Tutoring, Online Assessments, Online grading and Content development for the US MarketWe work exclusively in the K-12 segment in the US and Indian education market. Our clients include leading publishing companies like McGraw Hill-CTB, Discovery education, Pearson, Scantron, Words and Numbers, BenchPrep, Virtual Nerd, Educomp, and many more. We provide on-line tutors to one of the world's largest Online Tutoring services in subjects like Math, Calculus, Statistics, Physics, Chemistry etc." With around 150 employees working across various verticals, we provide a scalable model and unparallel quality to our clients. For details, we would welcome you to visit our website www.triviumedu.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details