TITLE: Junior Graphic Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Able to work on Mac OS and different photo editing softwares like Adobe Photoshop , Adobe Illustrator , Corel Draw. 1-2 years of experience Good Communication Skills. Detail oriented , flexible , self-motivated and meeting deadlines. Knowledge of HTML & CSS Knowledge of photography and photograph editing , producing accurate and high quality work. To be the voice and message of our brand for online display ads , postcards , mailers and more. Design different types of layouts & illustrations , web design layout & typography according to brand guidelines. Awareness of printing techniques , types of paper or canvas (size , weight) and display options (light box , interactive display) , cutting and finalizing prints for display. Produce visual solutions for communication needs using a mix of creative skills and commercial awareness. Creates professional designs and layouts for promotional materials including direct mailings , handouts , advertisements , posters , signs , logos , and other visual layouts. A true entrepreneurial spirit and ability , to oversee the Zobello brand articulation and designs from the front-end user experience To work closely with a talented team of other graphic designers and marketers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills web design corel draw adobe illustrator printing photo editing posters front end typography promotional design layout Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ZOBELLO Inspired by our Canadian roots with over 30 years of expertise in manufacturing apparels, fabrics and yarns, Zobello was initiated with a thought to make online shopping for men a more engaging and interactive experience. Our purpose is to provide you the best of clothing and style at the click of a button from the comfort of your surrounding. Discover yourself as a fashionista and we will provide you an exclusive range of products to reinvent your wardrobe every month. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details