TITLE: Retails Store Manager - Mumbai / Bangalore / Delhi

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To effectively interpret brand and strategy and communicate it clearly throughout the team. Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. To set objectives and establish priorities based on a commercial understanding of the market. I am the Brand Ambassador - both in and out the store. Exceed all targets and objectives set Has manage the team with firmness and fairness. Efficient and effective P + L management within operational budgets Has established and developed effective relationships informal and formal, internal and external across all functions. Warm welcome and approach to each customer customers inclination to shop starts right from the first step & eye contact. Believes and lives the attitude of Sheer customer delight go beyond To efficiently adhere to all company procedures and policies. To work with the team to achieve award winning customer service. To demonstrate passion in delivering results, meeting goals and exceeding expectations. To communicate effectively and inspire commitment to change and continuous improvement throughout the team. To drive all retail operations with creativity and vision To support a continuous culture of Training & Development throughout the business. To set goals, monitor performance, motivate and measure team contribution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Retail Store Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. Provides a safe environment by following Health & Safety guidelines and being aware of the security on the floor. Keeps up to date with product knowledge to share with customers and team members. To maintain high standards of visual merchandising and housekeeping to enhance the Stores experience. Has previously worked in a retail environment with a strong customer focus. Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. Numerate and Articulate Ability to work independently and as part of the team. Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. Ability to communicate team members views to the Management team effectively Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Pvt Ltd IKYA Human Capital Solutions (A Division of Quess Corp Limited) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details