TITLE: MAGENTO DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Conceptualization of e-commerce websites Actively participating in database structure development Effectively Coordinating with Team Members Developing PHP backend code for pre created site storyboards in HTML Hosting and implementation of the system on a web server Active participation in R& D Key Skills Required - Expert Knowledge of Magento, MySQL, LAMP & PHP - Should have excellent analytical & technical skills. - Should be able to make a step ahead and propose multiple solutions to clients based on the requirement of the client and his experience as a PHP Developer. - Should have excellent logical and coding skills to understand client requirements. - Should be energetic, open to learning. - Should come up with idea of developing the application. - Should have experience undertaking R&D initiatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development analytical backend coding php mysql coordinating html conceptualization magento Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: YNG MEDIA At YNG MEDIA, we provide effective digital marketing services by implementing the best of technology, creativity and analytical expertise. After serving over 400 clients to their satisfaction & being in the market for years, we have equipped ourselves to provide you with the best results for all your marketing campaigns. Based in Delhi, we are a team of over 100 young and energetic digital marketing professionals. Taking a cue from close to 2000 successful projects and campaigns, we do not believe in run of the mill products and services. Unlike other Delhi advertising agencies, we at YNG MEDIA look at digital media marketing as a mix of art and science with tailored & customized solutions based on your end objectives & requirements. Another big differentiator is that we have a self motivated team which just requires a challenge & some obscene amount of coffee to make your campaign a success. Though we do not like blowing our own trumpet and let results speak for themselves, it is indeed a feeling of pride for us to have received countless appreciations and testimonials from our large clientele. Some of our clients have gone on to certify us, unofficially, as the best digital marketing firm and we dont really see a point in contesting their views. We may not know what you are looking for but we are quite certain we have a great plan for your business. And a lot of coffee as well, so why not comes over for a little chat at our office. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details