TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary/Description A middle management sales job for proven team leaders of selling medical & diagnostic products with challenging sales targets for your Region. A good career prospects with handsome earnings are assured. A highly motivated self go- getter is the candidate we are looking for. What You can Expect from us We believe in win- win scenario. If you win, we win. If we win because of your efforts, you will be rewarded suitably. Remuneration is not a constraint for the deserving candidate. Promised growth prospects & a defined career graph. Good salary & very attractive incentive package. Complete support for achieving your targets. Team work to achieve common business goals. Complete freedom to work to prove your mettle. Very congenial work environment. Opportunity to interact with highly qualified medical practitioners, scientists from medical, agriculture & veterinary research in Govt. & Pvt. sector, senior Govt. officials. Opportunity to learn more. What are your Abilities You are young energetic individual in 25 - 32 years age bracket. Graduate (preferably from commerce or science stream) from a recognised university. 3 - 5 years experience in selling capital equipment, industrial selling, institutional selling. Atleast one year selling experience of Electronic Balances shall be considered as an added advantage. 2 years experience as a team leader of 3 - 10 sales person team. You have "FIRE IN BELLY" with good communication skills and succeed in most rewarding profession in the world, i.e., SALES . Thorough geographical knowledge of Northern India. What We Expect from You Take complete responsibilities of routine sales & marketing tasks independently. Explain technical details of products to the prospective buyers and your sales team. Understanding of purchase process in Govt. & Pvt. organisations will be an added advantage for the applicant. Develop channel partner network in your territory. The job requires extensive travelling anywhere in the country. The job demands strict and challenging target achievement. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills selling veterinary middle management graph sales communication skills team targets experience be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Harmony LifeCare, Inc. Harmony LifeCare, Inc. is founded with the mission to get latest, innovative & cost effective solutions to its valued customers. We strive to provide the best ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details