TITLE: Proofreader

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Responsible for maintaining the content quality of the books, copy-editing and proof-reading the content Careful reading of the complete content for language and stylistic consistency Editing the content for grammatical mistakes Ensuring grammatically and stylistically correct copies On-time delivery of copy-edited articles to the production group Proper formatting, graphics correction, and finalizing content Required Skills 1. proofreading2. copy editing3. manuscript tally Experience : 0-3yearDesired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, B. A - Any Specialization, English PG:Any Postgraduate, M. A - Any Specialization, English Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required - Eye for detail - Conceptually Sound - Excellent command over English Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Journalist/Writer Role:Proof Reader Keyskills proof reading english articles graphics formatting tally copy editing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arvind Prakashan Pvt Ltd Arvind Prakashan Pvt. Ltd is a publishing house making benchmarks in publishing high quality books since 1971, whose mission has been to provide quality books at affordable price. We are committed to publish educational, as well as fiction and non-fiction books of international quality covering a wide range of subjects. We are publishing school textbooks and supplementary materials based on NCERT, CBSE, ICSE and State educational Boards' syllabi;informative books and books for pleasure reading. Our work environment is informal yet transparent and professional. We provide broad range of opportunities and fast career growth to talented and self motivated individuals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details