TITLE: Technology Sales Representative IV

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sells a subset of product or services directly or via partners to a large number of named accounts/ non-named accounts/ geographical territory (mainly Tier 3 accounts). Primary job duty is to sell technology software products and related services in a defined territory. Identifies, qualifies and closes new opportunities. Manages accounts including the entire sales process from business development prospecting and specifications through contract negotiations, signing, and post-sales support. Leverages the Oracle sales model to maximize revenue growth and increase local market share. Builds and expands business partner revenue and self sufficiency. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. 8 years applicable experience including 7 years of technology sales experience. Ability to forecast, manage sales expenses, and successfully close new Oracle business. Business development, prospecting and presentation skills. Excellent communication skills and problem solving ability. Proven track record of exceeding sales objective and territory/ account development. Experience as the focal point for clients for all sales and related issues. Oracle knowledge and/ or knowledge of Oracle*s competitors. Travel may be needed. Bachelor degree or equivalent. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business development accounts travel post sales prospecting sales process iv excellent communication skills problem solving ability sales support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details