TITLE: Account Exe/ Account manager / Account Director

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Be a part of business strategic planning and conceptualization based on existing & new clients brief. Should be able to identify various models of Brand activation in BTL, Semi Urban and Rural Promotions with go to customer initiative across geographies. Identify and develop new streams for long term Business generation & maintaining relationships with clients to achieve repeat/ referral business. Initiate and develop relationships with key decision makers in target organizations for client satisfaction. Conduct Detailed Market Analysis to identify opportunities for concerned organization\'s services. Handle Planning, project execution and backend team teams for delivery of results as expected by Clients. Upkeep of all personal revenue tracking systems and provide accurate written and verbal revenue forecasts to management. Manage the Clients business portfolio and create new opportunities for up selling and cross selling within the Ascent activity portfolio. Chasing the Annual Targets and perform as per the business deadlines. Travelling to other locations across India, for client meetings and operations of events/activities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills operations events cross selling strategic planning market analysis backend brand activation tracking conceptualization maintaining Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ascent Brand Communications Pvt. Ltd. We are a frontline brand communications company for over ten years and specialize in BTL (Below the Line) communications which help the clients, touch and make an impact on the lives of people. BTL communication directly delivers the goods without the gaga in between and similar people. In a world where everybody is forever in a time-crunch, BTL communication thrives on connecting directly with the audience. Just like the way when someone reaches out to us personally, we feel special. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details