TITLE: SUPPORT LINE

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Attend the customer concerns over the call in a professional manner. . Resolve the general enquiry at his/ her end. . Forward complaints and requests to respective Back line. . Able to communicate in Hindi & English. . Communicate and coordinate with internal departments over mails & calls. . Communicate with the customer over call back and mail (whenever required). . Ensuring quick and professional responses to all complaints, requests and queries assigned. . Communicate and coordinate with internal departments on Mails and calls. . Communicate with customers over the mail and calls. . Prepare MIS reports. .Strong communication & interpersonal skills. . Verbal:- Able to communicate in English & Hindi verbally. . Written:- Able to communicate over mails and calls with internal departments as well as customers. . Spontaneous. . To provide best solution of customer\'s concern over the call. . To handle & satisfy a customer in every situation. . Multi Tasker. . Able to perform More than one tasks at a same time effeciently. . Knowledge of MIS. . MS Excel. . MS word. . Team player. . Positive attitude . .Open to learn new things. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills mis english complaints communicate customer positive attitude calls mails internal call Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Today, Careerbridge Consultants is one of the leading companies delivering unsurpassed quality and reliability in effective recruitment solutions. We have vast network of global clients, with long-standing business partnership with premier organizations and enterprises, providing unprecedented career opportunities. Our dedicated approach and best practices has helped us efficiently bridge the gap between demands of the clients on one hand and scarce supply of qualified professionals on the other hand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details