TITLE: Biztalk Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Skills: Experience & good understanding of full development life cycle. Minimum 4 years of experience in BizTalk Server (2006 or above) using Orchestrations, Pipelines, Mappings, and custom Adapters. Exposure to Biz Talk Server 2010, will be an added advantage Good knowledge of BizTalk best practices and BizTalk design patterns Experience with C#, ASP.Net, Web Services, XML, XSLT, XSD, BizTalk adapters Understanding and translating BizTalk server error messages Understanding of BizTalk BAM, BizTalk rules engine and BizTalk ESB Toolkit is an absolute must. Minimum 3 years of .Net experience Knowledge of automated deployment process using MS Build, BTS Tasks will be an added advantage Good knowledge of SQL Server , Web services and IIS Should be able to understand and map business requirements Experience with Clear case and/or SVN Qualification & Experience: B.E./B.Tech. Or M.C.A. in Computer Science from a reputed University. 4 - 6 years of industry experience with Biztalk as the primary skill. Job Description: The BizTalk Developer/Designer is required to design and build software using appropriate toolsets. The BizTalk Developer/Designer will need to support the existing Biztalk implementation as well as deliver solution design. The candidate must have hands on experience on Biztalk, .NET and SQL Server and their implementation The candidate must also have an exposure and knowledge of using WCF adapters and experience in building custom behavior components. Responsibilities: Responsibility to ensure project deliverables conforms to business requirements/objectives Understand the requirements, evaluate potential products / solutions and provide technical recommendations particularly where Biztalk can be implemented for Integration/Orchestration Be \"completely hands on\" with Biztalk, .Net and SQL Server and to contribute to the design and development of projects where deemed necessary. Participate in the design and planning of the BizTalk infrastructure changes Liaison with the Project manager/Project Leader to ensure successful deliveries. Responsible for design, impact analysis for the requirements Complete projects in accordance with agreed standards i.e. operational acceptance criteria. Identify and manage risks to conclusion escalating as appropriate Ensure that work is completed with very high quality and is applied in a standard manner across the product. Ensure adherence to change management processes and assist in facilitating the ongoing review and enhancement of these processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Biztalk Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FCS Software Solutions Limited FCS Software Solutions Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details