TITLE: Dot Net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ASP.NET C# MVC 3 or 4 Razor Entity Framework SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 HTML CSS JavaScript Ajax Experience with WinForm Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP). Deep knowledge of the .NET 3.5/4.0 Framework, including Visual Studio 2008/2010/2012, ASP.NET, WCF, Web Services, ADO.NET, Linq, Linq to sql and Linq to entity. At least 1 or 2 project development experience using MVC 3 or 4. Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices. Desired Candidate Profile Excellent written and oral communication skills in English with Grammar. Ability to put ideas/concepts into words and develop creative content. Excellent Communication/Presentation skills. Excelent Aptitude and Reasoning. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills english ideas javascript sql server ajax software implementation asp net web services mvc 3 sql server 2005 2008 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SPA Systems Pvt. Ltd At Software Assurance the aim of each and every professional is to provide the best solutions to the clients and this is why they put in every effort to make sure that the expectations of the clients are met at every step of the project. We provide comprehensive solutions ranging from application development in the web and mobile arenas, software testing as well as deployment. We ensure that there are no glitches from the start of the project to the end and this is why we ensure timely delivery of each and every step of the project so that the client is satisfied with the overall outcome Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details