TITLE: UI/UX Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this UI/ UX designers at Solutions Beyond are expected to coordinate with a cross-functional team of experts in order to brainstorm, research, wireframe, design and refine user experiences. This position will require you to wear many different hats as we build cool stuff on the web, desktop and hybrids. We expect our design freaks to: span> p> Be responsible for creating Characters, Backgrounds and Animation. li> Be involved in designing game UI, Wireframes and Splash. li> Work in a team environment with other artists, programmers and designers. li> Illustrate and develop sketches, drawing to support production. li> ul> Desired Candidate Profile: p> Preferably possess 1 years of experience in Game designing (either Android/ iOS platforms). li> Preferably possess a Degree in Fine Arts. li> Demonstrate excellent sketching skills, strong visualization & ability to create and develop characters and environments. li> Knowledge of 3D software is a plus. li> Possess an ability to flourish in a fast paced, iterative, deadline driven environment. li> Passionately research new technologies, provide feasibility assessments and accurate estimates for project implementations. li> Collaborate with the Product Managers, Engineers, Marketers and Clients to ensure production of code that is: highly reusable & maintainable Possess a creative eye and have a keen sense for color, typography, layout and usability. li> ul> Key Skills: p> Proficient in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, Digital Painting, Concept Art, Designer, Artist, Game artist, iphone gaming, Android Gaming, Game Art, Animation and Gaming. p> Benefits and Perks: p> Passionate people like you receive a wide variety of financial and personal job benefits at SB. We honour flexi timing policy. Your time will be recorded and billed to the nearest minute with overtime (if applicable) after duty hours. p> We work 5 days a week - Monday to Friday with 6 leaves per quarter (3 casual leaves, and 3 medical leaves). We live and work in a positive, high-energy environment with frequent chill outs and happy hours, offering you opportunities to further your career and make a real difference in peoples lives. p> Please include a link to your portfolio of work within your resume if you think you can crush this opportunity p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills desktop gaming iphone animation passionate android layout benefits illustrator fine arts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Solution Beyond Software Development Pvt Ltd For a young company, which came into being in the summer of 2003, Solutions Beyond has grown by leaps and bounds. The company was initially started to fund an ambitious research based project on Artificial Intelligence and has grown up to be a software company that continues to develop in the field of Artificial Intelligence, Search Engine Technologies and more. The company initially ventured into outsourcing and almost immediately made a place for itself among fewer companies which would undertake the most risky and non-stereotype projects and engineering challenges that majority of companies of our age wouldnt want to burn hands with.. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details