TITLE: Associate Threat Response Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: The role of the team is key in maintaining teamrsquos reputation by ensuring that our solutions are subjected to consistent qualification processes. Engineer ensures ownership of Anti-Malware cases and quality of solutions being sent to customers. Performs function based on guidelines; Roles and Responsibilities: On-time dispatching of cases to appropriate engineer/team for processing to ensure that SLA is met. Watch over and takes ownership on filtering and delegation of cases both from internal and external sources Monitor feedback from premium customers to ensure that requests are not overlooked. Spam cases handling; Verifies grammar and composition of solutions created by Anti-Malware engineers. Close coordination with Anti-Malware Engineers regarding case processing time and solution quality Requirements: Bachelor's degree in any 4 year course. Graduates of IT-related degrees, preferred. Knowledgeable on the usage of Microsoft Office Applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Escalation management experience is an advantage. Able to coordinate efficiently and effectively with internal and external clients. Willing to work in shifting schedule and/or 13-hour shifts. Ability to learn new concepts quickly and apply to assigned tasks and responsibilities. Ability to adjust in the usage of internal systems. Able to manage daily/regular and additional tasks. Results and team-oriented. Has shown initiative in idea or value creation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills coordination usage maintaining escalation management microsoft office engineer internal communication skills quality verbal communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trend Micro India Pvt. Ltd. Trend Micro India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details