TITLE: Engineer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Software Development Engineer - 3 Technology 5- 8 Years View Details Software Development Engineer - 3 Technology 5- 8 Years View Details About Swiggy Swiggy is building a talented, efficient workforce to address a constantly changing set of unsolved problems in the area of Food Discovery and Delivery. Online food delivery is an extremely high- involvement, time- constrained transaction with no room for error. It comes with its own unique complexities and dynamics that are considerably different from other forms of E- commerce. Swiggy provides food- delivery services from restaurants in the users vicinity on its website as well as on a mobile app available on both Android and iOS platforms. Swiggy was started in August 2014 by Sriharsha Majety and Nandan Reddy, both alumni of BITS- Pilani, and Rahul Jaimini, an alumnus of IIT, Kharagpur. Is Swiggy different Swiggy, unlike several other food ordering platforms has its own delivery fleet consisting of smartphone equipped personnel, guided by an app powered by routing algorithms, who pick up orders from restaurants and deliver them to customers. Swiggy has tie- ups with close to 600 restaurants across Bengaluru, Gurgaon and Hyderabad. We are preparing to enter the Mumbai and Pune markets in the next couple of weeks and our target is to expand across the country by the end of the year. What we have We currently have a core team of close to 150 people across Bengaluru, Gurgaon and Hyderabad. Weve launched services in Gurgaon on the 1st of May and launched Hyderabad more recently, on 23rd. This counts among the fastest new geography launches ever witnessed in Indian start- ups that are operations- intensive. Gurgaon is proving to be an excellent market by showing a geometric progression in growth rates and Hyderabad has had a great start too. We are looking for Software Development Engineer - 3 We are looking for a passionate hands- on engineers to join the Bangalore Swiggy Engineering team. In this role, you will be responsible to drive innovation in full- stack product development, while relentlessly improving performance, scalability, and maintainability. Responsibilities - - Technically Hands- on, prior experience with scalable Architecture - Bring 5- 8 years of software engineering and product delivery experience, with strong background in algorithms - Excellent command over Data Structures and Algorithms - Exceptional coding skills in an Object Oriented programming language (Java preferred) - Strong problem solving and analytical skills - Experience with web technologies, PHP/ Java, Python, Linux, Apache, MySQL, solr, memcache, redis - Experience in architecting & building real- time, large scale e- commerce applications - Experience with high performance websites catering to millions of daily traffic is a plus First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Number * LinkedIn Profile Resume * (pdf, doc, docx - Under 2MB) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Swiggy Swiggy Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details