TITLE: JRF Position

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Applications are invited for the post of Junior research fellow (JRF) to work on a Department of Science and Technology (DST), Science and Engineering Research Board (SERB), Govt. of India funded project "Isolation, characterization and genotypic analysis of metal resistance genes from bacteria present in the glass industry area of North Central India". Eligibility : Masters in any branch of Life Sciences & Biotechnology with a minimum of 55% (or equivalent CGPA) Desirable qualifications : NET/NET-LS, GATE qualified candidates and/or those with experience in microbiology & molecular biology research would be given priority. Emoluments for the position : Rs. 16,000/- plus HRA for first two years Rs. 18,000/- plus HRA for third year Interested candidates can send their application with details of academic qualifications (please attach attested copies of certificates in support of the same), contact information (email id, mobile no., complete postal address) as well as summary of post-graduation project (maximum of one page), within 15 days of this advertisement to Dr. Anubha Sharma, Asst. Prof & Principal Investigator, Room No. 113, 1st Floor, J3 Block, Amity Institute of Biotechnology, Amity University, Sec- 125, Noida (U.P). Applications can also be sent by email at asharma10@amity.edu. Please mention "Application for JRF-DST in the subject line". Please note that the appointment to be made is purely temporary and co-terminus with the project. E-mail your resume to asharma10@amity.edu Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills institute position nanotechnology biotechnology aib campus aia Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Amity University Amity University Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details