TITLE: Lead Generation Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Fantastic opportunity for Lead Generation Executive to join us. Would be responsible for prospecting, qualifying and generating new sales leads to support business development executives. Individual should be highly motivated, energetic, self-starter to identify and develop new business prospects from multiple sources. This should involve a variety of campaigns like tele-marketing, inbound marketing leads and internet Research. We thrives on organic growth and this entry level position has the potential to be the springboard to leadership and management positions in the future. Job Description Acquire new leads via telephone and mass communication such as email, business portals to identify appropriate buyers within the target market. Identify key buying influencers within target market to source new leads Maintenance of daily & weekly progress Generation of new leads through extensive web research & internet marketing/cold calling, Market Research Should be hard working to achieve production goals each month Required profile: Should have Excellent written and verbal communication skills. B2B & B2C sales experience experience in Lead generation Should have previous experience on Outbound & Inbound sales Follow up on leads and conduct research to identify potential prospects. Should be Flexible with shifts Should have Excellent client service skills. Should be initiative, creative and consistent to achieve target Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business development cold calling internet marketing market research outbound prospecting email hard working internet research entry level Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PIE MULTILINGUAL SERVICES (P) Ltd. PIE MULTILINGUAL SERVICES is a global professional service firm committed to provide a wide range of outsourcing solution with diversified client base to meet the demand of various corporate houses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details