TITLE: Guest Service Associate- Housekeeping

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World?? at Courtyard by Marriott. Job Summary Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Fill cart with supplies and transport cart to assigned area. Enter guest rooms following procedures for gaining access and ensuring vacancy before entering. Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms. Replace dirty linens and terry with clean items. Make beds and fold terry. Clean bathrooms. Remove trash, dirty linen, and room service items. Check that all appliances are present in the room and in working order. Straighten desk items, furniture, and appliances. Dust, polish, and remove marks from walls and furnishings. Vacuum carpets and perform floor care duties (e. g. , in guest rooms and hallway). Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests' service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Housekeeping Role:Housekeeping Executive/Assistant. Keyskills housekeeping hiring procedures guests policies working personal safety training room service guest service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Marriott Marriott Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details