TITLE: Principal Product Validation Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description This job position is in Cadence Front End Design - Encounter Test (ET) Product Validation Team. Role Responsibility /Requirement Work as an integral part of global R&D team to test RTL Compiler DFT? and Encounter Test? by creating new testcases requiring application of design & dft skills. Being the first customer of the tool , validate existing /new features and report bugs /enhancements Suggest /implement measures to improve quality of product /test environment Support and debug customer test design methodologies using our products Participate in architecture reviews and involve in defining features /prototyping Interact with field teams to understand customer design flows /requirements and propose measures to optimize /improve flow /results. Collaborate with various teams in order to make customer successful Analyze customer reported bugs and plug gaps in testing , incorporate newer designs /flows Close communication with cross geographic teams Position Requirements B.E. - E&C /EE. Experience of DFT /ATPG /Synthesis /Design /Verilog required Programming and scripting skills (PERL /TCL) would be very helpful Experience with Cadence or other EDA vendor DFT /ATPG tools a plus Company Information Cadence is the global leader in software , hardware , and services that is driving the transformation of the electronic design automation (EDA) industry with a vision called EDA360. This application -driven approach for creating , integrating , and optimizing designs helps customers realize silicon chips , system -on -chip devices , and complete systems at lower costs and with higher quality. Cadence is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills validation tools verilog eda synthesis dft perl prototyping tcl hiring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required B.E. - E&C /EE. Experience of DFT /ATPG /Synthesis /Design /Verilog required Programming and scripting skills (PERL /TCL) would be very helpful Experience with Cadence or other EDA vendor DFT /ATPG tools a plus Company Profile: Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Cadence is the global leader in software , hardware , and services that is driving the transformation of the electronic design automation (EDA) industry with a vision called EDA360. This application -driven approach for creating , integrating , and optimizing designs helps customers realize silicon chips , system -on -chip devices , and complete systems at lower costs and with higher quality. Cadence is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details