TITLE: Technical Team Leader

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong technical skills in .Net, C#, SQL Server 2008,2010 (Reporting Service and Integration Service), AJAX, Web Services.WCF Strong English reading and writing communication skills with an ability to express and understand complex technical concepts. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and conceptual skills. Ability to work in teams and has strong interpersonal skills. Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines. Ability to deal with clients and travel to project sites. Possess good organizational skills. Demonstrated leadership experience as well as the ability to lead a Group of software Engineers and also able to work independently. Ability to anticipate potential problems, determine and implement solutions. Strong coaching skills. Ability to step outside role confines and help teach and Enable other team members. Required Skillls: Experience leading and managing small to medium-sized development teams of between 5 and 10 developers Proficient building browser-based applications based upon Microsoft technologies, specifically utilizing Visual Studio, C#, AS.Net framework 3.5, 4.0, 4.5 Should have experience in WCF/MVC Frameworks Experience developing applications with required use of JavaScript/AJAX Proficient with HTML4 and CSS2, with working knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3 Strong experience developing/managing REST and SOAP-based Web Service API(s) in a transaction processing environment Strong understanding of web vulnerability mitigation techniques and Industry best practices Minimum 5 yearrs development experience, 3 years team management experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development team management travel api english coaching problem solving sql javascript ajax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Logicsoft International Private Limited? Logicsoft offers end-to-end software services for the Internet space Covers a range of services including Business Consulting and Technology consulting for Internet businesses, Package Implementation, Web publishing (websites/portals), Online Applications Development for business and Web Promotion and Maintenance Services The beginning: Logicsoft was founded in 1995 in New Delhi by a team of entrepreneurs from prestigious engineering institutions of India to consult, design, develop, implement and support the then emerging Internet space in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details