TITLE: Content Writing

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Content Writing is the most powerful way to generate quality & high traffic to your website. A website without meaningful content is of no use. A good website should be in rich in content, interactive and as well as informative. A website rich in content makes a lot of difference to website popularity. Quality content brings visibility and generates more & more traffic to your website which enables you to target your audience. Content is directly related to the success of your business. It enhances your visibility on the web and gives clear information about your business. If you?re looking for quality content writing company, AnaTechno is the right choice. We have a qualified and experienced team of content writers and editors. Our Team have good experience in writing concise, clear and effective SEO friendly content for the web. Whether it is technical writing or web content we have solution for everything. A website needs to be interactive and informative. To achieve this we create keyword rich and interesting content to hold the attention of the users. Our content are easy to read, informative to meet to your business requirement. We specialize in following content writing services: Website Content Article Writing Blog Writing Press Release Technical & General Writing Training Materials User Manuals Hardware Documentation Policies and Procedures Marketing Communications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Content Writing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AnaTechno AnaTechno is the most leading development company that provides total IT solution like software development, website development, web designing, search engine optimization (SEO), internet marketing, content writing, data entry, desktop publishing (DTP), multimedia, software training Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details