TITLE: Language Co-ordinator

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DESIRED PROFILE :Candidate must possess following qualities Must have good command over English as well as any of the Indian/Foreign language. Fluent communication skills of written and verbal English. Strong organizational, interpersonal & analytical skills are required. Solid PC skills are mandatory. Strong problem-solving skills. Quality focus and eye for details desired. Cultural awareness required Experience in the localization and translation industry will be preferable. Ability to work on own initiative. Ability to work under pressure in a deadline-driven environment. Familiarity with translation technology software will be preferred Must have understanding of Globalization concepts such as Unicode, character sets and locales, etc. Must have understanding of Localization concepts such as internationalization, localizability testing and design, etc. JOB DESCRIPTION : Candidate will be responsible for Taking care of Translation, Proofreading, Review & other task related to the respective language. Taking care of complete project execution. Coordination with translators & Client. Responsible for on time project delivery. Coordination with accounts department for raising purchase order and release of payment. Daily Project update to Project head & customer. Quality check of the file in coordination with the seniors before delivery to customer. Helps facilitate the Project Manager in the day to day running of projects. Coordinate, support and QA projects outsourced to external resources. Manage the timely flow of all localization project actions from initiation to delivery, ensuring that projects meet quality, turn-around time and budget expectations. Plan and monitor projects to meet deadline, quality and budget requirements. Manage client relationships and serve as primary day-to-day contact for external clients. Provide support and input to Sales and external clients, including education about the localization process, as required. Set and manage client expectations. Collaborate with production teams to create, implement and maintain appropriate client- or project-specific procedures, solutions, checklists and instructions. Resolve questions and issues in a timely and effective manner for clients, translators and internal teams. Participating in improvement for end-to-end localization process and workflow. Increase standardization of processes, templates, tools and procedures while maintaining flexibility to manage project or market-specific areas to achieve high-quality international releases Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills accounts coordination english procedures problem solving purchase order maintaining workflow tools localization Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details