TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Information: Should have professional knowledge on software and ITES. Possess drive, motivation and acute attention to detail in ensuring all sales opportunities for the Company are captured and explored Locates or proposes potential business deals by contacting potential customers, discovering and exploring opportunities and maintaining professional networks Develops new business relationships, generates new income meeting the set target of revenue Presents the Company to potential clients through direct communication in face to face meetings, telephone calls and emails. Closes new business deals by coordinating requirements; developing and negotiating contracts; integrating contract requirements with business operations Estimated time allocation: Expected to spend 70% of the time out of the office in meetings and 30% analyzing deal requirements and developing proposals and strategies Creates and is accountable for all client proposals, contracts and any further documentation, following the companys procedure, i.e. submitting daily call reports with all the minute of the meetings etc Has an individual responsibility for new business, and is expected to self manage. Takes the initiative to generate business leads from various means and sources. However, being part of W3bminds team effectively interacts with other company departments including the accounts management and technical team to ensure complete and correct briefing in all aspects of the sale. Support is also available from the Business Head Sales and Managing Director for complex large projects and strategies Represents the W3bminds in professional manner and polished appearance; has the responsibility to closely follow the companys dress code, and keep the company assets, if given, i.e. mobile and laptop in good condition and away from illegal content Protects organizations value by keeping all the sensitive information confidential without divulging it to market competitors and anybody else except to those particularly concerned with the business in our organization Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills ites laptop assets documentation business operations coordinating maintaining new business i e company Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WWW BMINDS TECHNOLOGIES PVT. LTD. We are fully immersed in the age of digital technology. Computers exists everywhere, from handheld devices to global institutions. Amongst all sectors, Information Technology is ever evolving, paving a path for faster growth. A clear perception of the growing requirement of the business world in the area of IT has enabled W3BMinds to develop programs of specific relevance for the present and the future. We provide unparalleled on-site services for programming and development for a broad range of platforms and latest technologies. Our team of highly experienced, skilled professionals are responsible for W3BMinds stellar reputation of offering the most user-friendly, customized solutions for each client. Customer satisfaction is our highest priority. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details