TITLE: Corporate Technical Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Corporate Technical Recruiter Position Description We are seeking to add an experienced full-time, Corporate Technical Recruiter to our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing the hiring of staff for entry level and experienced technology positions. Detailed responsibilities will include identifying qualified candidates, conducting & scheduling interviews and negotiating employment offers. Position Duties Work closely with technology management to determine hiring needs Identify niche skill candidates based on technical job specifications Source, screen, and interview applicants and maintain candidate information in our Applicant Tracking System. Determine appropriate recruiting sources for advertising and posting positions and promote the company image to candidates and external service providers. Apply thorough knowledge of full lifecycle recruiting to fill positions quickly Network within the technology sector to develop candidate flow Work with universities to establish rapport for direct hires and internships Other duties as assigned to support the Human Resources team Candidate Requirements At least 3 years of experience filling technology positions in a fast paced, full lifecycle recruiting environment. Bachelor\'s degree required Ideal candidate comes from a corporate recruiting position with a fast growth company, or has an agency background in permanent placements. On-campus recruiting experience is highly desired Candidates should be knowledgeable in internet recruiting techniques, familiar with working with resume management database systems, and skilled at conducting in-depth technical screens. Strong sourcing, screening, and interviewing skills required. The ability to prioritize, manage time well, and work closely with the technology team to quickly address needs and adjust focus as needed. Outstanding oral and written communication skills Ability to contribute ideas for creative recruiting techniques Quick learner, with a positive attitude and ability to work well within a team. Ability to treat sensitive and confidential information with appropriate discretion. Knowledge of the following is helpful: database management systems, SQL, HTML, XML, C#, ASP.NET, IIS, JavaScript. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Corporate Technical Recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cvent India Pvt. Ltd. Cvent India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details