TITLE: Marketing Researcher

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Analysing and interpreting data to identify patterns and solutions, including surveys and focus group transcripts. Having interest in psychology and behavioural science for qualitative research. Keep an eye at market. Collect and analyse data and information that is valuable to their clients who are made up of organisations, businesses and government departments. Commercial awareness for work with corporate clients. Writing detailed reports and presenting results; advising clients/senior management on how to best use research findings; managing budgets. Desired Candidate Profile Exceptional written, oral, and presentation communication abilities. Strong knowledge of statistics and computers. Specialise in either quantitative or qualitative research. Should be any Graduate. Good knowledge of Marketing. Should be Willing and Ready to Travel. Pro-Active and Willing to take Initiatives and Responsibilities. Minimum Work Experience of 0 - 5 Years. Up-to-Date with Recent Market ups and downs. Should be Creative, with Artistic Flair and with Good Imagination, Analytics and High Order Thinking Skills. Ability to Work Under Pressure with Dynamic Workload and Time Pressure. Ability to both Lead and Follow Instructions and Give Appropriate Input and Suggestions when required to. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Keyskills travel analytics qualitative research quantitative clients market work under pressure be communication knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iHackers iHackers is a leading company which provides Services, Workshops and Training in the field of Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, Network Monitoring and IT Support, Web-Application Security, Web Development and Web Designing, Multimedia (Animation, Graphic Designing, 3D Design, Flash, Photoshop), Internet Marketing, Application Development for Android and iOS etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details