TITLE: Assistant Professor/Lecturer

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Participate in curriculum development evaluation and curriculum revision. Identifies the needs of the learners in terms of the program by utilizing the records of previous experience, personal interviews, tests & observation. Collaborate with other faculty in course development. Participates in University, professional & community service activities Ascertains, selects & organizes facilities equipment and materials necessary for learning. Assists the learners in using problem solving process. Increases knowledge & skill in curriculum. Devices teaching methods appropriate to objectives & content. Prepare clear & concise reports. Measures effectiveness of instruction by use of appropriate devices Acts as a counselor for staff & students services students conducting research Participates and promote students welfare activities. Assist in initiating & participating in research studies for the improvement of educational programme. Assists in teaching & supervision in clinical Nursing courses for undergraduate students. Guide the students in conducting seminars, discussions & presentations etc To act as mentor to colleagues. Any other responsibility assigned by the Principal and Vice Principal. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills service development seminars facilities problem solving methods nursing teaching welfare activities research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rama University Rama University is a renowned name in the world of education. Recognized by UGC, Government of India, the university is rising as one of the largest educational establishments in the country. Involved in imparting world class education, Rama University has shaped more than 10,000 professionals so far and offers more than 100 courses across 09 specialized fields. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details