TITLE: Plant Head

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: Work closely with quality personnel to review product consistency while monitoring scrap rates to determine trends and areas of improvement. Review established production schedules for all manufacturing departments to insure established inventory levels are met while operating at the highest efficiency possible. Coordinate the hiring and training of all manufacturing personnel. Monitor operation expenses and research ways to reduce costs while maintaining product quality. Work closely with the Environmental Health and Safety Manager to ensure all members of the manufacturing team are aware of safety policies to provide a safe workplace for our employees. Maintain Inventory levels and control flow of product from our subsidiaries. Maintain and support a superior safety and housekeeping program, including all timely communication initiatives. Develop and execute the plant manufacturing budgets. Encourage and promote operating in a continuous improvement environment. Remove production constraints; allocate human and equipment resources and direct production employees to attain all established goals. Communicate with research and development as well as product management personnel to develop new product strategies. Work with purchasing manager to develop and improve supplier relationships. Create purchase orders for Purchasing Manager to place orders. Coordinate the relationship with our union workforce force and negotiate union contracts as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills product management hiring monitoring housekeeping policies maintaining union product quality manufacturing continuous improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details