TITLE: Entrepreneurship Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main Duties and Responsibilities: To develop content for the variety of rural entrepreneurs listed above. To develop content for the various skill building programs. Design Training Programs - This includes developing modules; identify best options of delivery (mode of delivery), duration as well as the plan for training. Develop Feedback mechanism on the content for continuous improvement. Design evaluation, feedback and assessment system for trainees. Develop and design training manuals and work books for various programs. Conduct extensive training of trainers for effective delivery. Continuously monitor effectiveness of training being imparted by regularly meeting and interacting with trainers and students and modify the content/ curriculum accordingly. Maintain up dated records of training and results achieved. Study and analyze the impact and feed back and prepare the reports with recommendations for effecting changes/ improvements. c) Desired Qualification Level: Degree or Diploma from a recognized institute in MBA (HRD) or (Rural Development). Very Good command of English and Hindi. Specialized course/ diploma in content writing d) Most Relevant Experience: Minimum 3 Years experience in formulating content and training curriculum. Experience in conducting training programs in rural areas will be an added advantage. Knowledge of rural life and ability to effectively communicate with rural women in particular. e) Most Important Skills: Excellent skills in formulating training curriculum and content. Ability to communicate and interact with rural women in particular. Analytical ability to study the impact and prepare incisive reports. Very high level of Computer skills. Experience in undertaking research on the internet for content development. . f) The other most important factors (criteria) in candidate selection: Understanding of rural life in India. Previous experience in formulating Training and Management based content. Willingness to undertake extensive travel to rural areas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mba development options travel english diploma content writing continuous improvement rural development content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Drishtee Development & Communication Limited Drishtee Development & Communication Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details