TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Constituents: Adheres to Code of Conduct, Employee Policies & SOP\'s. Responsible for daily administration, meeting and greeting visitors, dealing with guestsrsquo queries and complaints, and booking rooms. Maintain high standards of customer services at the Reception desk so that customersrsquo expectations are consistently exceeded Motivate and develop Reception team to ensure smooth functioning of the department and promote teamwork. Ensure quality and appropriateness of customer service provided. To maintain Front Office log book and shift reports. Respond to inquiries and resolve problems in an effective manner Ensure all guests receive a swift, smooth, professional and friendly check in and check out. Ensure quality in all aspects of the job. Liaise with other departments for the resolution of day- to- day administrative and operational issues. Display a proactive approach in initiating and implementing initiatives to provide an improved service in all areas. Liaise with Housekeeping for the Room Status. Handle additional responsibilities as and when delegated by the Management. Ability to operate with a certain level of autonomy and also a great involvement in team. Any other responsibilities/task given by the management arisen due to need of the business. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Front Office/Customer Care Role:Front Office/Guest Relations Executive/Manager Keyskills customer service service front office dealing proactive housekeeping administrative sop policies complaints Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Jaypee Residency Manor Website http://www.jaypeehotels.com Industry Hospitality & Tourism (Hotels/ Resorts) Company Turnover 1 - 100 Crores Company Size 51 - 200 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details