TITLE: Microsoft SharePoint Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Immediate opening for Microsoft SharePoint Developer to provide customization, testing, deployment of Enterprise Portal system, as well as mentoring departmental SharePoint development requirements. This profile will require conversion of existing workflows and data to the Microsoft SharePoint Portal, the successful candidate will be required to integrate the varied applications with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server, Microsoft CRM 2013/2011 Web, and Other Third Party Softwares. Successful candidates will have experience in the following areas: - Knowledge of SharePoint development/design - MS SharePoint installation and configuration - Integration of: MS CRM & SharePoint, SharePoint & MS Dynamics AX, SharePoint & Third Party Software - Knowledge of how these systems are used in a professional services environment Qualifications: Minimum three (3) years experience in designing, developing and deploying Microsoft SharePoint solutions. Experience with converting data to the Microsoft SharePoint database Strong experience installing, configuring and administering Microsoft SharePoint 2012, including user accounts, profiles, roles, screen configurations and other security settings. Excellent requirements gathering and workflow documenting skills Excellent team leadership and communication skills Work independently and/or in conjunction with department technical staff on integrating and/or constructing unique business applications Ability to mentor existing IT staff on Microsoft CRM development and support Required Skills: Communication skills that allow you to take lead and control the communication with customers, internal stake holders and third party vendors. Understanding of High Availability, Business Continuity, Performance Tuning Demonstrate strategic thinking, quantitative and analytical skills, team leadership, and collaboration Excellent problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision making skills Strong knowledge of Windows Platform, developer tools and ability to diagnose and debug user codes. Must effectively manage and prioritize multiple tasks in accordance with high level objectives/projects. Excellent written and oral communication, Skills required; Ability to communicate to a variety of audiences; including high- profile customers, executive management, and engineering teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills accounts development tools windows third party workflow strategic thinking ms crm ax configuration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: S3 Infotech Private Limited S3 InfoTech is a result of vision and has been very successful in its execution. With the deep understanding of ERP market segment and the advent of Implementation, came the realization of an acute and quantifiable need for a client that focuses specifically on the Offshore Implementation needs. We are Microsoft Certified Partner for the Microsoft business solutions package implementation famously known as Dynamics ERP-AXAPTA as AX 2012, AX 2009, AX 2012 upgrade, Navision - NAV 2013 Upgrade, CRM 2011, Dynamics CRM 2013 alias Dynamics Orion implementation. S3 Infotech is premier MS Dynamics ERP Software Reseller Company in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details