TITLE: Associate, Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Markit is seeking an experienced Oracle pl/sql developer to join the MarkitWire Development Team. The individual will develop and support MarkitWire Duties & Accountabilities Modify and extend the MarkitWire code base, participate in the program of continual improvement by identifying ways in which the code base and development processes can become better. This would include engagement on topics like software architecture and code structure, the build system and packaging for migration between environments, the evolution of the development environment and the incorporation of unit testing into the development and build processes. Business Competencies Must be an expert in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL development and tuning, ETL development using IBM Datastage. Knowledge in UNIX scripts, SIEBEL data model, Autosys Scheduler scripting etc. . will be an added advantage. Should be a good Team player. 3 years of PL/SQL development experience. Bachelor's Degree (B. A. or B. S. ) or equivalent highly preferred. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret design documents and agile stories. Ability to respond to common inquiries or issues from internal departments and external customers. Ability to determine deliverables for application documentation (i. e. data mapping template, installation guide, release notes) Excellent communication, organization, and project management skills. Personal Competencies Enthusiasm for quality and excellent technical know-how is the prime quality of the current team. New members of the team must gain respect of their peers through their technical knowledge and ability to apply that to achieving positive results. Once established the environment is highly collaborative and based on mutual respect and a drive to succeed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills project management siebel datastage agile documentation unit testing mapping packaging autosys tuning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details