TITLE: Head-Billing

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Heading the billing department, managing all the billing activities of the hospital online through software with the team of billing executives. Developed skills in supporting the EDP team to customize the software to suit the various payers to ensure smooth billing. Supervising the complete corporate clients billing activities from the time admission till the payment is received from the parties. Auditing final bills of in - patient and out - patient, to ensure no deviation or mismatch occurs in the charges. Responsible for ensuring all corporate bills, which are done as per the MOU Responsible for managing the 24hrs manned cash counter and also for the total cash/payment collection of the hospital and ensure that the same is deposited without any discrepancy. Preparing shift for the staff, Recruitment of new staff, Train the new Staff, Supervision of existing staff, Train the student for internship. Maintain a communicable and healthy relationship with patient parties Accountable for all the sundry debtors receivables and responsible for accounting their payments Authorised officer for verifying and certifying the vendor's bills for payment. Payments follow ups from the insurance and corporate. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills recruitment billing payments internship cash payment payment collection responsible bills corporate clients billing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rama University Rama University is a renowned name in the world of education. Recognized by UGC, Government of India, the university is rising as one of the largest educational establishments in the country. Involved in imparting world class education, Rama University has shaped more than 10,000 professionals so far and offers more than 100 courses across 09 specialized fields. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details