TITLE: Senior Software Engineer / Technical Lead - Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary : The Technical Lead will perform Java based software design, development and deployment tasks. Work Timings :Â 11:00am to 8:00pm (3 days in a week)Â 2:00pm 11:00pm (2 days in a week depending on project needs) Experience : Minimum 6 years Key Areas of Responsibility and Accountability The Technical Lead candidate shall work as an individual contributor (approximately 70% of the time) by doing Analysis, Design Development and Unit Tests. 30% of the time shall be spent in mentoring juniors, design and code reviews and participation in discussions on architectural design and maintenance of systems. The Technical Lead role requires the ability to mentor/ help a small team of software engineers through the development lifecycle, driving successful and timely completion of technical tasks. The successful candidate will have the ability to adjust quickly to shifting priorities and multiple deadlines. Should have the ability to understand, explain and communicate technical concepts. The incumbent must have significant hands-on technical experience in all phases of the software development life cycle of enterprise-wide applications. This includes having the ability to interpret design application architectures, to incorporate best of breed technologies capable of meeting business requirements, to contribute to system performance and to resolve technical issues. Skill and experience requirements Â Ability to program in all tiers of a typical J2EE application (Front-end, Business layer and O/R mapping/DAO layer) Write new code and enhance existing code Design code using core design patterns Maintain disciplined software engineering practices in day to day development work Perform functional design review, code reviews & unit tests Perform process reviews to ensure that software engineering processes meet changing business conditions and remain consistent with industry best practices Minimum seven years of industry experience in object-oriented software design and development. Experience with Web Logic or Oracle 10gAS and an excellent understanding of database technologies and persistence techniques. Thorough understanding of technical concepts as they apply to N-tier distributed computing and to end-to-end performance, availability, reliability, security, integration and configurability of software applications. Excellent conceptual understanding and extensive hands-on experience with Java, XML, EJB, JSP, Servlets, JMS/MQ, JDBC, Struts, spring, Hibernate, Ajax and other J2EE technologies. Proficiency with both NT and UNIX environments, including software deployment and execution. Experience in development using TIBCO BusinessWorks integration tool will be advantage. Associated requirements Â Establish an environment of learning and growth keeping organizational values and operating policies in mind. Facilitate and support the delivery of excellent quality product releases Review team members implementation to ensure they follow the design and coding guidelines. Work with developers to resolve their technical issues & mentor them. Work with QA to improve test plans. Report work status on technical tasks to program manager. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills JSP Servlets Java Struts Hibernate J2Ee Spring JDBC JMS EJB Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: IFB Support Services Pvt. Ltd. 1FB Support Services Private Limited (1FBSSPL) is a small format, and multi-discipline BPO/ KPO organization. The Company is engaged in the business of providing information technology management services, risk management services and contact centre based customer support and collection services to its parent 1st Financial Bank USA (1FBUSA). 1FBUSA is an FDIC-insured, state-chartered bank headquartered in Dakota Dunes, South Dakota, founded in 1910. It has multiple subsidiary operations in various locations across the United States. The bank is a leading provider of financial services to college students and graduates from coast to coast, and is committed to providing quality community banking services in South Dakota. 1FBSSPL offers you the opportunity to learn the credit card business, work with the latest technology, build new applications and systems, interact with US colleagues and have a direct impact on business outcomes in a collegial, family atmosphere and state-of-the-art work environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details