TITLE: Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Country: India Job Function: Marketing Communications State / Province: Haryana Position Type: Full time City / Location: Gurgaon Brand: adidas Relocation: Yes Somewhere, in one of our workshops right now, the future is taking shape. We are constantly working to redefine the way clothing and footwear transforms the pitch, court or course. This is what drives us: the feeling of discovery and the urge to innovate. When we create a product that makes our hearts beat faster, we know were onto something. If this sounds inspiring, you might be one of us: Someone who loves to create the present, as well as shape the future. Theres a reason adidas has been at the forefront of defining sport for more than 60 years: We never stand still. Everyday, we work to improve everything we create. At adidas, interesting, amazing and inspiring arent just ideas. They are what we do every single day. To support the brands strategy and positioning through range building to grow market share for assigned categories and to maximize the profitability of assigned categories. Key Responsibilities: Development of overall business plans for assigned categories, including objectives, KPIs, product range planning and identification of required marketing support Coordinates the development of go-to-market (GTM) plans for assigned categories and presents these to internal and external stakeholders Develops range architecture and sales channel segmentation for assigned categories in consultation with Sales and Retail departments Identifying India specific demand of the customer/channel according to consumer segments Identifying gaps in the international range, agreeing these with the management and addressing range gaps through local development of product articles. Responsible for product pricing and margins Works closely with Sourcing department to ensure transparency and compliance in product quality and delivery timelines Initiates and manages local product creation process for assigned categories Works proactively with Asia Pacific category marketing function and exerts influence to maximize India relevant category marketing efforts Leads the evaluation and adaptation (if required) of regional and global sell-in tools for assigned categories Supports retail training function with updates and latest product news as required Collect market information from various sources such as retail customers, store staff, Sales Retail teams, publications, syndicated and customized research Identifies information needs related to customers, consumers and product and addresses these proactively, e. g. , through consumer research Responsible for competitive analysis Synthesize category insights, disseminates them to internal and external stakeholders appropriately and ensure organisational alignment around key category insights Is the expert for India specific demand of the customer/channel according to consumer segments Identifies gaps in the international range, agrees these with the management and addresses range gaps through local development of product articles Authorities/Key Relationships: Manages and develops assigned staff Works collaboratively with other departments, thus ensuring a sense of ownership for key activities and initiatives across departmental boundaries Supports the management of relationships with advertising and PR agencies Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Strong interpersonal skills and ability to influence both internal and external stakeholders Strong communication skills written and important verbal ability to sell ideas effectively Strong understanding of premium apparel and footwear market in India, sports as well as casual brands Strong team player Interested in sports, preferably an active sports person Inherently interested in the sports/fashion market in India and globally General brand marketing understanding Requisite Education and Experience / Minimum Qualifications: Technical education in either apparels or footwear (e. g. NIFT, FIA) Preferably complemented by an MBA at least 5 years of experience in category management for a premium apparel and/or footwear brand Posting Notes: Gurgaon || Haryana || India || || adidas || Asia Pacific || Yes 1. Reset your password: Click here to reset your Password The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. Would you like to share this job and other jobs with friends in your network? With just a few clicks, our cool Social Matcher app scans your social or business network and suggest jobs on the adidas Group career website thate are a good match for your friends. Manager Range Management HBS/Outdoor BU Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Wellness / Fitness / Sports Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mba accounts development apparel product development pr drives supply chain sourcing footwear Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Adidas Group Adidas Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details