TITLE: Software Engineer Trainee

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description The position's primary role involves developing network monitoring applications using industry leading Network Monitoring products (e.g. Provision, e-Health, InfoVista, etc) The position requires learning the development tools of the Network Monitoring application and developing/customizing solutions using those tools. Prior knowledge of network monitoring applications is not required. In this position you will be expected to have quick learning ramp up with minimal handholding. You will have access to all training documentation, user/developer guides and the product software which are required for learning the application. Job involves interacting with offshore customers in Europe and US. Qualities Willingness to learn Should be a quick learner and be able to master technologies using developer guides, and other written documentation Self starter Open to take on and master new technologies Commitment to perfection and a keen eye for detail. Ability to solve problem on your own with minimal outside help is a plus Excellent communication skills Qualifications Prior knowledge of a programming language (Java or C ) is required. Knowledge of networking concepts, NMS, LAN/WAN, VLANs, Routing, Networking, etc is a plus Knowledge of SNMP is a big plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development networking tools documentation offshore java nms snmp excellent communication skills network monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Remaxys Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Remaxys can be your global IT and software solutions partner. Our goals are to help your business gain the competitive edge and increase company value. We will meet or exceed your expectations by providing cutting-edge solutions backed by unmatched customer service. You can depend on our dedicated professionals to: Develop and maintain your enterprise applications Streamline processes and lower costs Take responsibility for the entire development lifecycle Provide exceptional contracted IT talent Give you new insight into your competitive marketplace Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details