TITLE: Finance & Account Controller

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile This positions requires the candidate to be pro-active, energetic, high on ethics and on-the-toes so as to render his/her services to the tasks mentioned hereafter, effectively Desired Skills & Experience Excellent knowledge and experience in Tally. Good knowledge of taxation, TAS, Service Tax. Knowledge of finance, accounting, budgeting and cost control principles including generally accepted accounting principles Ability to analyze financial data and prepare financial reports, statements and projections. Duties and Responsibilities Compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements including monthly and annual accounts. Ensure financial records are maintained in compliance with accepted policies and procedures. Establish and monitor the implementation and maintenance of accounting control procedures. Resolve accounting discrepancies and irregularities. Continuous management and support of budget and forecast activities. Monitor and support taxation issues. Ensure accurate and appropriate recording and analysis of revenues and expenses. Analyze and advise on business operations including revenue and expenditure trends, financial commitments and future revenues. Calculate and estimate effects of proposed changes in operating programs or accounting operations . Develop, implement, modify and document accounting systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-CFO/Financial Controller Keyskills accounts taxation budgeting tally policies projections procedures business operations estimate tas Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Customer First Concepts Pvt Ltd Our name "Customer First" is our philosphy too. Customer is always First for us. Customer First is our dream of creating exceptionally deligthful customer experience in real estate domain Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details