TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required strong> Primary responsibilities include: Responsible for generating leads and fixing appointments and actively and successfully managing the entire sales process. Identify potential customers and develop a business development plan to convert these into relationship accounts Co-ordinate customer requirements, develop and negotiate contracts successfully. Develop new business relationships, generate and negotiate new revenues for Webfries. Presenting Webfries to potential clients through direct communication in face to face meetings, telephone calls and emails. You will be expected to spend a significant amount of your time out of the office. You will have individual responsibility for new business, and are expected to be autonomous. You will work in close collaboration with the management team for complex large pitches and strategies. Managing and maintaining a pipeline of prospective business accounts and being responsible for all sales administration on own accounts. Create and be accountable for all client proposals, contracts and any further documentation, following Webfries procedure. You will responsible for interacting with Webfries technical team and OEM partners to ensure successful POCrsquos and technical implementation on projects. ul> Desired Profile of the Applying Candidate: strong> Minimum of 1 year of experience for Business Development Executive Graduate with good practical knowledge of IT technologies, Software and Security Excellent Verbal and Written communication skills Possess drive, motivation and acute attention to detail in ensuring all sales opportunities for Webfries are captured and explored. Proactive and responsive attitude towards prospective clients ul> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills documentation sales process co proactive pipeline maintaining business development executive new business telephone calls sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Webfries We consider Case Study a great medium for telling someone\'s story, be it a brand, company, a person, solution or an idea. We want to share few examples of our work that illustrates how and what benefits end user received by taking services from us. You may see some similarity with the end users covered in Case studies. We will be glad to discuss with you if you feel we can help in transformation you envisage. We did it before; we can do it again Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details