TITLE: System Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate should have 5 years of experience with sound knowledge of IT. Experience in defining & realizing end-to-end Solution Architecture for large & complex systems is required. Strong development experience using C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, WCF, WPF, MVC and knowledge of SQL Server. Strong problem solving ability, analytical and design skills Experience of solution architecture, analysis, architecture, design, development and implementation of large-scale multi-tier OO applications. Create appropriate documentation (process flows, class diagrams, technical specs, unit test cases) as directed by project technical leads. Responsible for Data Mappings, Deployment Plan, Project Tracking and System Analysis. Participate in design walk through, Demos, Release/Sprint Planning and review test scripts to ensure that they meet the business objectives. Makes recommendations to Architects regarding approach and identifies additions/changes necessary. Assist the Project Manager and QA in scoping and prioritizing of software releases. Act as a Subject Matter Expert for the functionality being developed and prepare impact analysis for each change request. Partner with QA team to identify gaps and ensuring full coverage of the functionality being developed and also Functionally test the product and help data quality/product quality in execution of test plan/scripts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills sql sql server wcf wpf mvc test cases test plan solution architecture test scripts data quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Logicsoft International Private Limited? Logicsoft offers end-to-end software services for the Internet space Covers a range of services including Business Consulting and Technology consulting for Internet businesses, Package Implementation, Web publishing (websites/portals), Online Applications Development for business and Web Promotion and Maintenance Services The beginning: Logicsoft was founded in 1995 in New Delhi by a team of entrepreneurs from prestigious engineering institutions of India to consult, design, develop, implement and support the then emerging Internet space in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details