TITLE: Sr. Server Engineer/Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description This role is ideally suited for someone who is a combination of a DBA, System Administrator and System Performance Engineer. Responsibilities Reliability - Zaakpay needs to be up all the time, no matter what the traffic. Security - Ensure that Zaakpay servers comply with all certifications at all time and cannot be breached in any way. Monitoring - Establish and run a sophisticated monitoring service using out of box and self-developed tools to record data for future use. Automation - Build and maintain tools and scripts to automate various manual processes related to the application. Performance - Tune the web servers, app servers, databases and all services to meet the performance goals set by the spec. Desired Skills & Experience 5-7 years of experience is must. Deep experience with Linux and associated OS concepts, services and esp security. Experience working with Tomcat/ Apache/ JBoss is must. Experience with Mysql ( installation, Recovery,Configuring Master Slave ) is must. Ability to Automate processes by building new tools. Scripting experience(shell/php/python) is mandatory. InDepth Knowledge of Databases(esp Mysql) and tricks on how to configure and optimize them for scale. Understanding of Network protocols (TCP/IP, BGP, HSRP, NAT, IPSec) and adept at configuring Hardware/Software firewalls. Experience setting up application servers and configuring them for monitoring and performance Experience in production deployment with minimum downtime. Ability to work on call and respond to production failures. Some knowledge of Java is a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills service automation server tools monitoring java php mysql bgp ipsec Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: zaakpay Zaakpay is an online payments startup, venture funded by Sequioa Capital, based in New Delhi, India. We aim to make payments simpler for all ecommerce users in India. We, at ZaakPay, are passionately building a state-of-the-art payments platform that would solve most of the payment issues faced by ecommerce companies. We believe in hiring a lean team who would evangelize the product and wish to be a part of the core team of an exciting startup journey. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details