TITLE: WEB DESIGNER

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION Strong Working experience in CSS3, HTML5, Photoshop, JQuery , Bootstrap and also able to make responsive website etc. Strong problem solving skills. RESPONSIBILITIES raquo Design and implementation of new website raquo Producing high quality, responsive designs for web, mobile and tablet applications raquo Establishing and meeting user experience targets. raquo A design degree or equivalent work experience. raquo Creative mind - able to develop varied solutions to design issues. raquo Experience using a range of technologies such as: HTML, CSS, Javascript. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills photoshop javascript website jquery css3 experience design problem solving skills html css user experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Php Expert Group Pvt. Ltd. Php Expert Group goal is to offer effective and affordable web design and hosting for small businesses, professionals and families. You may already have been advised that you are losing behind because you are not on the World Comprehensive Web. With all you have to do to keep your organization and near family members going, how are you going to launch a web page too? In contrast to newest media type, I do not believe that a web page is the end of the road when it comes to your organization or your fulfillment. At Php Expert Group, We view a web site as an additional tool to assist your efforts in delivering information, ideas or goods. Plus, with good experience in marketing, communications, electronic publishing and web design, We possess the know-how to help you every step of the way! Whatever your Internet needs, Php Expert Group can deliver a comprehensive web site design and hosting at a price you can afford. Take some time to explore our web site, and you will see for yourself! PHP Expert Group provides companies world with professional full-service web development and marketing services. The objective of the team at PHP Expert Group is to provide top high quality alternatives and provide appropriate assistance to the clients. All companies are different from one another and we spend a lot of time in understanding the needs of the business and the clients which helps us to use the right sources and make the right methods so that provide high tquality strategies can be provided thereby ensuring finish customer care. Different alternatives are provided by our team like Website Development, Website Design, SEO Services, Content Management, Mobile Application besides the many others which do wonderful things for the internet marketing technique of our clients.e-Commerce Development, and advanced corporate and expert applications. In each situation, after analyzing the needs of your company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details