TITLE: Online Brand Building & Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile This positions requires the candidate to be pro- active, energetic, high on ethics and on- the- toes so as to render his/her services to the tasks mentioned hereafter, effectively: Desired Skills & Experience Excellent Internet and computer skills Knowledge of Online Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media Marketing, Affiliate Marketing, Pay- Per- Click Advertising and Email Marketing. Proficient in the use of Internet Explorer and other browsers, Word, Outlook, Excel, Power point. Knowledge and experience with HTML and Excel. Duties and Responsibilities In- depth reporting and analysis across our business websites and marketing campaigns. Optimize online marketing campaigns and landing pages on the fly. Manage and track link building campaigns, coordinated with all facets of our business. Using web tools to track site traffic, rankings, and ultimately sales. Researching and resolving HTML code and content, link architecture and navigation issues. Assisting in layout of web pages when required. Analyzing website strategies and translating qualitative or anecdotal data into recommendations and tactics for revising the strategies. Creating and reviewing regular sales reports for various online sites and promotions. Researching keywords using Google, Word Tracker and internal tools. Executing a wide variety of details that involve direct mail, email broadcast campaigns, outbound calls, marketing trade shows and events, public relations, customer communications, media advertisements, promotions, and other marketing plans.. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Corporate Communication Executive Keyskills public relations online marketing events brand building social media marketing email marketing website affiliate marketing html link building Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Customer First Concepts Pvt Ltd Our name "Customer First" is our philosphy too. Customer is always First for us. Customer First is our dream of creating exceptionally deligthful customer experience in real estate domain. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details