TITLE: Sr. Software consultant (.NET)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Sr. Software Consultant should be able to handle the entire Software Development Life Cycle, end to end. He/ She should be able to self-manage the projects. Designing, coding and testing should all be a part of his/her daily work. He/ She should be able to understand and use design patterns. This person can anticipate the performance bottlenecks, but knows not to pre-optimize. Responsibilities In depth industry experience Managing a portfolio of projects Working with Project Managers to determine needs and applying / customizing existing technology to meet those needs Maintaining and supporting multiple projects and deadlines Recording work progress on a weekly basis Documentation Skills Ability to complete all phases of software development life cycle including analysis, design, functionality, testing and support Ability to develop large scale web/database applications Ability to work on multiple projects with multiple deadlines Ability to communicate clearly with business users and project manager Ability to innovate and provide functional applications with intuitive interfaces Ability to construct user guides and documentation E-commerce integration skills Excellent knowledge of SQL Working experience with Content Management Systems Qualifications Proven experience with Microsoft .NET technologies including, ASP.NET (Framework 3.5 minimum) Languages: C#, VB.Net, SQL/T-SQL, JavaScript/DHTML, VBScript, HTML, XML Experience developing websites using a Content Management System Some experience with front end UI design preferred Some experience in backend software design in SQL Server 2000 or 2005, Stored procedures, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C# 5 - 7 years of actual experience in the workplace Knowledge of Azure/Cloud Computing College or University degree preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills documentation cloud computing backend front end coding javascript software design maintaining interfaces vbscript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnie Solutions (I) Pvt Ltd At Omnie, we synergize research, technology and creativity to produce innovative solutions, methodologies and processes. Our precision, rationale and technical expertise build sustainable and flexible business solutions. Our success is an outcome of applied thought and performance and have fostered long-standing relationships with our clients through our dedication and commitment. We assert an integrated approach to induce change through the way we THINK, CREATE, PERFORM and DEVELOP. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details