TITLE: Professor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Teaching Management Subjects for MBA /BBA programs, Accreditation and Academic QualityManagement, Career center for College of Business To do periodic evaluation / assessment of students by conducting their internal (College) examinations. Coordinating and compiling of AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education, Ministry Of HRD, New Delhi) filing related to approval of the courses. Preparing Lecture schedule for the staff, Recruitment of new staff, Supervision of existing staff, Guiding Dissertation and Summer Training Projects to the students. . Published papers in National & International Journals. Keep abreast of the research, developments and progress in the field Moderator of Symposis, Seminars & Group Discussions in various conferences. Supervise the Work of Associate Professors Assistant Professors, Students. To maintain records / reports of the Dept. and to provide the same as and when required by the Administration. Active involvement in academic QIP (Quality Improvement Program) Arranging Industrial Visits for Students Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills academic mba recruitment seminars filing coordinating hrd conferences quality improvement group Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:PG Diploma Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rama University Rama University is a renowned name in the world of education. Recognized by UGC, Government of India, the university is rising as one of the largest educational establishments in the country. Involved in imparting world class education, Rama University has shaped more than 10,000 professionals so far and offers more than 100 courses across 09 specialized fields. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details