TITLE: Senior Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 4 years of strong expertise in N-TIER architecture, web services XML, SOAP, SOA, MySql, Spring, Hibernate, Java Script, XML, AJAX technologies, JQuery etc. Experience with writing applications in Java/ J2ee platform Must possess very string Java (5. 0 & 6. 0) programming skills. Excellent Problem Solving with the ability to diagnose and resolve application, technical issues and decision making skills. Demonstrated affinity for seeking, evaluating, and coming up to speed on new technologies Self-starter, motivated to learn quickly. Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment, and lead it with minimal supervision. Strong problem solving skills with the ability to diagnose and resolve application, technical and user issues Solid understanding of object-oriented design Excellent debugging, coding, and analysis/ design skills Worked with maven, ant, svn , github etc. Worked on third party Cloud Service Providers (AWS hellip) based API. Knowledge of Josso, Lucene, Hadoop etc. Worked in designing a SaaS product , and also ability to design a modular product from scratch, to be deployed on cloud. Valid certifications for Java technologies. Good working knowledge in database design, database coding. Strong verbal and written communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml mysql hibernate ajax jquery soa coding ant debugging database design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pyramid Cyber Security & Forensic (P) Ltd. Pyramid Cyber Security & Forensic (P) Limited (Pyramid) is an ISO 9001-2008 and ISO 27001-2013 certified boutique Digital Forensic, Information Security & Fraud Management products, solutions & services company. Pyramid helps customers in Government, Law Enforcement, and Enterprises to identify,prevent, detect, resolve and protect from threats, crimes, breaches & frauds arising due to misuse of digital & communication devices, applications and technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details