TITLE: Senior Trainer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile This positions requires the candidate to be pro-active, energetic, high on ethics and on-the-toes so as to render his/her services to the tasks mentioned hereafter, effectively: Designation Senior Trainer Desired Skills & Experience Needs to have strong training ability Excellent spoken and written Communication Skills Strong inter-personal skills with a strong sense of professionalism. Good presentation skills. Analytical Skills Coaching Skills Goal / Result - oriented. Duties and Responsibilities Develop & Update Team content, material & presentation. Maintain Motivation, Personal Growth & Character Building. Do competition Analysis. Providing process, product and soft skill training to new hires. Created workshops on topics such as Team Building and Sales Techniques. Leading, training & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales operations and meeting of individual & group targets. Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance amongst the team. Assess relevant training needs for staff individuals and organization, in consultation with departmental heads, including assessment methods and measurement systems entailed. Plan and deliver training courses personally where necessary to augment that provided externally or internally by others. Develop self, and maintain knowledge in relevant field at all times. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Training Role:Soft Skills Trainer Keyskills development sales operations team building monitoring coaching methods professionalism good presentation skills training sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Customer First Concepts Pvt Ltd Our name "Customer First" is our philosphy too. Customer is always First for us. Customer First is our dream of creating exceptionally deligthful customer experience in real estate domain Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details