TITLE: Executive, Consumer Insights

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary: Maintain a client service orientation by managing day-to-day administration of client service and coordinating on analysis and reporting of assigned research projects. ? Maintain an accurate, complete, up-to-date and insightful client business profiles to be shared with senior management ? Assist senior staff in delivering quality services to clients and ensure the services provided to clients are timely and precise according to client business needs and specifications and at the same time meeting the company\'s quality standards ? Assist in sales activities in conjunction with senior staff in terms of preparation of proposal and credential presentations ? Provide "in office" research, administrative and operational support to senior staff ? Be directly accountable for work conducted for their nominated clients in terms of analyses, charting, etc and perform quality checks on all reports for alignment to request, accuracy and correctness Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Keyskills coordinating entry level client senior research staff mba in marketing quality checks research projects knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Position Pre-requisites: ? MA in Psychology/ Sociology/ Philosophy/ Social Anthropology or MBA in Marketing ? Fresh Graduate or 1 to 2 years of working experience ? Strong Client Focus and Proactiveness ? Entry level knowledge of statistics ? Entry level knowledge of common Microsoft Office applications Company Profile: The Nielsen Company Nielsen offers an integrated suite of market information gathered from a wide range of sources, advanced information management tools, sophisticated analytical systems and methodologies, and dedicated professional client service to help our clients find the best paths to growth. Clients work with our services to: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details