TITLE: Reconciliation Associate - Fin.

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Securities Accounting (Daily): Daily reconciliation of cash, Interest Due, Suspense and Asset holdings via Recon Plus/Frontier. Process includes Principal & Interest Accounting, researching and resolving un-reconciled activity, recording of necessary adjustments, explaining variances and working with brokers to resolve cash issues, related to USD and foreign currencies, penny write off, spot gains/losses, interest payments, custody fee etc. Essential Functions: middot Analyze, validate and process transactions as per Desktop procedures (L3 & L4). middot Reconcile bank to ledger transactions for all accounts. middot Analyze and research all discrepancies. middot Investigate and resolve outstanding items. middot Follow-up with other internal customers for closure of open items and provide back-up for all discrepancies. middot Perform mid-month, month-end and quarter-end activities as per documented desktop procedures. middot Ensure that the assigned targets are met in accordance with SLA and Internal standards. middot Ensure that the quality of transaction is in compliance with predefined parameters as defined by Process Excellence. middot Ensure adherence to established attendance schedules. middot Comply with regulatory requirements in prioritizing and completing work assignments. Any other essential function that may occur from time to time as directed by the Supervisor. Preferred Industry Minimum 12 months of work experience in a related field is required. Experience in financial/accounting processes shall be preferred. (International Process Only) Skills and Knowledge middot Good keyboarding speed -Basic computer skills, (lotus notes, windows) keying - speed and accuracy middot Good computer navigation skills middot Knowledge of basic finance fundamentals/accounting concepts middot Proficiency in English middot Communication skills - should be able to read, interpret business documents. Good oral/written communication middot Analytical and interpersonal skills middot Team work/ Managing Self / Adaptability middot Adaptability to change middot Self disciplined and result oriented middot Ability to multi task and should have the ability to adapt to and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, or groups. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills accounts reconciliation desktop english windows payments lotus notes ledger analytical documents Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Helios Global Services Imagine a workplace free of transactional work, where HR plays a vital role in channelizing people, strategy, contributes its time in value adding activities, leads upfront towards realizing of Organization Vision and dreams shaping into reality. Imagine your headache of finding temporary staff you need is made available to you quickly and easily, imagine that complicated and time consuming activities of managing payroll, compliances, audit and taxation, HR process consulting, employee query resolution and people/process based documentations is the line item for you to approve. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details