TITLE: Cyber Forensics

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this He/She will design easy to learn practical demonstrations, mini-projects on Cyber Forensics, able to work on a team and follow directions. notes, accessories, hands-on-sessions and other workshop or training specific material along with theory topics. Should be an expert of the desired field,Proactive to deliver workshop Deliver one or two days workshop or training to a batch of 100-150 students per class, Customize the training module. Will be responsible for improvising workshop and training materials in such a way that no matter how complicated the topic is he/she should be able to keep it interesting, interactive, helpful and full of fun and humour. The presentations should be created and updated in such a way that they are very easily understandable to even the guys with low intellect and yet advanced and strong enough for the students with higher intellectual skills and intelligence. Will handle all the queries and problems occurring during the workshop and training session. Keen to keep researching for new, interactive and latest hot topics for the workshop and training modules. Will be in touch with the students both pre and post workshop or training and help them with their issues and queries. Will provide students with best insight, case-studies, practice material and optimum support and motivation. Will train and help other colleagues, employees, trainers, developers, interns and other students in the company. Will work and act as a public representative and promote the company\'s\' name, fame and business wherever possible. He/she will be responsible for handling, operating, management and everything else that happens in the workshop or training session that he/she is appointed for. Desired Candidate Profile Minimum work experience of 1 - 5 years. Freshers may also apply. Preference will be given to trainers available at a short notice now and in the future. Excellent aptitude, manipulative, behavioural, computational, presentation, verbal, written, interpersonal, communications and teaching skills and should be fluent in English. Up-to-date with recent technological advances and developments, advances in computer technology and how this affects the business environment and have a strong client focus. Should be willing and ready to travel. Pro-active and willing to take initiatives and responsibilities. Highly self motivated, hard-working and ambitious in achieving goals and ready to do whatever it takes. Should be creative, with artistic flair and with good imagination, analytic and high order thinking skills. Ability to both lead and follow instructions and give appropriate input and suggestions when required to. Should be adaptable and able to pick up new, better and advanced techniques whenever required to. He/she should be able to work perfectly in every possible condition, situation, place or work environment we put him/her into. Should believe in teamwork, cooperation and helping others out whenever Needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills travel accessories handling proactive hard working module case studies be notes training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iHackers iHackers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details