TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon India is seeking highly analytical and detail oriented candidate to join the Marketplace Business Operations (MBO) team in Hyderabad. As part of the MBO team, you will work with product, technology and operations teams to drive complex data and trend analyses to root cause issues and propose ways to improve marketplace platform and tools, thereby contributing to improved Seller and Buyer experience on Amazon. You will also be responsible for benchmarking and measuring the performance of various business operations projects, building and publishing detailed scorecards and reports, identifying and driving new opportunities based on customer and business data. In this role, you will also get an opportunity to incubate and develop an analytics team for MBO. An ideal candidate will be a self- starter who is passionate about discovering and solving complicated problems, learning complex systems, working with numbers, and organizing and communicating data and reports. You will also be passionate about helping the team make great decisions based on data, possess exceptional skills in project management and data reporting, and be interested in e- commerce industry. You will be detail- oriented and organized, capable of handling multiple projects at once, and capable of dealing with ambiguity and rapidly- changing priorities. Candidates must be successful both as individual contributors and in a team environment, and must be obsessed with serving the customer. Our environment is fast- paced and requires someone who is flexible, detail- oriented, and comfortable working in a deadline- driven work environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications 2 years of relevant professional experience Strong Analytical skills has ability to ask right questions, analyze data, draws conclusion by making appropriate assumptions. Organization skills demonstrated ability to work independently to make complex investigations, has self discipline, is diligent and can manage time appropriately. Communication skills ability to communicate (written and spoken) in English. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical problems in simple plain stories. Ability to present information professionally & concisely with supporting data. At least 2 years of experience in hands on Analytics, creating dashboards / metrics using Analytics for periodic reviews. Advanced proficiency in SQL and Microsoft Office including Outlook, Word, Access and Excel. Advanced proficiency in statistical tools such as Tableau, SAAS, R etc. with experience in modeling complex business scenarios Ability to work effectively & independently in a fast- paced environment with tight deadlines. Ability to engage with cross- functional teams for implementation of project/ program requirements. Outstanding attention to detail; Exceptional problem solving skills. Bachelors degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field Preferred Qualifications Experience in e- commerce industry Experience in business process improvement, Lean/ Six Sigma a strong plus. MBA/ MS/ M Tech from elite university preferably Management / Operations Research/ statistics. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details