TITLE: Regional Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Violet is looking for a Regional Sales Manager who will be responsible for managing channels , sales targets and the sales team with the focus of selling current and future products in their assigned region. The ideal candidate is a hard charging sales professional with at least 2 years experience of a leading a sales team in the technology and hard goods industry. The candidate should have the ability to : (a) understand and communicate the sales strategy to the team , (b) develop his team's capabilities and , (c) directly manage channels and key accounts. This candidate will conduct face to face visits with top customers , prospects , partners , channels and resellers on a weekly basis with expected travel of 60% travel. The candidate will report marketing and business situations along with employee analysis on a weekly basis . Violet3D is a consumer facing company where we offer only the best and most innovative products backed by a serious R&D team. Our head of sales should share the same passion. What you need for this position : Ability and Attitude You must have strong communications skills with group presentations and one -on -one face -face with sales teams , consumers and channels. You should be hard charging and be able to get direct equally talented regional guys to deliver better than targets You should be willing to lead by example and set that example by travelling extensively in the region You should be able to make sure you hand hold customers and complete sale Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills selling travel regional sales manager be sales channel management sales strategy communications skills channels targets channels sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Violet3D Violet is looking for a Regional Sales Manager who will be responsible for managing channels , sales targets and the sales team with the focus of selling current and future products in their assigned region. The ideal candidate is a hard charging sales professional with at least 2 years experience of a leading a sales team in the technology and hard goods industry. The candidate should have the ability to : (a) understand and communicate the sales strategy to the team , (b) develop his team's capabilities and , (c) directly manage channels and key accounts. This candidate will conduct face to face visits with top customers , prospects , partners , channels and resellers on a weekly basis with expected travel of 60% travel. The candidate will report marketing and business situations along with employee analysis on a weekly basis . Violet3D is a consumer facing company where we offer only the best and most innovative products backed by a serious R&D team. Our head of sales should share the same passion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details