TITLE: Software Engineer 2A

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design , develop and support software specializing in different NMS / EMS layers to support network elements using multiple technologies like DWDM , Optical Switches and Multi-Service edge products. Develop complete understanding of mid-sized features and proactively partner with Systems Engineering to review and close feature requirements in a timely manner. Strive to minimize requirements churn during the design phase and conducted detailed design reviews and surfaced major performance and scalability issues up front. Create extensible designs that account for expanded feature scope and / or anticipated future needs. Analyze recurring design defects within the feature / complex subsystem and implement practices for early detection and avoidance across the features thus improving design quality. Make appropriate design and architectural compromises between functionality , performance , dependency , quality , and reliability for the feature / complex subsystem Create designs for the features or complex subsystem that take into consideration the entire product life cycle , which enabled efficient maintenance of the features or complex subsystems in future releases Choose the right technology / tools (for example appropriate design patterns) , with no unnecessary abstraction layers , to implement the features / complex subsystem , which resulted in high-quality , stable , efficient , and secure code Acquire good understanding of relevant sections of applicable industry standards such as GR253 , TMF , G.709 , 802.xx , MTOSI , Processor Architecture etc Utilize already implemented designs to prevent re-invention & enforce re-use. Evaluate various competing 3 rd party software / tools and propose the one which fits the product requirement best. Knowledge of Telecom networking technologies like DWDM , Optical Switching , Ethernet Services and Protection Schemes like UPSR , APS , 2f-BLSR , VLSR Thorough knowledge of FCAPS and OAM&P based products and their project lifecycle Knowledge of Service Level Management , Connections with alarm correlation , CORBA northbound TMF 814 standard , Extremely competent in Java , with emphasis on Swing , Servlet / JSP , J2EE , RMI , Multi-threading , XML , C , GDMO , ASN , X-Motif Knowledge of Server Design Patterns as applied to J2EE , OOD , OOP along with design tools UML , TogetherJ / Rational Rose Knowledge Network Management security with authentication and authorization using LDAP , RADIUS. Strong software analysis , design , coding , testing , and documentation skills. Ability to resolve complex issues that may require design trade-offs. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong knowledge of operating systems: Unix / Solaris / Windows 4 yrs years of NMS / EMS experience using Java in a commercial development environment. 4 years of working experience with development technologies like CORBA , RMI , J2EE , 4 years of Optical networks with SONET , DWDM , Protection Switching , Connection Management and alarm correlation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java j2ee unix xml networking development windows solaris telecom uml Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ciena India Pvt Ltd Website http://www.ciena.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Telecom Services - Network Management Services) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 201 - 500 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details