TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary: To be responsible for developing and maintaining marketing strategies to meet agreed company objectives. To evaluate customer research, market conditions, competitor data and implement marketing plan alterations as needed. To oversee all marketing, advertising and promotional staff and activities. Responsibilities: Responsible for the marketing of company products and services to the right market. Demonstrate technical marketing skills and company product knowledge. Develop an annual marketing plan in conjunction with the sales department. This should detail the yearrsquos activity to meet agreed company objectives. To manage the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities. Relationships and Roles: To demonstrate the ability to interact and cooperate with all company employees. To build trust, value others, communicate effectively, drive execution, foster innovation, focus on delivery to customers, collaborate with others, solve problems creatively and demonstrate high integrity. Maintain professional internal and external relationships that meet company core values. Proactively establish and maintain effective working team relationships with all support departments. Job Specifications: Approximately 0- 4 years of sales & marketing experience in the marketing industry. Fresh Graduates willing to work hard and start a career in marketing will be considered. Experience with a company in a related sector. Candidates holding a valid UAE Driving license will be preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills strategic planning company marketing plan marketing strategies customer research sales marketing market relationships maintaining be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Matrix eSolutions FZE Matrix eSolutions FZE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details