TITLE: iOS Mobile App Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualification Experience on iOS application development lifecycle activities that include analysis, design, coding & implementation. Execute all phases of software application projects including resolving issues and helping to ensure successful Delivery. Graduate - Any Graduate / Post Graduate (IT / Software/ Computers) ul> Skills Required Primary responsibilities include: Proactively add value in all stages of project work (definition, development, delivery) and play a lead role evaluating new mobile technologies and develop plans for their implementation. Brief iOS development experience, with a strong focus on native application development. Should be capable of architecting a mobile solution Should have excellent knowledge of Objective C, C and OOPS concepts, CoCoa, GPS, SQLlite, iPhone SDK, Xcode IDE, java Script, HTML5, CSS, XML. The coder should have knowledge of web service integration (REST/ JSON/ SOAP/ XML), Interface, Builder & Debugging tools, Google map kits, multitasking. Candidate should have worked on iPhone / iPad applications that have published on the app store. Must be up to date with latest releases in iphone development tools/ technologies (ex - ios7) ul> Other Requirements Proven track record of successful and timely project delivery, good communication skills, demonstrated both verbally and in visual communications. ul> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml application development objective c coding json cocoa xcode gps tools project delivery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: webfries MSD Telematics Pvt. Ltd. Is a venture of MSD group which has existence in the Field of Aviation services and flight crew resourcing, Agro Estates and Telematics with over USD 6 Million Revenue With presence in India, Hong Kong and Indonesia, the group is expanding both laterally and vertically. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details