TITLE: Data Scientist (Big Data)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Understand requirements of Big Data and find solution. Use coding & programming techniques, advanced analytics, quantitative analysis, data mining techniques, modeling to find solutions by analyzing Big Data. Work with complex data and find the patterns, insights based on the data and be confident to present your findings to external and internal customers. Provide leadership and technical expertise in creation and delivery of technology solutions, architect, design, build and maintain large-scale computing solution. Develop customized Big-data and analytic solutions leveraging enterprise environment. Develop solutions that enhance and drive improvement efforts as a result of your analysis; design and develop statistical models based on the operating needs of the organization. Diagnose complex technical problems and identify their root cause. Work on large data sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data to discover data insights and collaborate with business partners to deliver business value through these insights Desired Profile Educational Qualifications: B.E. / B.Tech., M.E./M. Tech. or M. Sc. in Computer Science / Electronics Engineering/ MCA/Statistics Skill Sets: Extensive experience solving Big Data, analytic problems using quantitative approaches and a proven passion for generating insights from data. Experience in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume (large data sets), high-dimensionality data from varying sources. Strong knowledge of statistical methods generally, and particularly in the areas of modeling and business analytics. Work Experience: should be as a data scientist. Earning Potential: Compensation - based on experience and background. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills modeling business analytics data mining quantitative mca methods data computer science solutions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mobileum Inc Mobileum is Wisdom, not merely intelligence or insight. Our Telco Big Data Analytics solutions promise mobile operators, Just WisdomÂ® from their biggest underutilized asset Data. Mobileum Analytics for Customer Travel, Analytics for Customer Experience and Analytics for Data Monetization solutions analyze peta-bytes of data daily to create revenue generating, experience enhancing Wisdom for 615 operators across 168 countries. In addition to this, Mobileum\'s leading Roaming Solutions portfolio continues to help mobile operators stay on the leading edge of roaming innovation. Mobileum\'s Just WisdomÂ® promise is powered by Roamware\'s rich brand heritage, leadership and proven innovation. Mobileum combines unmatched experience and judgment to unlock value from mobile operator data like never before. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details