TITLE: SAP Basis Junior

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : To co-ordinate the support and reporting for the desktop build testing engaging third parties and internal resources to ensure SAP and a number of European non SAP can work with the latest build for Laptops and desktops. This also requires attending Eastern Hemisphere Organizational Focal Point meetings for the build project. Develop the SAP CC Tech and Security Services SharePoint Site and Docushare environment to ensure our data is held in the correct place, the information is accurate and current across the teams. Support the Citratest monitoring tool. The role will require the incumbent to support and assist in the development of new monitoring solutions using the Citratest product. The skills are currently available in the team so we can knowledge transfer this skill to the successful applicant. The expectation of this role is listed below: A good command of the English language both oral and written SharePoint design, and update skills A logical mind to enable effective presentation of the information. Good presentation skills Manage Risks and Issues Produce Weekly Management Report Produce Statistical reports and Perform Data Analysis in Excel Good investigative and problem solving skills Support production and maintenance of team process documentation. The successful applicant will need to be a good team worker but have the ability to work on their own Strong self-development Self-Motivated VB (for Excel macros) and Java scripting knowledge Website development/testing experience, working with interfaces College project involving s/w C#, Java, .Net, or database development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills desktop website data analysis security services co vb interfaces sap basis database development java scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SUPERIOR GROUP Superior Group focuses on the agile delivery of people, process, and project outsourcing solutions. Superiors people-related services provide access to qualified talent through staff augmentation, recruitment process outsourcing, executive recruitment, and direct placement services. Process solutions include managed service programs (MSPs), vendor management systems, independent contractor compliance programs, and SOW vendor management. Outsourcing services include CAD, HR, IT, and procurement project management, as well as equipment training. Superiors solutions are strategically-tailored to each customers unique work processes and goals and serviced by industry experts working out of over 50 offices in the U.S. and Canada, as well as strategic locations in Europe, Asia, and South America. Visit www.superiorgroup.com to learn more. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details