TITLE: ASSISTANT MANAGER

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Candidate Profile : Graduate or Post graduate 4 years of relevant experience 2 Years of team handling Excellent Oral and Written Communication; Strong Analytical and Data Management skills; Proactive and self-managing Attention to detail and a focus on high quality outputs Job Responsibilities To lead a team of Recruiters, Sr.Recruiters & TL Front facing with the clients to receive/understand/cascade requirements. Training/ mentoring new team members Team target setting. Motivating team members / resolving queries / problems Escalation handling Responsible for conducting the first level of screening for the organisationrsquos demands Understand screening demands and skills within area of responsibility. Forge excellent connect and relationship with clients Drive Key SLArsquos and Metrics. Identify, drive and support various process level initiatives Ensure strong MI reporting. Mentor, coach and motivate the team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Keyskills handling proactive tl data management team management skills mi reporting attention to detail metrics team handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ARCHELONS Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Founded in 2006, ARCHELONS has been regarded as innovator and leader in Recruitment Industry. Our clients include Software and technology centric companies, product start-ups, manufacturing and automobile companies, automotive dealers, engineering contractors and oil & gas operators. Headquartered in Gurgaon, ARCHELONS has business offices across India, UAE and South Korea. Our Team consists of industry and domain experts having an indepth knowledge of a varied range of recruitment processes and practices which helps us to excel not just in recruitments but also enables us to understand and translate your business needs into key deliverable responses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details