TITLE: Asst Studio Manager

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To supervise and coordinate activities of the studio and other related duties. To observe and evaluate the employees and work procedures to ensure quality standards and service. To assigns duties & responsibilities following work requirements. Inspect supplies, equipment and work areas to ensure efficient service and conformance to standards. Analyzes operational problems and elevate it to the studio manager to establish control Resolve client complaint To ensure quality and timely delivery of services. To train employees on all procedures periodically so that all are in the same understanding. Assist Studio Manager in making daily and monthly reports To perform all duties by taking on additional responsibility in the absence of the studio manager To ensure the day to day operation is smooth in the absence of the Studio Manager. Daily Task Check the next dayrsquos staffing, if all areas will be manned at the stipulated time Check if the daily reporting of collection report has been sent to the head office and all else concerned ( all studio personnel ) Check the consultation appointments for the day to see the if regular follow up is being done by the front desk At the end of the day check if all quotations/ invoices / receipts are generated and if the cash is tallying Address all clients concerns / complaints ALT Check the appointment sheet and discuss with the team the possibilities of second sale with the clients coming for their session that day, to see who has been scheduled for Trico meets/review. Check if the Session card have been updated Check if Active and inactive client list is being updated Check the outstanding list to ensure all payments are in place Check the product list SBS - Ultimate Check with the team the status of the slots for the month Check if the clients booked for the month have met with the requirements in terms of payment, blood investigations and pre procedure guidelines Ensure all slots are filled up by discussing the same with the CR sales team & Consultants Check on the regular calling with old clients for reviews - 4th, 8th & 10th month Check on daily reports of the department sent to Dr KomalCheck if the individual folders of the client are updated with consultation forms, consent form, blood investigations, feedback form, pictures. SBS - Cosmetic Check the next days appointment Check if any client is coming for fitting and ascertain his payment details Check if all the daily reporting is in place Weekly Task Check if the master file is updated and all consultation forms are filed in a chronological order. Check the Outstanding list of all the departments and ensure the concerned team member collects all outstanding within the time line Check with the team if there are any clients with any concerns, discuss with the Studio Manager and address it on priority See what new skins have arrived and if the department has called the client for fitting Check if the master sheet is updated till the week ending for ALT, SBS-U & SBS Cosmetic. Monthly Task Check if all reporting has been done and all files are maintained as per requirement. For ALT, SBS-U & SBS Cosmetic All clients payments are as on schedule for the month. Check if all department feedback forms have been taken and scanned to all concerned. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills service staffing calling payments dr complaints operational forms standards check Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Advanced Hair Studio Pvt. Ltd. The Advanced Hair Studio story is truly one of inspiration and proven success. Advanced Hair Studio was established in Florida, United States in the 1970s. Within three years, the company grew beyond recognition to approximately 35 studios at that time on the east coast and as far west as Texas. It was the first permanent hair replacement chain store operation in the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details