TITLE: Dot NET Technical Lead / Senior Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a . Net Software Development Lead will lead a team of developers to design, code, and deploy innovative . Net solutions. From the initiation of the project construct phase, the technical lead works as a part of the engineering team, leading and guiding a team of developers in designing, developing and maintaining one or more of the customized products for our clients in an innovative and deadline driven environment. Participating actively in software design discussions Managing a small group of developers and ensuring quality deliverables Writing code that is both functional and elegant, following appropriate design patterns Strong knowledge of enterprise class software requirements including security, scalability, and usability Good at requirement analysis, design, implementation, testing, problem analysis and resolution, and technical documentation Ability to lead and oversee developers through the product design, planning, development implementation, and productsystem test Working in a team with mentoring team Excellent communication skills - written & verbal Educational Qualifications: BE or B. Tech in Computer Science IT MCA at least 8 years of development experience in . Net based environment and proven record leading . Net application development projects Excellent exposure in Object Oriented Design skills using C# and . NET Async processing, multithreading, GC Database - joins, stored procedures, indexes, locking Database optimization and profiling Debugging and performance profiling NET concepts ( delegate, value types, generics) Server and user controls (Datagrid, ReportViewer, Custom) Practical application of software product development standards and methodologies including Agile, XP, RUP and UML with ASP. NET, C# and SQL Server or any other RDBMS Good experience in source control, unit testing, code verification, documentation, automated build, continuous integration, metrics, and code reviews Strong Analytical abilities, proven leadership qualities, excellent technical capabilities, good communication skills, ability to work in challenging environments displaying and infusing team values. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills sql server software development uml mca design patterns multithreading verification application development rdbms agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Inflectica Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Technological innovation goes at the speed of light and businesses must comply with to meet the requirements of the modifying platform with a key focus on ever modifying customer needs. Inflectica was created by Market professionals targeted to recognize the company pain points exposed with each new software technology move. Our continuous instant growth is proof of the confidence our customers encounter daily. Building on more than 3 years of experience we add real value to companies through sector skills plus alternatives with proven success in the field and outstanding assistance. Our unique onsite/offshore international distribution design is advised by dedication to customer full fulfillment.Organized by straight industry as well as assistance line, we know the specifics of your company and provide alternatives with perfection you require. Let us use our IT, company procedures and ideal talking to to help you help company, with little risk and interruption.Give your company greater versatility, higher performance and lower costs. Position your company to flourish now and in future. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details