TITLE: Group Account Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary * Will be responsible for management of group of client accounts and delivery of revenue. * Will be responsible for recruiting, training and development of subordinates in his/her team. Principal Accountabilities What are the major responsibilities of this position? * Strategic o Is responsible for developing an annual marketing plan and road map for each client and work with the team in implementing and ensure successful execution of the plans. o Define program measurement metrics and meeting them o Meeting annual revenue targets for each account o Identifying new business opportunities (new program or new initiatives) within accounts being managed * Operational o Drive Creative/Communication strategy excellence for the excellence for the brands o Team Management o Development & adherence to project plans and activity calendar o Ensuring business hygiene like client/ vendor POs/ timely submission of invoices/ collections etc. * Other Responsibilities o Service the marketing needs of a group of clients of the organization as per agreed/contracted scope of work. o Supervise the working of the AEs and Sr. AEs working on the account, ensuring that they deliver the results expected by the client and the organization o Create and track an annual marketing plan for each client and ensure that these plans are fully executed without any glitch o Help the AEs finalize the appropriate creative direction for client briefs and follow- up with the creative team till the final output is in line with clients' needs/ standards. o Track the billing and outstanding position of various clients and ensure that payments are received on time. o Handle the clients marketing problems and provide innovative, cost- effective and result- oriented solutions. o Groom and develop the AEs working under them to be effective client servicing personnel. o Be a knowledge repository for clients and agency's processes. o Possess a thorough knowledge of clients' customers profile and behaviour. What critical knowledge and competencies are needed to successfully perform this position? Experience : 8 - 10 years in industry with atleast 3 - 4 years of supervisory experience in client servicing departments of ad agencies/brand management role. Proficient in Computer Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills development service billing accounts team management brand management o standards operational clients Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Direxions Marketing Solutions Pvt Ltd Direxions Marketing Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details