TITLE: Central Head

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Enabling the branch to have higher activations. Ability TResponsible for monthly, quarterly and annual achievements. Administration & Business development. Carrying out Staff Appraisals, Managing Performance and Disciplining Staff. Organising and Chairing Meetings with your Staff. Overseeing the Recruitment of New Staff, sometimes including Training. Responding to Customer Enquiries and Complaints Management of Social Media. Arranging Appointment To Work and Act as a Public Representative and Promote the Companys' Name, Fame and Business Wherever Possible. He/She will be Responsible for Handling, Operating, Management and Everything Else That Happens in the Workshop or Training Session that He/She is Appointed For. To handle Multiple Projects simultaneously. Desired Candidate Profile Any Graduate, MBA preferred. Candidates with prior experience will be preferred. Computer Skills - Strong knowledge of MS Excel and MS Word. Pro-Active and Willing to take Initiatives and Responsibilities. Minimum Work Experience of 0-5 Years. Highly Self Motivated, Hard-Working and Ambitious in Achieving Goals and Ready to do whatever it takes. Excellent Aptitude, Manipulative, Behavioural, Computational, Presentation, Verbal, Written, Interpersonal, Communications and Teaching Skills and should be Fluent in English. Up-to-Date with Recent Technological and Software Developments, Advances in Computer Technology and How This Affects the Business Environment and have a Strong Client Focus. Should be Creative, with Artistic Flair and with Good Imagination, Analytics and High Order Thinking Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Keyskills business development mba recruitment social media analytics handling hard working complaints staff be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iHackers iHackers is a leading company which provides Services, Workshops and Training in the field of Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, Network Monitoring and IT Support, Web-Application Security, Web Development and Web Designing, Multimedia (Animation, Graphic Designing, 3D Design, Flash, Photoshop), Internet Marketing, Application Development for Android and iOS etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details