TITLE: Relationship Manager Client Servicing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Relationship Manager Client Servicing (Kannada) Gurgaon | T A HR Solutions provides best opportunities in various diversified segments and sectors such as IT Information Technology, Ma T A HR Solutions understand that requirement of each client is unique,so we provide fresh perspective young talent of manageme If you wish to be considered for any of the Openings, you may please submit your Curriculum Vitae and We will assist you in the be Relationship Manager Client Servicing (Kannada) Gurgaon We are looking for a for Relationship Manager Client Servicing (Kannada) in Gurgaon. Salary 20,000 to 30,000 max. in hand We need someone who can speak Kannada English very well. Job Responsibilities You will be responsible for managing relationships Restaurants. Providing training to outlet staff (outlet onboarding). Engage with outlet staff at various touch points in the entire life-cycle of relationship between outlets Making the outlets and their staff aware of new features of the app. Retention of outlets along with preparing invoice and collecting payments. Collecting feedback from the outlets and proposing process improvement ideas to the management Work closely with sales, marketing and business operations team to ensure growth. 0-2 year of experience in relationship management/operations. Proactive and highly self-motivated Communicating courteously with customers by telephone and email (if required) Have excellent communication skills written and verbal. Should have a customer centric attitude. Very good in follow through, data driven and strong organizational skills Any Graduation from tier 2 college (MBA not required) Click to share Apply to the above mentioned job Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills mba relationship management retention information technology business operations english payments proactive email ideas Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: T & A Solutions T & A Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details