TITLE: ANDROID DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION . - Must have worked on support libraries and latest Android, SKD - Must have strong knowledge of OOPs. - Should have knowledge of C2DM/ Push Notification. - Must have implemented REST, POST and HTTP web services. - Must be familiar with Keywords: Android, JSON, SDK, OOPS, Android Development RESPONSIBILITIES raquo 1 years of experience in application development on Android and 1 years in Java/C raquo Most recent projects or job must be Android-based development. raquo Bachelorrsquos degree in Computer Science/Information Technology or related field (or equivalent education/experience) raquo strong OO design and development experience. raquo Experience with Android SDK. raquo Ability to work with data from outside APIs. raquo Ability to understand and parse XML, JSON and serialized data. raquo Experience with embedded relational databases (SQLite). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java xml development embedded android application development http json information technology computer science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Php Expert Group Pvt. Ltd. Php Expert Group goal is to offer effective and affordable web design and hosting for small businesses, professionals and families. You may already have been advised that you are losing behind because you are not on the World Comprehensive Web. With all you have to do to keep your organization and near family members going, how are you going to launch a web page too? In contrast to newest media type, I do not believe that a web page is the end of the road when it comes to your organization or your fulfillment. At Php Expert Group, We view a web site as an additional tool to assist your efforts in delivering information, ideas or goods. Plus, with good experience in marketing, communications, electronic publishing and web design, We possess the know-how to help you every step of the way! Whatever your Internet needs, Php Expert Group can deliver a comprehensive web site design and hosting at a price you can afford. Take some time to explore our web site, and you will see for yourself! PHP Expert Group provides companies world with professional full-service web development and marketing services. The objective of the team at PHP Expert Group is to provide top high quality alternatives and provide appropriate assistance to the clients. All companies are different from one another and we spend a lot of time in understanding the needs of the business and the clients which helps us to use the right sources and make the right methods so that provide high tquality strategies can be provided thereby ensuring finish customer care. Different alternatives are provided by our team like Website Development, Website Design, SEO Services, Content Management, Mobile Application besides the many others which do wonderful things for the internet marketing technique of our clients.e-Commerce Development, and advanced corporate and expert applications. In each situation, after analyzing the needs of your company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details