TITLE: Account Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : About 2-5 years of experience in Digital Media Sales, Digital Agency or Brand side. Have worked on Digital Marketing planning, Strategy or sales extensively. Out of the box thinker. Creative on Digital media ideas for brands to convert into business. Hands on with Digital Media platforms Search, Social, Ad structures, Affiliate, Web, Mobile marketing etc. The candidate must be versatile enough to understand the scope, create plan and make sales. Good Presentation & communication skills is must. Good knowledge of overall Media planning and have managed account 40 Lac accounts. Account Management and Analytics skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills accounts account management analytics digital marketing digital media ideas mobile marketing media planning communication skills sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blue Digital Media Pvt Ltd Digital marketing at Blue Digital is typically multifaceted and is meant for solving specific marketing challenges while building upon client capabilities. Apart from assigning new roles that develop employee skills, we also address your technology infrastructure issues and help identify potential partners. We work to: Harness digital marketing strategies that drive sales and performance gains. Our shift may involve mastering multichannel practices to distinctive insights that develop contact strategies, streamlined planning and execution processes and upgrade all internal capabilities. As a digital marketing agency, we help integrate the flow of customer experience across all channels of lead resources while continuously providing new practical perspectives. Here is a brief at our specific digital marketing techniques: Search engine optimization (SEO) This has always been the way search engines have worked and the process is here to continue. The difference that we experience now is that search engines have become much stricter and it is the quality content that can help get placement in the first few rankings. It is important for businesses to get the maximum exposure and the farther one is listed in search pages, the lower are the chances of success. As a digital marketing company, we ensure that you are well placed and gain a substantial amount of traffic geared towards your industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details