TITLE: Web Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: - Candidates should be very creative and have new ideas for visual creations. - Complete knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery - Perfect knowledge of Photoshop, CorelDraw, Illustrator, Indeign, Flash, Dreamweaver. - Work knowledge of Live Projects and Live implementations. - Should have good communication skill. - Responsible for handle large batch sizes and trained the students according to the current requirement of IT Industry. - Design the sites accrding to W3C Standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills javascript jquery photoshop dreamweaver illustrator ideas html css good communication skill w3c standards web designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xperia Technologies Pvt. Ltd. XPERT INFOTECH Training Division is a professional training Company offering IT enabled services & industrial trainings for B.E., B-Tech, MCA, BCA, MSc and MBA freshers and experienced Developers/programmers in various platforms. Summer Training /industrial training will be provided for the students of BCA, B-TECH, M.TECH, MBA and MCA only. Deserving candidates may be awarded stipends, scholarships and other benefits, depending on their performance and recommendations of the mentors. Founded in 2009, XPERT INFOTECH is the largest privately held provider of IT training, enterprise learning services, software and Web Development solutions for information technology (IT) and management professionals. XPERT INFOTECH provides end-to-end learning services and solutions that create a quantifiable path to improved performance and increased knowledge for enterprise customers around India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details