TITLE: Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES The content writer will be required to write content on all kind of subjects in the form of write- ups, articles, news, blogs, press- releases, website content etc. Manage multiple projects and write and edit content for the company website, email campaigns, online communication, blogs, case studies, newsletters, infographics, printed brochure and content support for other asset types. Technology enthusiast with an ability to convert complex technical information into appealing, easy to understand marketing content. Must have passion for writing and delivering user oriented content in simple and embellished language as required. Work with the editorial team to ensure that proprietary content conforms to SEO best practice. Work with Product Managers to ensure website is optimized for search engines. Knowledge about working on CMS like Joomla, Wordpress will be a plus. QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Advanced Graduate/Post Graduate Degree in any area that offers subject matter expertise (Previous experience in SEO relevant to assessment business preferred) PREFERRED SKILLS Willing to take challenges associated with the start- up environment. 0- 2 years in Content Writing experience. Self- starter. Impeccable command over grammar with excellent copy editing skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong writer with ability to ensure best practices in writing. Ability to research and parse valuable data from existing content. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills content writing articles seo editorial website grammar cms case studies email wordpress Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PMaps Assessment PMaps Assessment Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details