TITLE: Project Management/Co-ordinator

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : strong> p> Facilitate weekly meetings with internal and external customers & partners. Keep logs for the duration of the project (i. e. issues log, lessons learned, task tracker, order tracking). Create and maintain project schedule Manage customer relations (Single point of contact) Recognizes project risks and communicates to project team Provides resolutions to project issues Maintain Service Level Agreements & provide status reports. Perform close-out calls Cross-project training Participate in functional/ department improvement projects Requirements: College education, fluent English speaking 1-3 years related experience Excellent organizational, time management and communication skills Strong customer service and relationship building skills Strong knowledge of customer service ethics. Proficient in Objective-C, C, C , i phone OS, and MAC OS Ability to work within a team environment Proficiency in MS Office tools: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio Experience in the Technology industry preferred, knowledge of ISO standards, PMP certification, Knowledge of Agile. span> p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills customer service project management outlook iso pmp relationship building visio tracking service level agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ved Solution Ved Solution is offshore software development company that focuses on highly qualitative, timely delivered and cost-effective solution. We ever initiate every possible step to develop and implement some of the best-known processes and practices aimed at delivering widespread and industry-specific bpo services. Ved Solution has worked with companies across the globe in maximizing their business goals. Whether it is providing transcription services to a small medical center or taking up engineering services for a large manufacturing organization, our breadth and depth of outsourcing experience has resulted in several long term customer partnerships. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details