TITLE: Sr. Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Bachelorrsquos degree in any stream. Masters degree in Marketing & Sales from a recognized institute is preferred. Knowledge of computers and should have good communication skills and negotiation skills. Prior experience in Publishing industry with a good track record in Sales for a minimum of 2 years. Should have a strong understanding and previous experience in the higher education books market specialty into Information Technology, Management and Engineering. Job Description: The position holder will sell and promote the entire range of products of Dreamtech Books. Maintain existing accounts and expand account base through acquisition of new clients. Promote effectively the entire range of Dreamtech products at Institutes, Libraries, Research labs and Industries in the region. Researching and recommending new markets and customers and developing new sales accounts selling products in the assigned market. Identify and develop new sales accounts selling products in the assigned market. Maintain existing accounts and expand account base through acquisition of new clients. Implement marketing and promotional plans. Provide assistance to the marketing department in organizing exhibitions and expositions at regular intervals. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills selling publishing exhibitions promotional organizing negotiation skills communication skills knowledge of computers information technology management good communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dreamtech Press Pvt Ltd Website www.dreamtechpress.com Industry Education, Training Institutes & Academic Research (Teaching/ Learning Material & Products) Company Turnover 1 - 100 Crores Company Size 51 - 200 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details