TITLE: PHP DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum experience - 3-5 year Should be expert in PHP, AJAX, mysql, Javascript , Jquery , HTML Thorough knowledge of languages: SQL, PHP 4,PHP 5, JavaScript, XHTML, CSS, DHTML, XML, Knowledge of Object Oriented programming and design patterns. Experience in building CMS-based websites on codeigniter, Wordpress, Drupal or Joomla,smarty. Good command over PHP, XML, AJAX, JQuery, MySQL. Candidate with experience in payment gateway integration , API integrations and other 3rd party tools Candidate should have strong knowledge on MVC Architecture- Handling development of projects. Candidates must be capable of developing the site on individual basis Conveying proper updates to reporting seniors. Ability to analyse and Main Framework is CodeIgniter, expertise in other framworks will be an added advantage, but codeigniter is must. A solid understanding of web application development processes, from the layout/user interface to relational database structures. Understanding the benefits of SEO and the development skills to support SEO are a plus. Good communication and writing skills. Ability to communicate directly with peers, managers, and clients while leading development to a completed and successful solution. Strong organization skills to manage multiple timelines and complete tasks quickly within the constraints of clients timelines and budgets. Ability to grow professionally in a highly flexible and fast-moving environment. Awareness and pride in 100% client satisfaction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development seo tools api handling cms mysql sql html xml Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. is a full service internet company located in India providing quality web solutions, website design, web development, domain registration, e-commerce, network & hardware and IT consultancy services, multimedia presentation and maintenance services to businesses of all types and sizes. We are known for our talent, passion, work ethic and building ongoing long term relationships and commitment through support and maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details