TITLE: Sharepoint Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description 3- 5 years of relevant experience required SharePoint 2010 OOTB features and interaction between SharePoint and IIS, SharePoint Designer, WSS, InfoPath, and workflow creation, .NET Framework 3.5, C#, Visual Studio Desired Candidate Profile Design, develop, and maintain custom components (master pages, workflows, user controls, web parts and server- side code, InfoPath forms) for intranet and collaboration portal deployed to SharePoint 2010. Develop custom applications in support of enterprise projects utilizing SharePoint that leverage the use of Out Of The Box (OOTB) SharePoint features and functionality. Work with Business Analysts to design and develop capabilities that meet business requirements. Examine requirements documents and create technical designs, unit tests, system tests, and implementation plans for projects. Maintain current industry knowledge of development concepts, best practices, and procedures for SharePoint solutions. Strong knowledge and understanding in Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007. 2 - 3 years experience with ASP.NET Development. Experience in developing and maintaining Web services and multi- threading. Experience of building and maintaining application using object oriented methodology. Workflow Developments. Great communication and customer service skills. KPI knowledge. Experience working with business processes and developing detailed analysis of how to effectively deploy SharePoint Services throughout the enterprise environment SP2010 features: Workflow (SPD2010, Visual Studio) , Records Management, Business Data Catalog, Content Deployment, and Localization Solid understanding of the SP2010 security model and integration with Active Directory Background in integrating 3rd party applications and orchestrating technology transfers Ability to work independently and within a team environment Must be able to work in a fast- paced, dynamic environment with constantly changing demands. Experience designing and deploying web- based technologies using Object- Oriented/User Control Methodologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development portal documents workflow forms maintaining localization active directory procedures intranet Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnie Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd Omnie Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details