TITLE: SEO....

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibility Monitor, track, and report on paid search metrics, including trend analysis. Provide support for search engine optimization recommendations. Interact with copywriter and web service manager to optimize copy and landing pages for Search Engine Marketing. Provide ad-hoc support for the Search Engine Marketing team including Set up of new campaigns and QA creative Assist in Keyword discovery and expansion Top keywords raking by category ROI by Campaign, Site, and Category Research and analyze competitor advertising links Specifications Self motivated, detail oriented and able to prioritize daily work efficiently. Able to analyze metric data and convey recommendations appropriately to supervisors. Demonstrate a proactive work ethic when managing numerous competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Excellent personality and communication skill is required. Candidate need to be self driven and can manage a team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills seo trend analysis proactive metrics search engine marketing detail oriented search engine optimization service manager web service self motivated Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Truely marry Truelymarry.com is one of the leading online matrimonial services offering various opportunities to people to meet their soul-mates on a single platform. The site is one of the fast growing matrimonial portals working towards creating the matrimony alliances and successful marriages. The portal extends its services to people belonging to different backgrounds, regions, casts and religions. The services are offered to privileged Indians from Hindu, Sikh, Muslims, Christians, Jain and other communities world-wide. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details