TITLE: Mobile Apps Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description We are looking for sharp analytical minds to work as Mobile Apps Marketing Manager . Responsibilities Be responsible for marketing spends on mobile channels for app download lead user acquisition. Conduct a formal Market analysis to identify key market and customer trends. Identify the right marketing metrics to track and put the right tools in place to measure ROI of the Mobile Marketing spend. Stay current on latest Digital Marketing methods coming up. Desired Skills & Experience Demonstrated mobile apps marketing experience in leading mobile first company of at least 3-7 years. Varied experiences in digital marketing with Indian or international ecommerce companies. Should understand the concepts of Lifetime value of a user (LTV) and its application. Should have pure data oriented approach in executing the campaigns without any bias. Should be open to exploring new Marketing products coming up. Should be comfortable to work in a high growth environment. Apart from Data Analysis, the candidate should know how to make sense Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills tools analytical digital marketing market analysis data analysis mobile marketing methods google analytics mobile marketing manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: zaakpay Zaakpay is an online payments startup, venture funded by Sequioa Capital, based in New Delhi, India. We aim to make payments simpler for all ecommerce users in India. We, at ZaakPay, are passionately building a state-of-the-art payments platform that would solve most of the payment issues faced by ecommerce companies. We believe in hiring a lean team who would evangelize the product and wish to be a part of the core team of an exciting startup journey. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details