TITLE: PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : 3-4 years of experience in PHP development Must have good understanding of PHP, OOPS and MVC Very Good knowledge of MySQL Knowledge in PHP Frameworks like Cake PHP, MVC Experience in developing social network websites integrating with facebook, twitter, etc Good Knowledge of Ajax/jQuery/xml is mandatory Must have worked on Web Services, Ecommerce, CRM, e-learning products, etc Work closely with the team and customer and lead the team in technical discussions Excellent communication, leadership, inter-personal and organizational skills Working knowledge of web application security and performance tuning Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development e learning crm mysql inter xml ajax facebook knowledge web application Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blue Digital Media Pvt Ltd Digital marketing at Blue Digital is typically multifaceted and is meant for solving specific marketing challenges while building upon client capabilities. Apart from assigning new roles that develop employee skills, we also address your technology infrastructure issues and help identify potential partners. We work to: Harness digital marketing strategies that drive sales and performance gains. Our shift may involve mastering multichannel practices to distinctive insights that develop contact strategies, streamlined planning and execution processes and upgrade all internal capabilities. As a digital marketing agency, we help integrate the flow of customer experience across all channels of lead resources while continuously providing new practical perspectives. Here is a brief at our specific digital marketing techniques: Search engine optimization (SEO) This has always been the way search engines have worked and the process is here to continue. The difference that we experience now is that search engines have become much stricter and it is the quality content that can help get placement in the first few rankings. It is important for businesses to get the maximum exposure and the farther one is listed in search pages, the lower are the chances of success. As a digital marketing company, we ensure that you are well placed and gain a substantial amount of traffic geared towards your industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details