TITLE: Regional Sales Manager- Sales & Marketing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Around 3 to 5 years of sales experience in sales in Industrial Automation sector Sales & Marketing experience in concept selling of high value products & solutions. Basic exposure to plant instrumentation and control systems and communication protocols. Preferred: Exposure to customer industry segment (either in terms of having worked for them or been a service provider) Demonstrated successes in past career. Key Responsibilities: The prime responsibility of the incumbent would be to meaningfully establish TAS solutions in Solar & Wind, water and waste water, Power, Solar, Wind and O&G both in terms of target revenues and mind share. In particular: Generate enquiries in target segments; interact with customers, understand their needs; conceptualize appropriate solution to meet their needs, give clarifications, rework on proposals, specifications, prices, terms, etc. till order closure. Work with the team to identify sales opportunities and recommend optimal solution components and solution architecture for realizing deliverables, specific to the process, plant, equipment which positively influences customerrsquos intent to buy. Ensure that technical & commercial requirements are fully understood, communicated internally and implemented by making technical and commercial offer. Interact with engineering and execution teams for order transmittals. Manage long term customer relationship through continuous interaction till project closure to pave way for future orders Build up and grow sales with focus on revenues and profitability. Skills required: Ability to investigate and understand customer process, plants, utilities etc. in various industrial sectors and drive TAS value proposition Knowledge of instruments and automation in the sector Demonstrated technical communication skills - both oral and written Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills service customer relationship automation instrumentation instruments waste water solution architecture tas sales marketing communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TAS India Pvt. Ltd. TAS India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details