TITLE: CONTENT WRITER

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Develop content from scratch. Write & edit website content as per SEO standard. Proof reading, editing & writing content on a regular basis. Experience and knowledge of content writing on website. Developing highly effective, original and targeted marketing copy for web customers Produce quality content quickly and efficiently Apply principles of Internet Search Engine Marketing to clearly and effectively convey message in their web articles. Write or develop highly professional, unique, and corporate content for websites/ web pages from scratch. Candidate also have exp. in writing content for technical service provider company (Tech support or pc support kind of company ) Write web content, press releases, blog articles, social network site, YouTube, Flickr, Twitter, Facebook, StumbleUpon, Myspace, Delicious, Digg, blogs, Wikis, etc. And Candidate have good skills to write corporate communication & emails. Key Skills Required - Excellent written and spoken English skills. - Ability to develop professional, high quality, business-oriented industry and travel specific content. - Ability to compose grammatically correct sentences, paragraphs and topics. - Ability to articulate newsletters, write blogs, Articles, Press Release and manage social media comments. - Should be able to conduct periodic check of content health. - Must be a professional, punctual and passionate content writer. - Knowledge of SEO will be preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills corporate communication seo social media content writing website facebook travel twitter technical service proof reading Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: YNG MEDIA At YNG MEDIA, we provide effective digital marketing services by implementing the best of technology, creativity and analytical expertise. After serving over 400 clients to their satisfaction & being in the market for years, we have equipped ourselves to provide you with the best results for all your marketing campaigns. Based in Delhi, we are a team of over 100 young and energetic digital marketing professionals. Taking a cue from close to 2000 successful projects and campaigns, we do not believe in run of the mill products and services. Unlike other Delhi advertising agencies, we at YNG MEDIA look at digital media marketing as a mix of art and science with tailored & customized solutions based on your end objectives & requirements. Another big differentiator is that we have a self motivated team which just requires a challenge & some obscene amount of coffee to make your campaign a success. Though we do not like blowing our own trumpet and let results speak for themselves, it is indeed a feeling of pride for us to have received countless appreciations and testimonials from our large clientele. Some of our clients have gone on to certify us, unofficially, as the best digital marketing firm and we dont really see a point in contesting their views. We may not know what you are looking for but we are quite certain we have a great plan for your business. And a lot of coffee as well, so why not comes over for a little chat at our office. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details