TITLE: Senior Consultant Knol

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Be responsible for the technical design and experience in guiding/mentoring others. Strong OOPS knowledge, functional programming including experience with design patterns. Experience with Java/JEE and open source frameworks. Experience with databases like MySQL/Oracle, MongoDB, Cassandra, Riak, Neo4j. Exposure to Web Services - SOAP and RESTFUL. Exposure to Agile/Scrum, TDD, Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins, Bamboo etc. Excellent analytical aptitude and problem solving skills. Excellent communication and customer interfacing skill. Experience of 4- 8 years or more in the position of lead developer/technical architect in enterprise Java software development projects. Experience in formulating technology solutions based on the requirements of the client. Taking complete ownership of technical solution and ensure technical expectations of deliverables are met. Experience in leading teams in Agile environment and a good understanding of Agile methods. Supporting sales and pre sales activities. Experience with Hadoop, Storm and/or Spark will be a big plus. Blogger, Conference Speaker, Open Source Contributor. Team player skills. At Knoldus respect comes with knowledge and not with years of experience. Soft Skills : Be passionate about building great software. Have experience engaging in rapid prototyping and iterative product development. Be nimble and flexible enough to thrive in a rapidly evolving business environment. Be an independent thinker and not a technologist who just executes on specs. Have big thoughts and the courage to voice them. Have enthusiasm for emerging technologies. Grasp the big picture, and be curious about and engaged in the broader world. Team player skills. At Knoldus respect comes with knowledge and not with years of experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills oracle mysql software development design patterns product development pre sales open source agile tools methods Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Knoldus Software LLP Knoldus Software LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details