TITLE: Workshop Coordinator

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description To ensure appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is used in accordance with Company health and safety policies. Any other reasonably delegated responsibilities as instructed by Line Management within the timeframe specified in a safe and efficient manner to meet business Requirements. Finalizing the Workshop. Assists with coordination and promotion of programs, workshops, meetings and conferences. Advertising companyrsquos services on networking portals and Mapping out strategies for online promotion. Coordinates and prepares booklets and materials for classes, workshops and meetings. Will maintain the calendar, payroll records, credit card reconciliations, and budget. Provides on-going administrative support to faculty overseeing programs, workshops, workshops, etc. Communication with the Scientific Organizers, providing guidance and assistance in all Organizational steps of a Workshop. Preparation of workshop materials such as badges, schedules, forms, posters etc. Setup and administration of workshop web pages and participants database. Preparation of workshop materials such as badges, schedules, forms, posters etc. Desired Candidate Profile Well Educated with work knowledge. Honesty and integrity . Positive, proactive attitude . IT skills, MS Office in particular Excellent planning and organisation skills . Co-operative and supportive team player . Willing to travel. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Capable of handling tasks requiring Coordination. Language proficiency in English. Liaise with Workshop Manager with respect to all workshop activities . Liaise with other Sales Engineers / Project Managers. Pleasing personality (preference will be given to candidates with moderate convincing skills). Any other reasonably delegated responsibilities as instructed by Line Management within the timeframe specified in a safe and efficient manner to meet businessRequirements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills networking travel coordination payroll conferences ms office english handling proactive mapping Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iHackers iHackers is a leading company which provides Services, Workshops and Training in the field of Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, Network Monitoring and IT Support, Web-Application Security, Web Development and Web Designing, Multimedia (Animation, Graphic Designing, 3D Design, Flash, Photoshop), Internet Marketing, Application Development for Android and iOS etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details