TITLE: Software Engineering Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : 1. Authoring of Software development plans 2. Requirements management, coding standards, configuration management, defect tracking process and build procedures 3. Development of Specifications, architectures, designs, schedules and unit and integration test plans, verification strategies related to product development activities and product upgrades 4. Software risk assessment activities, Use / Design Failure mode effects and analysis 5. Software Development using Agile methodology 6. Production release activities 7. Delivery of projects to scheduled commitments - Responsible for maintaining Project Metrics and status reports on Time, cost and quality. - Ready to travel and comfortable in a multinational demanding work environment. - Develop and manage project times, resource plans Develop and lead strategies to achieve deliverables including Project Lifecycle Management. Identify and recruit engineers. - Assign roles & responsibilities as per project plan - Facilitate career development including developing future leaders and people managers. - Undertake performance appraisal and provide ongoing developmental feedback to direct reports and team members. - Facilitate developmental plans with HR for individual direct reports. Bachelor\'s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related field. Master\'s degree preferred. - 5 years\' experience in managing software teams and projects - Experience working with development of Windowstrade or mobile applications. - 5 years\' experience of developing and testing Object Oriented applications. - Work experience in both US and India (preferred) - Experience in a regulated environment (for example; medical, aerospace, nuclear). - Object oriented software development experience in a Windowsenvironment using Microsoft .NET framework, C#, C or Java. - Knowledge of software architectures, design patterns, and software engineering best practices. - Experience using source control systems (Visual Studio Team Suite, Git, or similar), configuration management, requirements management, and issue tracking systems. - Experience using a continuous build and test environment. - Software development for a class III medical device which is compliant to IEC 62304:2006 development process is highly desirable. - Experience with security of distributed mobile devices and management of remote systems is desirable - Team / People Management skill - Proficient in project management tools like MS project. - Experienced in Process based work culture Excellent Communication, presentation and interpersonal skills with proficiency in English (verbal and written). - A positive attitude, innovative and creative thinker. - Responsible risk taking and risk management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills performance appraisal travel java project management career development english procedures product development verification aerospace Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Scientific Our products and technologies are used to diagnose or treat a wide range of medical conditions, including heart, digestive, pulmonary, vascular, urological, women\'s health, and chronic pain conditions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details