TITLE: Project Coodinator, Content Manager for E-commerce Project

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description : The Candidate will be required for coordinating for the online sales platform of the company. The job responsibility would primarily include a. Managing the content on the site and the product suite b. coordination with vendor suppliers and various departments c. Good Command over English and computer proficiency a must. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills online sales coordination english coordinating e commerce managing suppliers content vendor computer proficiency Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MILESTONE CONSULTING GROUP Milestone Consulting Group is counted among the well-known HR & Placement Consultants in North India, offering a wide range of HR services to clients. At Milestone Consulting Group, we believe that proper manpower can ensure an exponential growth for your organization. By completely understanding your need, we thereby provide a professional approach ensuring that the right person is recruited for the job. Milestone Consulting Group is a well-established outsourcing service provider. The firm has been operating actively from its base in Lucknow since the year 2014. Quality Human Resource is the basic driving force of any organization, and the driving force behind any projects finance and management. At Milestone Consulting Group, we believe that proper manpower can ensure impeccable and steady growth for your organization. Reputed for its integrity and trusted for its highly qualitative database, Milestone Consulting Group adheres to a well-structured recruitment process for every assignment. We have developed expertise in assessing the industry and job specific skills in a candidate. This enables us in guiding the candidate towards the right career path. A Complete Manpower & Outsourcing Solution Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details