TITLE: Web Developer/Programmer:

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : The candidate will be required to create and update websites, develope and manage database. The candidate should have degree or diploma in computer/IT, should have atleast 1 year experience in web programming, should have good knowledge of Visual Basic 6.0, ASP, ASP.NET (will be an added advantage), XML, Javascript, VbScript, HTML and Ajax (will be an added advantage), WAP and WML Script (will be an added advantage), be able to work independently. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript xml html ajax vbscript wap wml asp net visual basic 6 0 web programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netway India Pvt. Ltd. Astroyogi.com is the leading astrology portal in India that provides users with accurate daily, weekly, monthly and yearly horoscopes for all sun signs, free numerology readings, tarot readings, I-ching predictions, palm reading and lots more! It is also a popular platform for online users to connect with some of the best known names in Astrology like astrologer Ajai Bhambi, P.K. Sharma and sought after Tarot readers like Mita Bhan, Maa Prem Ritambhara amongst others. Astroyogi.com is a preferred name in astrology with one of the largest content portfolios in the country today. It was launched in 2001 and has come a long way since. Astroyogi\'s growth has been phenomenal and it has diversified and formed co-branded channel alliances with internationally recognized brands such as MSN, Yahoo! and Google amongst others. Online users have always preferred Astroyogi for its superior content, clean and user-friendly design, and accuracy in terms of predictions. The services offered by Astroyogi span across horoscopes in various genres; Palmistry, Numerology, Tarot, Feng Shui, Vaastu, I Ching and Indian astrology. Paid services include personalized email reports, expert consultations and "Live Phone Advice Service", an Astroyogi exclusive, Astro Shopping for products & Vedic Luck, a unique personalized daily predictions service developed in-house. Astroyogi.com is a trusted brand in astrology in India and across the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details