TITLE: RELATIONSHIP MANAGER- CUSTOMER SERVICE

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brief Description about the role Assisted Matrimony - Responsible for Revenue Generation by developing a good relationship with the customers and assist them find suitable profiles. Elite Matrimony- Welcome the customer on-board into the membership Create Member Profile with us. Identifying the Right Uniqueness of the Member and understanding their expectations Identifying the right kind of Matches for the member Arranging Mutual Discussions and Meetings Finalizing the Marriage Managing the entire Relationship during the tenure Educational Qualifications Any graduate with an experience for a minimum of 1 year in directly interfacing with the Customer. Skill sets Strong command over the appropriate regional language and English - both written and verbal. Should be ready to take the Initiative. Very good emotional quotient to connect well and understand the members. Persuasion Skills Capability to perform as an individual Core Competencies Relationship building and management Ability to read and understand the clients requirements Utilise all available resources to service the client and also think beyond Very good at communication skills and Listening skills Should be Highly Service Oriented Presentable in Looks Threshold Competencies Integrity / Ethical in Practice Interpersonal Effectiveness (Negotiation Skills,Teamwork) Customer Focus Time Management Key Deliverable Assisted Matrimony Deliver quality service to paid members counted amongst the cream of society Work closely and maintain a good rapport with them Help clients with suitable profiles and work keeping their satisfaction in mind Search, screen, shortlist, establish contact, initiate meeting between members and give success stories Elite Matrimony Manage the Relationship with the Member. Deliver quality service to paid members counted amongst the cream of the society. Work closely and maintain a good rapport with member and Reporting Managers. Serve clients with suitable profiles and cohesive working culture keeping their satisfaction in mind. Search, screen, shortlist, establish contact, initiate meeting between members and give success stories. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Training Manager Keyskills relationship building english customer focus quality service good at communication manager customer service customer service manager clients give cream Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Matrimony.com ltd Website http://www.bharatmatrimony.com/ Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (E-commerce, Dot coms, Web Solutions) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details