TITLE: PHP...

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : The role of a Senior software engineer should undertake assigned work and manage relevant processes, people and or projects. Should manage people either directly or indirectly to deliver the agreed process or projects. Develop and apply the relevant skills and knowledge to operate competently as a team leader/ manager and develop the skills within the team. Should take the responsibility for the work assigned to him or his team produces ensuring high levels of attention to detail. Primary Skills: Must have the excellent knowledge in LAMP ( Linux, Apache, Mysql and PHP) . Must have the good knowledge in presentation layer ( HTML, CSS and JS) . Must have the good knowledge in Ajax / Jquery. Must have the knowledge in any 2 open source tools ( Drupal, Magento, Wordpress, Joomla and so on) customization. Must have the knowledge in MVC framework and any 2 frameworks knowledge in PHP ( CodeIgnitor, Zend, Cake PHP, Symphony , YII etc. ) Must have the experience in interacting with internal customers. Must have good communication skills. Secondary Skills: Knowledge in Ruby on Rails will be added advantage. Experience in handling Team will be an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php linux mysql wordpress drupal joomla apache ajax magento knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Professional Hunt Professional Hunt offers end-to-end recruitment solutions for all Industries. We focus on providing Executive Search and Recruitment services to our client organizations. Professional Hunt offers a unique approach to recruitment and our focus has always been on the middle and the senior management talent needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details