TITLE: Customer Care Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Responding & resolving customer inquiries and complaints. Maintaining records, reports and files relating to service procedures and equipment handling. Managing service roster and other internal administrative tasks. Should be proficient in communication & computer skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills service complaints administrative handling maintaining procedures customer care executive roster managing computer skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Celfrost Innovations Pvt. Ltd. The Middleby Corporation is a global leader in the foodservice equipment industry. The company develops, manufactures, markets and services a broad line of equipment used for commercial and residential food cooking, preparation, and processing. The Middleby Corporation has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of the Best Companies every year since 2005, most recently in October 2013. Middleby has been on a major expansion spree in the past 5 years and has acquired over 30 leading equipment manufacturing brands during this period. The company reported a turnover of $1.5 billion last year and its stock was rated as number two at NASDAQ in terms of return to its shareholders. Middleby Celfrost was formed in October 2013 post the acquisition of Celfrost which is the leading equipment distributor in India with a national coverage. Middleby now has its own sales, distribution and service network through the country for its own brands and supports its global partners like Dominos, Pizza Hut, KFC, Subway, Haldiram, Chill\'s, Mc Donalds, Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, Costa, Lavazza, Red Mango, ITC-WelcomGroup, Radisson, Taj, Trident, Westin, Meridien, JW Marriot, Holiday Inn, Hilton, Hyatt, Easyday, Reliance Fresh, Spencer\'s, Nature\'s Basket, Aditya Birla, BR, Amul, Ranbaxy, Apollo Hospitals, , Dr. Reddy\'s, Pepsi, Bharat Petroleum, PVR directly. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details