TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVES (POST2)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage entire Sales life-cycle including cold calling, prospecting, lead qualification, product/service presentation, proposal presentation and sales closure. Developing a database of qualified leads through referrals, telephone canvassing and cold calling. Handling existing accounts, client servicing. Area Mapping, cold calling, prospecting, negotiation, freezing on commercials and closing of deals with necessary documentations. Building and managing strong relationships with customers. Generate business leads through Elance, GURU or ODESK portal .Looking out for potential business customers & target client & indulging in business negotiations. Identify and develop business opportunities Protect the groups value by proposing changes and improvements. Work independently in a business start up environment. Keep customer relationship management system up to date on a daily basis. Maintaining contact and opportunity information completely, accurately and in a timely manner. DESIRED PROFILE Minimum 2 years of professional experience. Hardcore sales experience with consistent achievement of new sales targets Excellent telephone and selling skills. Experience selling such digital services as Web designing, E-commerce, Customised software ,SEO, PPC, SMO with mid to large sized companies or must understand the web services like website /application development and must be able to explain those to the clients. Prospecting to establish new accounts and extending business in existing accounts. Should be able to cultivate / engage CMOs, Marketing Directors of our Services. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills business development selling cold calling seo elance selling skills odesk website prospecting portal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. Dextrous Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. is a full service internet company located in India providing quality web solutions, website design, web development, domain registration, e-commerce, network & hardware and IT consultancy services, multimedia presentation and maintenance services to businesses of all types and sizes. We are known for our talent, passion, work ethic and building ongoing long term relationships and commitment through support and maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details