TITLE: SEO...

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Device winning strategies for clients and create value addition for their businesses. Manage the content of the sites, driving traffic, and working with colleagues to improve conversion rates and site functionality. Work with the team to contribute to site developments for new campaigns and projects Liaise with third parties to increase web traffic, drive loyalty and customer recruitment by supporting in the development and promotion the website. Work with external media partnerships to build and develop marketing relationships, new initiatives and sponsorship arrangements. Regularly evaluating and reporting on website & promotional activity Skills Required - Should have at least one year of SEO experience - Will have a thorough understanding of websites and their functionality; CMS platforms, e-marketing, SEO, HTML etc in addition to MS Office literacy. - You will be I. T. literate with an advanced level of Microsoft office proficiency. - Able to work at a fast pace and with discretion. - Have strong organisational and skills and ability to prioritise. - Have strong writing and communication skills. - Knowledge of Marketing through Social Networking. - Knowledge of Google Analytics and Webmaster tool - Understanding of Search Engine spider behaviour. - Extensive understanding of the search engine industry, industry standards, best practices, search engine algorithms and ranking strategies. - Proven ability to build an SEO culture within the workplace - Experience of writing copy and managing PPC and SEO campaigns Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills recruitment development seo ms office website ppc cms social networking html google analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: YNG MEDIA At YNG MEDIA, we provide effective digital marketing services by implementing the best of technology, creativity and analytical expertise. After serving over 400 clients to their satisfaction & being in the market for years, we have equipped ourselves to provide you with the best results for all your marketing campaigns. Based in Delhi, we are a team of over 100 young and energetic digital marketing professionals. Taking a cue from close to 2000 successful projects and campaigns, we do not believe in run of the mill products and services. Unlike other Delhi advertising agencies, we at YNG MEDIA look at digital media marketing as a mix of art and science with tailored & customized solutions based on your end objectives & requirements. Another big differentiator is that we have a self motivated team which just requires a challenge & some obscene amount of coffee to make your campaign a success. Though we do not like blowing our own trumpet and let results speak for themselves, it is indeed a feeling of pride for us to have received countless appreciations and testimonials from our large clientele. Some of our clients have gone on to certify us, unofficially, as the best digital marketing firm and we dont really see a point in contesting their views. We may not know what you are looking for but we are quite certain we have a great plan for your business. And a lot of coffee as well, so why not comes over for a little chat at our office. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details