TITLE: Senior Associate Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sapient GSS We are Publicis. Sapient. For twenty- five years we've been partnering with some of the worlds most recognized companies, helping them transform their brands and their organizations to meet ever- changing market conditions and customer expectations. We operate three major divisions: SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services?diverse industries, capabilities, and expertise, united by like- minded people who want to make an impact on the world. None of the game- changing work we do?whether for brands, capital and commodity markets, or government agencies?would be possible without our operations team of over 1000 people, which we call Global Shared Services (GSS) . Sapient's GSS is a strategic group that that helps bring our award- winning work and culture to life: hiring and supporting the best and the brightest, promoting our dynamic organization, and propelling our aggressive financial growth. And when we say ?global, ? we really mean it. GSS people are connected across 36 worldwide offices and counting, giving them access to different cultures and experiences while ensuring Publicis. Sapient has the reach and unity of a global company with the approachability and responsiveness of local services. If youd like to be part of not just creating success, but creating impact?for yourself and for Publicis. Sapient?start at the foundation: Sapients Global Shared Services. JOB PURPOSE Internal Audit supports the companys internal control and enterprise risk management activities by conducting audits, performing special projects, advising on policy and internal control design, testing of controls, as well as performing other consultative and investigative activities as appropriate. Candidates should have excellent communication and relational skills and should enjoy working in a fast paced, highly engaged, transformational team environment. This position reports to Manager of Internal Audit. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES - Conduct financial, operational, compliance audits and special projects. - Provide suggestions for improving internal controls, operational efficiencies and effectiveness during process reviews. - Provide recommendations to management for the development of processes, policies and procedures. - Complete assigned tasks and responsibilities within budget and timeline. Willingness and ability to travel up to 25%. - Assist the Manager of Internal Audit in preparation and execution of the Annual Audit Plan. - Correspond both orally and in writing with internal and external parties SKILL REQUIREMENTS - At least 3 years of progressive experience in Internal Audit. - Chartered Accountant (equivalent certification) or relevant experience to support a strong understanding of process and systems controls. Additional certifications like CIA, CISA and CFE would be an advantage. - Excellent verbal / written communication and presentation skills. - Ability to work outside standard business hours when necessary. - Ability to work effectively with project teams and clients. Business Knowledge: Domain experience would be a plus. Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/ self- motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi- task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure EXPERIENCE 3 Years EDUCATION Chartered Accountant, 2009/ 2010 pass out or relevant experience to support a strong understanding of process and systems controls. BUSINESS UNIT Global Shared Services About Sapient Sapient, part of Publicis. Sapient, is a global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing, and technology. The company operates three divisions that enable clients to gain a competitive advantage and succeed in an increasingly digital world. SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services fuse insight, creativity, and technology to drive innovation and to help clients navigate complex business problems. Our approach is the subject of case studies used by MBA programs at Harvard and Yale. The company has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. For more information, visit http:/ / www. sapient. com . Follow us on: Twitter: @SapientIndia Facebook: facebook. com/ SapientIndia Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Keyskills internal audit mba internal control operations cisa enterprise risk management travel shared services policies operational Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details