TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Senior member of coding and development team To prepare effort estimate on RFPs Active member of planning and implementation of project Provide technical assistance and support to subordinates Primary skills: Senior member of coding and development team. Minimum 2 - 3 years of experience as Senior Developer. Minimum 1 years experience coordinating and/ or supporting IT business processes. Minimum of 3 - 4 years of experience in application development using Microsoft technologies. Minimum of 2 years of experience in active development using . Net 4. 0 and above framework. Mandatory experience in AJAX, JQuery, JavaSciprt Framework, RAD application development ( Telerik/ Infragistics) . At least 1 year of experience in Windows Application development and 2 years experience in Web Application development. Mandatory experience of 2 years in SQL Server programming, design patterns, Object oriented designs, MVC architecture. Mandatory experience in developing and deploying Azure applications and Azure cloud services, TFS based development, LINQ, Entity Framework, Parallel Tasking, & onsite/ offshore development methodology. Experience with SQL Server Database design and Scalable Data Structures & client handling will be an added advantage. Should have working experience in at least one legacy application development ( ASP/ VB/ MS Access/ VBA) . Critical thinking and problem solving skills. Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Planning capability. Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server ajax development jquery asp vb design patterns application development data structures coding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PROFESSIONAL HUNT Professional Hunt offers end-to-end recruitment solutions for all Industries. We focus on providing Executive Search and Recruitment services to our client organizations. Professional Hunt offers a unique approach to recruitment and our focus has always been on the middle and the senior management talent needs. Professional Hunt is a small but a hard-working consulting firm based in Chennai. We take this opportunity to thank you for your trust and support in our capabilities without which none of this would have been possible. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details