TITLE: Applied Mechanics Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Perform finite element modeling and simulations using ABAQUS/ANSYS/HYPERWORKS or other FEA software. - Successfully apply FEA in early product development stage to assess structural integrity risks and optimize mechanical performance. - Assist team in development of robust mechanical design by imparting knowledge of material properties, strength of materials, component-level mechanical testing etc. - Assist team in material testing (tensile, hardness, impact, bend etc.) as per the ASTM (or other industry recognized) standards. - Work with SMEs on material failure analysis to determine the root cause of failure and make recommendations to the teams. - Verify/validate FEA models by experimentation, hands-on experimental testing and tear down of failed products. - Develop new simulation tools/capabilities as needed - When required help teams to perform appropriate testing to verify product meets design requirements. - Train and/or provide work direction to technicians and less experienced engineers. - Develop and coach others on engineering documentation required as project deliverables. - Lead engineering teams to the successful completion of project goals. - Demonstrate product development knowledge through coaching and delivery of high quality project deliverables.Masters (or higher) degree in engineering (mechanical, biomedical, or equivalent) with 3 years of experience. - Finite element analysis (FEA) and highly non-linear simulation knowledge is required. Experience with non-linear material behaviors of plastics, rubbers, metals, and a shape memory alloy is preferred. Familiarity with the mechanics of soft tissues is a plus. - Previous experience with finite element analysis software, such as ABAQUS, ANSYS or HYPERWORKS, is required. - Strong independent problem solving and analytical skills required. - Previous experience in material testing (tensile, compression, impact, bend, fatigue etc.), failure analysis, and related equipment is a plus. - General engineering design principles, basic knowledge of design of experiments (DOE), design optimization, free-body diagrams and close-form solutions is preferred. - Familiarity with SolidWorks CAD software is a plus. - Ability to work effectively both in a team setting and independently, and manage multiple projects concurrently. - A willingness to learn and adopt new methodologies and skills, and accept new challenges and responsibilities. - Writing skills required to produce high quality technical reports. - R&D / NPD experience in medical device industry is preferred.Excellent Communication, presentation and interpersonal skills with proficiency in English (verbal and written). - A positive attitude, innovative and creative thinker. - Responsible risk taking and risk management. - Experience in working with global and virtual team and working in a cross cultural environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills cad product development solidworks modeling ansys abaqus engineering design simulation finite element analysis documentation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Scientific Our products and technologies are used to diagnose or treat a wide range of medical conditions, including heart, digestive, pulmonary, vascular, urological, women\'s health, and chronic pain conditions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details