TITLE: Database Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Substantive (3-4 years) experience providing database administration in the following environments - MS SQL Server 2008/2012. Expertise on Installation, Backup, Restores/ refreshes, etc. Must have worked on Log shipping, Replication, DB Mirroring, Migration, performance tuning, Cluster environment and DTS/SSIS. Expertise in mentoring and coaching peers. Ability to deal with conflicting deadlines on a regular basis when managing work packages associated with projects. Proven experience in Database Technologies and able to Architect / Design / implement a DB solution which meet client requirement of High Availability, Performance and Reliability in one or more of the following, Oracle, DB2 UDB, MS SQLServer, Sybase and Informix. Good working knowledge of Windows Server/2008/2012 Operating environments. Ability to utilize various tools to provide system management functions such as: system backup/recovery, code promotion, system monitoring. Ability to perform software upgrades, and apply patches. Ability to formulate overall strategies and support development effort in areas of major difficulties and organizational complexity. Risk awareness is vital. A simple change can have major unintended consequences. Recognized Leadership/Management skills for working in a stressful environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills development sybase ssis database administration performance tuning windows server informix dts functions replication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Logicsoft International Private Limited? Logicsoft offers end-to-end software services for the Internet space Covers a range of services including Business Consulting and Technology consulting for Internet businesses, Package Implementation, Web publishing (websites/portals), Online Applications Development for business and Web Promotion and Maintenance Services The beginning: Logicsoft was founded in 1995 in New Delhi by a team of entrepreneurs from prestigious engineering institutions of India to consult, design, develop, implement and support the then emerging Internet space in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details