TITLE: Lead ASP.NET Web Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Skills: Hands-on software development experience with the . NET platform, including C#, VB, and ASP. NET Hands-on SQL database programming and administration experience, including with SQL Server 2005/2008 Strong understanding of XHTML/HTML5, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, and related Web 2. 0 standards Strong understanding of web technologies, i. e. HTTP, SOAP, SOA, XML, etc. Strong problem solving, debugging, and analytical skills Good written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Desired Skills: Knowledge of browser compliance issues, SEO and accessibility standards Knowledge of integration and best practices with regards to blog and social networking Knowledge of integration and compliance issues with email marketing and deliveries Knowledge of integration and best practices with regards to affiliate and referral systems Microsoft/. NET Certification is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills seo email marketing software development problem solving social networking soa xml javascript http vb Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PropMatrix Technologies Pvt. Ltd. PropMatrix is most trusted & best known real estate software as a Service (SaaS) model customer relationship management (CRM) solutions to real estate agents & Developers which makes sales, leasing, business management and marketing of real estate easy and fast. PropMatrix\'s extensive features list helps you delight your clients with the professional & personalized touch in all your interactions with them whether you are sending out a report on properties matching their interest or sending a reminder through an SMS before every pre-scheduled site visit. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details