TITLE: Senior IOS Engineer/ Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: strong> p> Participate actively in the scoping stage of a project li> Ability to drive prototype development in quick and effective bursts li> Work with Product and Project teams to understand, clarify, and shape requirements, and translate these into technical requirements li> Lead small (2-3) teams in to the development stage of an Apprsquos lifecycle li> Make technical decisions and effectively steer the pace of development li> Maintain an interface with the client, product/ project and QA teams to clarify requirements, communicate issues and status, provide inputs relevant to schedule li> Champion and adopt good software development practices, tools and methodologies within the team li> ul> Desired Skills and Experience: strong> p> 4-6 years experience developing iOS applications li> 2 years experience leading small development teams for iOS app development li> Proactive leadership and ownership traits li> Thorough knowledge of Objective-C, Core Data and the overall iPhone SDK li> Strong understanding of mobile application design fundamentals, best practices and architecture li> Excellent communication skills - written and oral li> Ability to work effectively in an Agile/ SCRUM programming environment li> Preferable: experienced in OOD/ OOP strategies, Design patterns li> Preferable: experience working with clients from the U. S. li> ul> p> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development tools proactive software development mobile application objective c prototype design patterns scrum iphone sdk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Impressico Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd Impressico Business Solutions, a CMMi Level 3 company based out of Delhi/NCR, India with global offices in London, New York & California has been in business over the last 15 years. Impressico comprises of talented, dynamic and experienced SME - Subject Matter Experts who have collaborated to offer innovative, out of the box and efficient solutions to their clients. Impressicos management team believes that the current IT era stands on four pillars, viz. Social Media, Mobile Applications, Analytics and Cloud Solutions (SMAC) and has endeavored to expertise in all four. Impressico also offers Software Services and IT enabled Services to its client base worldwide US, UK, New Zealand, Australia, Europe and Southeast Asia and many more. Impressico helps align the IT infrastructure and processes within an organization to gain operational efficiencies. It executes creative campaigns using the digital media to drive business goals. The back end support team helps the client focus on their core strengths, reduce costs and drive profitability. Impressico enables revenue growth, productivity improvement and cost reduction by leveraging cutting edge technology to enhance the quality, context and flow of information between clients and their key constituents. Impressico facilitates enhanced client servicing and build strong associations Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details