TITLE: SEO ...

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES raquo Understanding Client Requirements and functional specifications raquo Designing, developing, maintaining and optimizing secure and scalable multi-tier web applications. raquo Testing the website and identifying any technical problems and hitches. raquo Uploading the web site onto a server and registering it with different search engin. Skills: HTML/CSS, Internet Marketting, Keyword Discovery, Word Tracker etc. Apart from technology: 1. Passion for SEO and internet marketing 2. Outstanding ability to think creatively, and identify and resolve problems 3. Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere 4. Ability to clearly and effectively articulate thoughts and points 5. High levels of integrity, autonomy, and self-motivation 6. Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills. 7. Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. 8. Experience with website analysis using a variety of analytics tools including Google Analytics as well as internal reporting tool. 9. Experience working with popular keyword tools (Google, WordTracker, Keyword Discovery, etc) 10. Experience working with CMS and building/administering content in CMS environments. 11. Desired: Knowledge of HTML/CSS and website administrations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills internet marketing project management server seo tools analytical website cms google google analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Php Expert Group Pvt. Ltd. Php Expert Group goal is to offer effective and affordable web design and hosting for small businesses, professionals and families. You may already have been advised that you are losing behind because you are not on the World Comprehensive Web. With all you have to do to keep your organization and near family members going, how are you going to launch a web page too? In contrast to newest media type, I do not believe that a web page is the end of the road when it comes to your organization or your fulfillment. At Php Expert Group, We view a web site as an additional tool to assist your efforts in delivering information, ideas or goods. Plus, with good experience in marketing, communications, electronic publishing and web design, We possess the know-how to help you every step of the way! Whatever your Internet needs, Php Expert Group can deliver a comprehensive web site design and hosting at a price you can afford. Take some time to explore our web site, and you will see for yourself! PHP Expert Group provides companies world with professional full-service web development and marketing services. The objective of the team at PHP Expert Group is to provide top high quality alternatives and provide appropriate assistance to the clients. All companies are different from one another and we spend a lot of time in understanding the needs of the business and the clients which helps us to use the right sources and make the right methods so that provide high tquality strategies can be provided thereby ensuring finish customer care. Different alternatives are provided by our team like Website Development, Website Design, SEO Services, Content Management, Mobile Application besides the many others which do wonderful things for the internet marketing technique of our clients.e-Commerce Development, and advanced corporate and expert applications. In each situation, after analyzing the needs of your company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details