TITLE: Windows Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION:- 2-4 years of web application development experience; with 1-2 years of experience on mobile application development Design, development and debug native Windows 8 Mobile apps from specifications (with C#). Must have strong knowledge of C# Programming, OOPS, Data Structures, Design Patterns & multi-threaded applications. Good knowledge and experience of JSON, XML, XAML, REST. (Especially posting requests and parsing of XML/JSON responses). Good experience in using of local database and using application storage to manage user data Personally architected and implemented applications available in the Windows mobile phone marketplace. Very good experience in XML, XSLT, HTML 5, CSS, Java Script, JQuery using Microsoft technologies- C#, ADO.Net, Asp.net Good exposure to mobile application platform like Cordova Prior experience in MVC, web services development and integration Certification on .NET Framework 4.0/4.5, Web Applications Development Roles and Responsibilities:- Responsible for arriving at suitable technical implementation methodology Responsible for translating the functional requirements to appropriate design and technical implementation Code review, Code refactoring, Unit test case preparation and unit testing Improving and enforcing coding standards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills windows jquery design patterns mobile application data structures mvc coding json windows mobile unit testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Swaran Soft Support Solutions Pvt. Ltd. SwaranSoft is one of the leaders in IT solutions and services in India. Founded a decade ago by our founder Mr. Yogesh Huja, the company has grown leaps and bounds to the position of trust and respect from our valued customers. Our customer centric approaches for services which are best suited for your business are our benchmark. The vast reservoir of expertise supporting us, we have what is required for rendering ideas into tangible reality IT solutions. We are always in the process of re-inventing ourselves for improving in accordance to the new technologies for serving our clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details