TITLE: Dot Net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 2-4 years of software development experience with C#, Silverlight, .Net programming, WCF Web services, SQL and VSTF 2008\2010. Experience working through the full product cycle from initial design to final product delivery. Should have hands-on experience in C# and developing Tools Strong cross-group collaboration and influencing skills. Self-driven and ability to work with minimal direction and in a team to research innovative solutions to challenging business/technical problems. Demonstrated ability to work at the tactical and strategic levels of IT initiatives. Team player and driven towards self-improvement, development, and achievement. Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating, and decision making skills. Desired Candidate Profile Minimum 2 years of software development experience with C#.Net programming, SQL and VSTF 2008\2010. Strong basic CS concepts and OOPS skills Self-driven, independent thinker, contributor and developer Strong analytical skills with excellent problem solving abilities. Ability to work to deadlines and as a team member. Should be able to understand and handle tasks independently. Strong communication / interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills tools software development sql web services experience problem solving abilities decision making skills c net strong analytical skills programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iCore eSolutions Pvt. Ltd iCore is a team of individuals with diverse functional and technical expertise focused on solving business problems by developing customer centric application and e-business solutions. iCore is a place where one learns about the professionalism, ethics, values and importance of client\'s requirements and how to solve them efficiently using their product engineering and technology expertise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details