TITLE: Dot NET Module Lead / SSE

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a . Net Module Lead, you will be expected to be hands-on, and work in teamindependently to drive system level software design from concept through to final test. The Technical Lead is responsible for design and implementation of key sub-systems entire system. The role demands leading the DevelopersSenior Developers in delivering high quality software with in the project budget and timelines Responsible for the design of module(s) which are part of a sub-system system Prepare the designsolution for the componentmodule from the requirements Implement and perform unit test for the assigned componentmodule Involves himself in design review and code review as a peer reviewer Responsible for writing the unit test case and executing the same Responsible for writing the unit test case and executing the same Operates as part of an Agile Scrum team and follows the software development life cycle as decided by project team and gives input to improve the same Educational Qualifications: BE or B. Tech in Computer Science IT MCA Any Engineering Graduate with at least 4 years of development experience in . Net based development. Should have 4 yrs of Experience on Asp. net , ADO. NET, SQL Server Web applications. Should have Good Exposure to Design Patterns Should have Knowledge on MVC 3 MVC 4 Proficient in automated unit test development practices and design methodologies Strong Analytical abilities, excellent technical capabilities, good communication skills, ability to work in challenging environments displaying and adhering to team values. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills sql server development mca design patterns module software design computer science code review design review ado net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Inflectica Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Technological innovation goes at the speed of light and businesses must comply with to meet the requirements of the modifying platform with a key focus on ever modifying customer needs. Inflectica was created by Market professionals targeted to recognize the company pain points exposed with each new software technology move. Our continuous instant growth is proof of the confidence our customers encounter daily. Building on more than 3 years of experience we add real value to companies through sector skills plus alternatives with proven success in the field and outstanding assistance. Our unique onsite/offshore international distribution design is advised by dedication to customer full fulfillment.Organized by straight industry as well as assistance line, we know the specifics of your company and provide alternatives with perfection you require. Let us use our IT, company procedures and ideal talking to to help you help company, with little risk and interruption.Give your company greater versatility, higher performance and lower costs. Position your company to flourish now and in future. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details