TITLE: Tech Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities An aspirant for Mobile Applications on the Android. Take strong hands on role to build software based on high level technical requirements and guide junior team members as team expands. Research technical and development issues in the mobile space and provide concrete and compelling solutions. Coordinate with on-shore mobile technology lead throughout the SDLC process from technical design specs, development, unit testing, bug fix, performance testing and Integration testing. Perform weekly code reviews and code coverage for high performance. Maintain Source Code Versions, perform release builds and maintain releases. Provide tech Support and hands on support for any Emergency issues. Take product ownership and responsibility for product quality. Requirements Background 4+ years of experience in software development with aB.E. / B.Tech. / M.E. / M.Tech. / M.S. in Computer Science, electronics or related field from a premier institute. Experience in Mobile App development usingAndroidSDK and should have developed sufficient apps. Skills 4 years experience in software development - preferably with e-Commerce applications. 5 years of experience developing enterprise class applications on Android. Experience with other mobile platforms including Blackberry and Android is a plus. Demonstrated expertise with Object Oriented Programming, Design Patterns, Multi-threaded applications and designing overall Systems Architecture. Good understanding of network protocols such as TCP/IP and HTTP and experience with client-server applications interfacing via XML. Experience working in an Agile /SCRUM development environment Experience in source code version control, release builds and configuration management Personal Impact:Our casual company culture boasts innovation, collaboration and harbors a unique entrepreneurial spirit. The right people will. . . Understand the unique challenges and tremendous opportunities associated with a rapidly growing fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, with the ability to deal with ambiguity but equally the freedom to explore and innovate. Manage a continuously evolving sets of priorities when everything (really-everything!) is important.You cant get overwhelmed or sidetracked easily. Be vocal with idea generation; speaking-up fuels discussion, ideation and group-think. 98% ideas may fly by the way side but your impenetrable spirit allows the other 2% to soar! Your voice defines the value you bring to the organization. Maturity to work goals at hand, but alsoable to consider overall strategies of the firm and create opportunities previously unseen. Understand power of ownership culture;built on principles and values that compel everyone at Fareportal to think and act like an owner of the business Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills xml development android software development design patterns blackberry performance testing sdlc configuration management http Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fareportal India Pvt Ltd. Fareportal India Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details