TITLE: Oracle Admin 5-8 Years Pune, Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Key skills required for the job are: Oracle Admin (Mandatory) For Retained Apps As a Lead Administrator, you should be able to act as a Single point of contact for the technical tower in front of the customer management. Ensure proper communication and quick resolution as a crisis manager. Responsible for Vendor Management and people management. Drives day to day operations and work plan allocation/management. Conduct periodic reviews with teams. Weekly and monthly status reports to higher management. Participate in business meetings with various stake holders. Take corrective actions based on the customer satisfaction surveys. Drive service improvement programs. Ensure adherence to quality / security standards defined for the engagement Perform Trend analysis, identify top few incidents and work with respective teams/individual to minimize the incidents. Effort estimation/reviews on need basis for new projects. Minimum work experience:3 - 8 Years Skill and Experience Details: Minimum Experience Required: 5-8 YEARS Mandatory Skills: Oracle Admin Database High Availability, Database Admin, Database Performance Tuning, Database Consulting, Infra Performance and Optimization, Vmware Admin Desirable Skills: Language Skills: English Language Job Description: Key skills required for the job are: Oracle Admin (Mandatory) ArcGIS As a Lead Administrator, you should be able to act as a Single point of contact for the technical tower in front of the customer management. Ensure proper communication and quick resolution as a crisis manager. Responsible for Vendor Management and people management. Drives day to day operations and work plan allocation/management. Conduct periodic reviews with teams. Weekly and monthly status reports to higher management. Participate in business meetings with various stake holders. Take corrective actions based on the customer satisfaction surveys. Drive service improvement programs. Ensure adherence to quality / security standards defined for the engagement Perform Trend analysis, identify top few incidents and work with respective teams/individual to minimize the incidents. Effort estimation/reviews on need basis for new projects. Minimum work experience:3 - 8 Years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Unitforce technologies Pvt. Ltd. http://www.uftech.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details