TITLE: Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Perform a variety of accounting reconciliation functions to report financial information in an accurate and timely manner. Follow-up with banks and lines of business at client-end for closure of accounting open items. Maintain data and records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and reporting requirements. Produce monthly reconciliation statements. Essential Functions: - Analyze, validate and process transactions as per Desktop procedures (L3 & L4). Reconcile bank to ledger transactions for all accounts. - Analyze and research all discrepancies. Investigate and resolve outstanding items. - Follow-up with banks and other internal customers for closure of open items and provide back-up for all discrepancies. - Prepare basic financial reports. - Perform mid-month, month-end and quarter-end activities as per documented desktop procedures. - Ensure that the assigned targets are met in accordance with SLA and Internal standards. - Ensure that the quality of transaction is in compliance with predefined parameters as defined by Process Excellence. - Ensure adherence to established attendance schedules. Any other essential function that may occur from time to time as directed by the Supervisor. Preferred Industry Minimum 12 months of work experience in a related field is required. Experience in financial/ accounting processes shall be preferred. (International Process Only) Skills and Knowledge Good keyboarding speed -Basic computer skills, (lotus notes, windows) keying - speed and accuracy Good computer navigation skills Knowledge of basic finance fundamentals/accounting concepts Proficiency in English Communication skills - should be able to read, interpret business documents. Good oral/written communication Analytical and interpersonal skills Team work/ Managing Self / Adaptability Adaptability to change Self disciplined and result oriented Ability to multi task and should have the ability to adapt to and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, or groups. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills accounts reconciliation analytical english documents ledger windows standards lotus notes fundamentals Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Helios Global Services Imagine a workplace free of transactional work, where HR plays a vital role in channelizing people, strategy, contributes its time in value adding activities, leads upfront towards realizing of Organization Vision and dreams shaping into reality. Imagine your headache of finding temporary staff you need is made available to you quickly and easily, imagine that complicated and time consuming activities of managing payroll, compliances, audit and taxation, HR process consulting, employee query resolution and people/process based documentations is the line item for you to approve. Our founder Mr. Vimal Makker, being seasoned professional, came up with this vision of providing value addition to the HR professionals and their Organizations. Helios started its journey in January 2003 and since then we have grown from strength to strength. Helios continues to be on a growth curve and some of the major milestones we cherish are: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details