TITLE: Technical Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should have experience in generating business for software companies in web based solution selling. Experience in domestic market will also be considered. Demonstrated skills in preparation and presentation of bids and proposals. Target oriented and self-driven (a must) Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:IT/Technical Content Developer Keyskills domestic market skills web based content writer interpersonal skills solution selling experience target oriented excellent communication preparation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VOCSO TECHNOLOGIES (P) LTD. We're A Premiere Web Solutions Company VOCSO WEB STUDIO is a credible & professional website design company that has been providing custom website design, web application development and internet marketing services to businesses across the globe. We build websites and applications that focus on simplifying business operations and maximizing ROI. VOCSO prides itself on the ability to create customized web solutions that are unique to each customer and provide the end consumer with the best internet experience possible. Our website design methodology improves user engagement and conversion. We have been helping a wide variety of businesses across the globe grow, by building a successful online presence. We create a great digital experience for our clients and their customers with our affordable website design services. Our focus is fine-tuned to listening to the requirements of our clients, analyzing their goals, and executing the project beyond all expectations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details