TITLE: Core Tech Certification Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: CTCC is looking for talented, fast-learning, and highly motivated individuals who will join the Core Tech Product Certification Team that will examine, validate, and test Trend Micro products against live malware samples. You will be working closely with project managers and software developers to ensure that Trend Micro products provide total protection to our customers. You will test product modules, create test plans and specifications, design tools for automated testing, execute test cases, and report product defects. You will also be working with Core Tech RD Teams to acquire core module specializations focusing on anti-threat solutions. You will also be engaging in research projects focusing on Product Innovations that can help enhance product clean-up capabilities. Requirements: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent Excellent programming skills in C , C#, or PERL Highly proficient in Windows platforms, architecture, and networking (Knowledge in Linux or other OS is a plus) Understanding of the Product Release Lifecycle Development and/or execution of automated testing Skilled in black / white box testing Basic understanding of different web, malware, and security technologies Project Management experience is a plus For internal applicants, basic Virus Training and knowledge on core technology modules are required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills linux perl networking development windows project management test cases module white box testing computer science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trend Micro India Pvt. Ltd. As a global leader in cloud security, Trend Micro develops Internet content security and threat management solutions that make the world safe for businesses and consumers to exchange digital information. With more than 25 years of experience, were recognized as the market leader in server security, virtual security, and small business content security. Trend Micro enables the smart protection of information, with innovative security technology that is simple to deploy and manage, and fits an evolving ecosystem. Our solutions are powered by the cloud-based global threat intelligence of the Trend Micro Smart Protection Network infrastructure, and are supported by over 1,200 threat experts around the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details