TITLE: Research Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of the Role Strategy and Strategic initiatives wouldn?t get enough support to be effective and company may lose out on opportunities. ? Identify potential new solutions and services within existing markets as well as potential new markets to which existing products and services can be provided in either existing or adapted format. ? Ensure that analysis of opportunities covers aspects such as market size and growth; competitive assessment; customer analysis ? Identify and document as is processes supporting the identification of process improvement areas. ? Participate in discussions to solicit feedback and assure agreement/ buy in on process solutions. ? Responsible for the documentation and/ or training. ? Analysis of New and existing Business: Project Management: ? Define project tasks and resource requirements ? Plan and schedule project timelines and coordinate project staff ? Track project deliverables using appropriate tools ? Provide direction and support to project team ? Constantly monitor and report on progress of the project to all stakeholders ? Present reports defining project progress, problems and solutions ? Implement and manage project changes and interventions to achieve project outputs ? Drafting of effective business communications for distribution to internal and external stakeholders Reporting: ? Formulate month end reports and budget forecasting documents ? Participate in the business planning and strategy process by generating and providing an internal factbase on key sales and subscription initiatives. ? Creation and effective presentation of reports and business case documents. Good understanding of power point, excel and word Key Abilities: ? Communicate effectively with internal stakeholders and senior management through comprehensive business cases, written reports and oral presentations. ? Identify trends in large amounts of data, investigate causes and provide succinct explanations to the business. |Core Competencies: ? Works well independently as well as within and across various teams ? Analytical and commercially minded ? Integrative thinking ? makes decisions based on thorough review of all data ? Exchanges ideas clearly and concisely ? Exercises good judgment and professionalism ? Good project management skills ? Negotiation ? Continuous learning and developing ? Detail orientated |Minimum Requirements: ? 3 years? relevant experience and expertise ? MBA in Marketing/ Finance, BBA ?LLB can also apply ? Strong numerical ability ? Excellent writing & communication skills ? Creative problem-solving skills ? Advanced level of Microsoft Excel experience ? Knowledge of both theoretical and practical aspects of project management and of project management techniques and tools |Qualifications/ Experience/ Knowledge |Educational ? 3 years? relevant experience and expertise ? MBA in Marketing/ Finance, BBA ?LLB can also apply ? Strong numerical ability ? Excellent writing & communication skills ? Creative problem-solving skills ? Advanced level of Microsoft Excel experience ? Knowledge of both theoretical and practical aspects of project management and of project management techniques and tools span> p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills project management process improvement forecasting documentation research associate analytical drafting business planning ideas microsoft excel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reed Elsevier India Pvt Ltd Reed Elsevier India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details