TITLE: Data Center Operations Manager, India

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Data Center Engineering Operations Manager, India Responsible for the management of Data Center Engineering Operations (DCEO) within Amazon owned Data Centers or Amazon leased Data Center areas within third party Colocation facilities; including risk management and mitigation, corrective and preventative maintenance of critical infrastructure, vendor management and metric reporting. The location for this job to be discussed, as there may be opportunities in several India locations. Responsibilities: ? Management and leadership of DCEO Engineering Team ? Establish performance benchmarks, conduct analyses, and prepare reports on all aspects of the critical facility operations and maintenance ? Responsible for the on-site management of shift technicians, senior shift technicians, sub-contractors and vendors, ensuring that all work performed is in accordance with established practices and procedures. ? Conducts financial analysis and contributes to financial decisions ? Data Center capacity planning and reporting ? Executes vision and goals for the team or department ? Is active in the training and/or development of others ? Responsible for the operation of and management of both routine and emergency services on a variety of critical systems such as: switchgear, generators, UPS systems, power distribution equipment, chillers, cooling towers, computer room air handlers, building monitoring systems, etc ? Work with IT managers and other business leaders to coordinate projects, manage capacity, and optimize plant safety, performance, reliability and efficiency ? Manage relationship with third party Colocation providers and their facility staff ? Deliver quality service and ensure all customer demands are met ? Procurement for DCEO related expenditure ? May assist in the design and build out of new facilities ? May assist in projects to increase current facility efficiency ? Responsible for asset and inventory management ? Participates in recruiting efforts, continually raises the bar Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills development risk management procurement monitoring procedures network design vendor management layout capacity planning facilities Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications