TITLE: Windows Phone Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Keyskills Windows Mobile Application Developer, Application Developer, C#, .Net, Windows mobile, Software, Development, OOPs, Visual Studio 2008, Visual Studio 2010, SmartPhone, PocketPC Windows, XML Independently drives the design and development of windows phone application/game project with assistance of UX team and can work on the necessary patterns notations and tools. Conceptualize and design Mobile applications based on client need. Provides innovative solutions to build applications for enterprise needs and games etc. Ensures effective data management for each project. Competent to devise proposal documents, define requirements and maintains the quality of deliverables. Adherence to schedule and processes for deliveries. Desired Candidate Profile Minimum years of experience in Windows Mobile Applications and C# .Net Understands Object Oriented Programming and CF 1.0, 2.0 Visual Studio 2008 and Visual Studio 2010 to develop and debug applications for use on Smart Devices. Work experience on SmartPhone as well as PocketPC Windows 6 and 7. Custom component design experience. XML knowledge, experienced with creating and consuming Web Services and knowledge of SOA. Network communication experience. Worked on graphics object. Knowledge in Push notification. Knowledge of C#, .Net, Windows mobile. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml software development soa mobile application graphics windows mobile data management drives tools ux Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iCore eSolutions Pvt. Ltd. iCore is a team of individuals with diverse functional and technical expertise focused on solving business problems by developing customer centric application and e-business solutions. iCore is a place where one learns about the professionalism, ethics, values and importance of client\'s requirements and how to solve them efficiently using their product engineering and technology expertise. A committed team of professionals with different business vertical experience, dedicated to identify & analyze needs and suggest the best tech solutions in order to make businesses run better. A team, prepared to pull alongside with our clients and put our years of experience, diverse backgrounds, education, and burning desire to solve/simplify their business issues. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details