TITLE: Creative Strategist/Online Media Strategist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Effectively build strong relationships with the AM and the SMErsquos to ensure that Performance standards are being met. The Creative Strategists mission is to outline and build online advertising preferences for the clients of WAT Consult. This position will be driving the research, strategy development, Ideation and brainstorming with the internal team to develop web, advertising and technical solutions for the clients. Working with the BD team on creative solutions for expanding client relationships. To be an expert in analyzing the client requirements and the relevant actions to be taken based on the client feedback andor change in client expectations. Oversee multiple teams and projects to ensure on time delivery of the projectstasks. Track progress of the pitch presentations made by the BD team. Tracking progress of the client. Must have a proven track record of effectively handling clients and should be a strategic thinker. Should be able to understand client needs and understand how their needs can be solved by using WAT Consult services. QUALIFICATION Bachelors Degree or Masters Degree in CommunicationAdvertisingMass MediaAny other discipline, Related professional courses would be an advantage. . TARGET INDUSTRIES & EXP Digital Agencies, Media Agencies (social media), Advertising Agency, Creative Agencies. Digital media , online media, social networking Industry 0. 6 - 5 years of experience in a digital agencysocial media agency, of which at least 1 yr in digital production or as a project manager COMPETENCIES Behavioral: Excellent presentation skills with an astute and ability to interact with clients, agencies Detail oriented with an ability to vision client needs before hand and ensure that the service aligns with the client demand Excellent communication skills both written and oral Technical: Usage of social media tools Good working knowledge of Ms Office - Power point, Excel Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills bd social media service social networking digital media usage ideation tools tracking creative solutions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WATMedia Pvt Ltd We are a digital and social media agency that helps brands connect, converse, collaborate and co-create with its target customers. We do this with the intelligent use of digital, social, search and mobile platforms. We are a full service digital agency that delivers across the value chain right from launching a brand via digital to building a brands salience via digital to driving business leads and sales for a brand. Our focus is to bell the CAT which stands for Creativity, Analytics and Technology and we leverage this to deliver across digital campaigns be it media driven or creative led campaigns. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details