TITLE: iOS Developer(iPhone/iPad Developer)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Independently drives the development of an iPhone application with assistance of UX team and can work on the necessary patterns notations and tools. Conceptualize and design Mobile applications based on client need. Desired Candidate Profile Around 2 years of experience in Mobile Applications development. Minimum 1 year of relevant experience in iPhone Applications development. This should include atleast 2 full projects experience building apps for enterprise needs. Ability to conceptualize and design Mobile applications based on client need. Ability to lead and mentor a small team of developer. Strong communication / interpersonal skills. Expert in Xcode, Objective C and iPhone SDK. Good communication skills. Ability to understand business requirements. Should be able to work independently. Provide inputs and directions to associates, lead and mentor a small team of developers, Provides innovative solutions to build applications for enterprise needs and games etc. Ensures effective data management for each project. Maintains the quality of deliverables Adherence to schedule and processes for deliveries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills tools drives data management iphone linux mysql html javascript objective c ajax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Finoit Technologies (I) Pvt. Ltd. Web technologies act as mainstay pillars toward turning the tables in the favor of SMBs. We endorse this very fact. Whether eCommerce solutions, web application development, eLearning or open source solutions, we offer them all. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details