TITLE: Tele Callers

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Responsibilities: Calling to existing customer for their documents, payments etc, also responsible for incoming calls. (Post Sales queries) Address queries and complaints of customers & brokers over the phone, through emails, chats, letters etc. in a timely and effective manner. Communicate with customers brokers over on line chat mechanisms to address and resolve their queries Collect and communicate customer broker feedback in a timely and efficient manner Maintain and update the database with information on the nature of queries and status of resolution Update customers and brokers on the status of their queries and complaints in a timely manner Record all customer and brokers complaints issues received and resolved. Coordinate with the sales team for seeking information on the issues faced and inform the customer broker on same. Desired profile: Candidate with Excellent communication and written skills. Graduate and Preferably from BPO industry need to come. Candidates should be comfortable with calling. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Keyskills bpo payments calling complaints documents post sales chat incoming excellent communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: No Frills Deal Realty Services Private Ltd. No Frills Deal better named as NFD is NCRs sole luxury real estate specialist firm. NFD incorporates proven and skilled state of-the-art techniques specializing in the marketing, listing and selling of new and resale luxury homes, residential communities, condominiums, developed and undeveloped land and commercial and investment opportunities. NFD is a creative, innovative and people-oriented organization providing individual opportunities, personal satisfaction and bountiful challenges to any or all members of the firm. They surpass exceedingly in the tradition of building trust, delivering exceptional customer service and creating values. The true strength of the company lies in the extremely qualified and experienced employees who are trained to cater each and every need of the client in the swiftest manner. The Company ceaselessly endeavors to reinforce its wealth generating capabilities in an exceedingly globalizing environment to systematically reward and fulfill the aspirations of its stakeholders and meet social expectations. NFD is supported on the principle of constant evolution and growth as it is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details