TITLE: Assistant Professor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To assist the Head of the department, Professor, Associate Professor. To perform all such duties to ensure continued enhancement in the quality of patient care through efficient Health care delivery system. To do periodic evaluation / assessment of Undergraduate (MBBS) students by conducting their internal (College) examinations. P. D. Medical Consultation and Inpatient Care. Attending medical casualties and their management. Elective and emergency of department. Arranging CMEs, Clinical Symposia, Workshops and Seminars. Delivered C. M. E. lectures at State & National Medical Conferences. Moderator of Symposis, Seminars & Group Discussions in various conferences. To take classes in Out patient Clinics as well as during Ward Rounds while carrying out Patient Management To maintain records / reports of Medical Statistics concerning the Dept. and to provide the same as and when required by the Administration. Liaison with department: All Medicine deparment, Principal, Professor, Associate Professor, Medical Superintendant, and other departments also when required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills mbbs conferences medical seminars health care group patient care patient associate management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rama University Rama University is a renowned name in the world of education. Recognized by UGC, Government of India, the university is rising as one of the largest educational establishments in the country. Involved in imparting world class education, Rama University has shaped more than 10,000 professionals so far and offers more than 100 courses across 09 specialized fields. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details