TITLE: Security Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Improving Organisational Security framework. Build in house Security capabilities. Work as a Security consultant for Project Engineering & Implementation team. Provide Guidance for Secure Application Development PCI-DSS and PA-DSS Incident and Risk Management Define Security Roadmap for product & deployment. Participate in RFPs & customer meeting MFS Security Consultant Attend internal/external Trainings & Certifications related to security. Also impart secirity trainings to developers & implementation engineers. Perform deployment security audit and assist team on security vulnerability fixes. Under go Security Training and certifications Active participation in security forums Qualifications BE/BTech/MCA Preferably CISO Certified Skills Knowledge base to prepare a plan for improving organisational security framework and involved in internal ISMS audits and improvement of ISMS policy /processes and standards and also helping team to strengthen organisation's IT security. Identifying people and new tools and technologies to build in house capabilities for VA/PT. To provide consultancy to project implementation team for secure deployment of the solution. Responsible for VA/PT of the deployed product which include complete infrastructure. Also providing support to the product engineering team for identifying and mitigate the vulnerabilities. Creating PCI-DSS and PA-DSS implementation guideline for comviva product. Identifying and developing security incident and risk management processes. To prepare a Security road map for Comviva's mobile financial product deployment at client location. To serve as an internal information security consultant to the MFS Project division. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills btech mca risk management information security isms application development tools standards product engineering security Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details