TITLE: Marketing & Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgently Required Sales & Marketing professionalsat different locations in India with experience in selling of Electronic Products like-CCTV, Fire Alarm System, Access Control Systems etc. Job Profile: To introduce existing & new products into the Security Market. To achieve the sales as per forecasted budget. To generate the sales & service revenue for the organization. To maintain the good relationship with customer & ensure the product satisfaction. Tenders & Quotation should be prepared & submitted timely. To ensure the timely dispersal of inbound queries. To ensure the product handling & demonstration in time. Timely collection of payments To interact with the new customer & expand business. To ensure the MIS & other reports should be submitted timely. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills selling cctv mis quotation inbound handling payments fire alarm system access control systems good communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Digitals India Security Products Pvt Ltd Backed by quality and proven by experience, Digitals India Security Products Pvt Ltd is ISO 9001:2008 certified and has over three decades of experience in the security industry. The companys innovation and systematic approach to understanding its customers requirements is proven by the usage of their products in the very stringent, very secure Banking Industry. Established in 1981, the company is headquartered in an 18,000 sq ft facility in Electronic City, Noida which houses its R&D facilities, manufacturing units and the corporate office and has more than 400 employees spread across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details