TITLE: Subject Matter Expert -Textile

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description: strong> p> a) Designation: strong> SME Textile p> b) Main Duties and Responsibilities: strong> 1. Develop and Design textile related skills like Embroidery, Tailoring, Spinning and weaving as per qualification pack/ NOS of sector skill council. 2. Organize Train the Trainer programs. 3. Monitor and drive the training delivery to meet the guidelines of various Govt. skill development programs including placement and self employment. p> The other most important factors (criteria) that you will consider in candidate selection: strong> Should be open for travelling in rural parts of India Experience of textile related vocational training programs. Good verbal and written communication skills. Documentation skills. Proficient in use of computers. p> c) Desired Qualification Level: strong> Graduate/ Post Graduate in Textile design p> d) Most Relevant Experience: strong> 5 years of experience in an organization delivering vocational training for textile trade for SHGs p> e) Most Important Skills: strong> Communication skills in both Hindi and English, Analytical skills, Good at documentation, Well versed with Office operations on computer p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills operations documentation sme english textile spinning communication skills embroidery written communication design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Drishtee Development And Communication Ltd Drishtee is a social enterprise focused exclusively on rural India. But while that puts us in a decidedly exclusive category, it doesnt begin to tell the complete story of who Drishtee is and what makes us special.Thats because Drishtee is as much about character as capabilities. The philosophy that inspired our creation and continues to inform our every move is what enables us to develop truly innovative solutions.Like most great ideas, Drishtee was born from the passionate belief in professional solutions. The founders understood all too well the shortcomings of existing solutions to reach the people at the base of the pyramid and the difficulties and frustrations they inspired. Rather than to accept these challenges, they developed a better way to reach the people at the helm of exclusion Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details