TITLE: Account Manager Managed Services

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Building customer relationship and cross selling of services. Evaluation of business opportunities through different sources. Sending Company Introduction and Proposals. Identification of Lead Sources in the market. Nurturing the Lead Sources for sustainable inflow of business opportunities. Making cold calls to the organizations if required. Ensuring meeting lead generation targets assigned by reporting manager. Sending Proposals to prospects. Follow- up with prospects and responsible for closures. Generation of achieving individual sales target. Close co- ordination with the sales coordinator. Generation of weekly and monthly sales funnel. Conceptualizing & implementing services plans / policies; ensuring accomplishment of business goals. Providing immediate service support to the clients for resolving their issues and complaints in compliance with preset guidelines and rules. Business Development Developing sales plans and value added solutions designed to assure achievement of agreed volume, market share and profit objectives. Conceptualizing & implementing strategies for acquiring business from clients and using potential of the existing accounts. Analyzing latest marketing trends, product performance, tracking competitorsrsquo activities and providing valuable inputs for fine tuning the sales & marketing strategies. Key Account Management Mapping client requirements and providing them customized business solutions through new proposals, presentations and demonstrations. Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and achieving profitability and increased sales growth. Construct and implement profitable long- term account plans. Gain a better understanding of your customersrsquo needs and expectations. Build stronger value- added customer relationships leading to increased revenues. Create support processes that fulfill customer expectations and facilitate best practice key account management. Increasing account revenue and profitability. Team Management Leading, recruiting, training & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales operations and meeting of individual targets. Conducting meetings for setting up sales objectives and designing/streamlining processes to ensure smooth functioning of sales operations. Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters career development opportunities and motivates high performance amongst team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills service key account management accounts team management networking customer relationship cross selling sales operations managed services career development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alethe Consulting Alethe Consulting is end-to-end IT solution provider focused mainly on the IT infrastructure domain. We help customers of all size & domains in doing accelerated business & technology transformation to reduce the total cost of ownership for their IT infrastructure. We aim at delivering innovative and competent solutions and services to our clients globally. Our consultants are enriched with extensive experience in IT Infrastructure Consulting, Design, Implementation & Operations. Our consultants are skilled & certified on all new & innovative technologies available from the complete spectrum of our principle partner companies & have rich experience in delivering them to customers across all industry verticals. We patiently spend quality time & understand the customer requirement, business strategy & operational process to propose a right mix of products & technologies to them which can deliver the best results in an economical way. We are focused on using technology in a way that translates into real, business benefits for our clients. We deliver effective solutions, on time and within budget solutions that are guaranteed to improve productivity and reduce costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details