TITLE: Sr. IT Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Design and implement complex system. Perform systems research, integration, monitoring, and troubleshooting to improve performance, availability, and security posture of key global information systems. Work with various groups and multiple vendors to understand business and application requirements and translate them into IT infrastructure requirements. Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time and be able to prioritize deadlines. Requirements: At least 7 years experience in supporting enterprise wide network environment CCNA or MCSE is a must Strong knowledge on: Networking Firewall Mail System Win2k/ 2k3 and AD Unix/ Solaris knowledge Knowledge of monitoring tools Analytical skills Quality driven Communication skills Leadership skills Project Management skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills networking ccna troubleshooting mcse unix solaris firewall win2k project management skills knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trend Micro India Pvt. Ltd. As a global leader in cloud security, Trend Micro develops Internet content security and threat management solutions that make the world safe for businesses and consumers to exchange digital information. With more than 25 years of experience, were recognized as the market leader in server security, virtual security, and small business content security. Trend Micro enables the smart protection of information, with innovative security technology that is simple to deploy and manage, and fits an evolving ecosystem. Our solutions are powered by the cloud-based global threat intelligence of the Trend Micro Smart Protection Network infrastructure, and are supported by over 1,200 threat experts around the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details