TITLE: Area Sales Manager/Territory/Sr. Sales Engineer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile:- Excellent negotiation & closing sales skills. Excellent Presentation & Oral Communication skills to manage Dealers and key account customers. Can work independently with good organizational skills & excellent written reporting. Can deal with pressure, result-oriented attitude, strong interpersonal skills, flexible and with initiative. Knowledge of computer is required. Willing to Travel extensively. Business Development experience is desirable. Good knowledge of Regional laparoscopy market Laparoscopy sales experience from laparoscopy companies like Storz, Stryker, Richard Wolf, Olympus, Aesculap, Ackermann, Smith & Nephew, SISCO preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development travel direct selling closing strong interpersonal skills knowledge of computer area sales manager result oriented sales engineer organizational skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ACTEON INDIA PVT LTD We are pleased to welcome you to AIPL ( ACTEON INDIA PVT LTD ) and wish you every success in your career. Hope you will have a rewarding experience while working with AIPL. At Acteon we believe in making a difference to our customers through meaningful and sustainable innovations. Our goal is to provide our customers with high quality Products and Services that they expect from an industry leader. This is why we are a leading company today, in the world of dental and medical community. Since 30 years Acteon Group is pursuing product development based on innovation, to offer highest level of product quality, and Service to our valued customers worldwide. Innovation is not only in product technology, but also in clinical solutions to make Dental and Medical practice more comfortable, faster to operate, easier to usewith less pain for the patient. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details