TITLE: Mobile Development Engineers (SE)/ Sr. Engineer (Sr. SE)

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : At least 1.5 years of hands-on experience in mobile software development using J2ME on GSM handsets. Strong J2ME skills - be able to work Bluetooth, GPS, and Multimedia APIs. Must know intricacies of working with major US cellular network operators and J2ME software development environment. Candidates should be able to work independently with little or no supervision ( For good candidates necessary guidance/ training may be provided to deal with network operator related issues, and application signing.) Total Positions: 2. Open Till Filled. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills software development gsm multimedia bluetooth se gps j2me mobile development major deal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rapidsoft Systems, Inc Rapidsoft Systems is an emerging global leader in software and product development services. We are a knowledge driven company that values transparent business practices and provides comprehensive solutions to its global clients. At the very core of our business competency is technology. We are always exploring opportunities to find novel ideas to resolve technical challenges. We take pride in being ethical and in nurturing an environment of openness in all our business endeavors. At RapidSoft Systems, we strive to create an environment that is conducive for new ideas, as well as for efficient, technology driven solutions that help our clients succeed. Our services include product design, IT consulting, outsourced software development and product testing. Rapidsoft Systems employs professionals from the industry with years of experience in their areas of expertise. Our people have been at the forefront of technologies for the past two decades and have written numerous technical and research papers, internet RFCs and standard documents. They have also been speakers at the prestigious IEEE and ACM forums, as well as at conferences and seminars of other industries. We are a US Company with very much in sync with technologies - we are not a programming factory like typical outsourcing outfits. Nor do we want to be. We want to differentiate our work by doing things differently - applying knowledge to solve complex problems - and hopefully, pass on a better future for the next generation for every one. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details