TITLE: ASST. COMMUNITY MANAGER

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : You should be able to use Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin simultaneously. Can write professional emails - so when you send us your resume we will note that. Coordinate between team and public. Handle company communication and should always have things to day - technology wise. What wersquore Looking: Should be able to write content for anything - so you need research skill, and bet client will pay you for that. Be an independent thinker and persuasive communicator. Should be a polite but witty talker. Good interpersonal, communication, organization and time management skills A strong commitment to meet deadlines and deliver above expectations Excellent attention to detail, passion and enthusiasm to do well Self-motivated, positive attitude Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills social media facebook linkedin twitter be time management time management skills attention to detail interpersonal write Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAND & MIND IT ENABLED SERVICES PVT. LTD Sand & Mind ITeS (here after SMITES) is primarily an IT solutions company active in both service and products in the domain of technology and technology assisted products. The company develops software, internet products for in-house concepts and sells its services for product development and/or consulting services. SMITES provides consulting for IT solutions and dedicates its complete operation for creating sustainable solution for businesses and entrepreneurs requirement. Starting the operation from Capital City of India, we started providing consultancy services all over India and even over-seas clients in India. In a year we have expanded our presence from New Delhi to other states of the country starting with Kolkata in West Bengal. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details