TITLE: Team Lead -- QlikView

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The position is part of the Business Intelligence Practice of Impressico and carries two major responsibilities span> li> Providing technical leadership to a team of QlikView developers so as to successfully deliver on schedule any projects assigned to the team. li> Assisting the Practice Head in designing solutions, estimating effort and in responding to requests for proposals in this area. li> The Team Lead strong> -- QlikView will be a part of the Business Intelligence Practice and will be required to: span> li> Study requests for proposal or business requirements provided by prospects and chart out technical solutions to these. li> Estimate the effort required to design, develop, test and deliver solutions to the business requirements of clients. li> Assist the project manager in planning the project, understanding the status at different points in time and in making commitments to the client. li> Ascertain and point out the technical risks involved in any project to be bid for by the organization. li> Transform the business requirements of the client to technical requirements that can be implemented by the developers. li> Guide the developer team in implementing the solution that has been designed, including the provision of coding guidance. li> Review the code created by the developers in terms of various parameters such as correctness, readability, style and others, and to assist them in carrying out any improvements needed. li> Create and maintain the requisite technical documentation for each project carried out by the team. li> Continually upgrade his / her own knowledge and skills in QlikView including the gaining of expertise in newer versions and upgrades released by QlikView, and to keep increasing the understanding of Business Intelligence and different domains. li> Train the programming team in the latest developments in QlikView and assist them in upgrading and sharpening their skills and in growing their career. li> Implement the solution created so as to be usable by the clientrsquos users and team members, travelling to the client site for this purpose if necessary. li> Assist the project manager in complying with all process requirements of the organization. li> Assign tasks to the development team on a day to day basis, monitor their completion and evaluate the quality of work of each team member. li> Such other duties and tasks as may be assigned by the Management from time to time, provided they are in keeping with his / her qualifications, experience and position li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development business intelligence coding qlikview estimate technical documentation upgrade business requirements be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Impressico Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd Impressico Business Solutions, a CMMi Level 3 company based out of Delhi/NCR, India with global offices in London, New York & California has been in business over the last 15 years. Impressico comprises of talented, dynamic and experienced SME - Subject Matter Experts who have collaborated to offer innovative, out of the box and efficient solutions to their clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details