TITLE: HR Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Immediate Opportunity for IT Recruiter(2-4yrs) for US based MNC @ Ascendas IT Park, Hyderabad Job Description: We are looking for an in-house IT Recruiter for a one our clients, a leading developer and supplier of security screening products and services globally known organization, with a company size of 2000 and above, headquartered at California, US. Job Type: Permanent /Full time Location: Hyderabad Exp: 2-4yrs Responsibilities: Handling Full Life Cycle recruitment process Should have excellent knowledge in Technical souring skills. Sourcing most relevant and quality profiles as per the requirement preference on Technical & general aspects. Coordinating with hiring manager and candidates for the interview process. Expertise in using various job portals for active candidates i.e. Naukri.com, Monsterindia.com and other sources for targeting Passive Candidates in the market i.e. Linked In, Mass mailing & References. Managing & coordinating the entire recruitment process right from the manpower requisition till on-boarding. Responsible for independently handled recruitments at the various level, and good at MIS. Provide analytical and well documented reports to the rest of the team Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process Promote companys reputation as best place to work The goal is to attract top talent pool, gain competitive advantage and fuel companys growth. Requirements: Proven recruiting experience Solid ability to conduct different types of interviews. Hands on experience in IT recruiting Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong decision making and negotiation skills Interested candidates forward your profile to sudha@arisehr.com Regards, Arise HR Services 040-40000907 Sudha@arisehr.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arise HR Services India Private Limited Arise Global Services is a skilled and dynamic company engaged in Human Resource Consulting services, primarily concentrating on Information Technology, ITES,BPO services to name a few. We specialize in search and recruitment at all levels and offer cost effective solutions to all employers, regardless of size, to ensure that all business can get quality staff affordably.Our recruitment process involves understanding the company and what they expect in a potential employee. Our firm belief is that each company has its own idea of the perfect employee, of one who would add value to the company as well as fit into the organization. We adopt a personalized approach to each of our clients, which allows us to focus on specific needs. This focused approach helps in reducing lead-time required to close positions.We take this opportunity and offer information about our Business Philosophy, Team, and Management. Arise Global Services is an emerging IT services and HR Consultancy firm, headquartered in Hyderabad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details