TITLE: Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To develop content for the variety of rural entrepreneurs listed above. To develop content for the various skills building programs. Design Training Programs - This includes developing modules; identify best options of delivery (mode of delivery), duration as well as the plan of training. Develop Feedback mechanism on the content for continuous improvement. Design evaluation and assessment system for trainees. Develop and design training manuals and work books for various programs. Conduct extensive training of trainers for effective delivery. c) Desired Qualification Level: Degree or Diploma from a recognized institute in MBA (HRD) or (Rural Development). Very Good command of English and Hindi. d) Most Relevant Experience: Minimum 3 Years experience in content writing. Experience in conducting training programs in rural areas will be an added advantage. e) Most Important Skills: Excellent writing skills in Hindi and English. Very high level of Computer skills. Experience in undertaking research on the internet for content development. . Creative approach with editing skill Understanding the requirement of the target readers and the intention in developing the content f) The other most important factors (criteria) in candidate selection: Understanding of rural life in India. Good knowledge of Training and Management based content. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills mba content writing diploma english hrd rural development options continuous improvement most training Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Drishtee Development And Communication Ltd. Drishtee Development And Communication Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details