TITLE: Operations Trainee

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Daily reporting to the Head of the Department. Coordination with the operations manager. A flexible approach to working. Skills Required: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good knowledge of MS office.. Excellent planning and organizational skills Excellent attention to details. Ability to use own initiative in order to deal with problems which may hinder the delivery of an effective service. Job Responsibilities: To coordinate with the HOD regarding the executions of events. To make cold calls to the existing and new vendors regarding the management of promoters, Anchors, Hostess, Locations (Pan India). Handling necessary documentation as per the events requirement. Coordination with Internal Departments. To plan and prioritize workload in advance. To manage resources for individual events. Ability to manage crisis situations in events in a professional manner Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills operations service events coordination documentation handling organizational skills communication skills knowledge of ms office cold calls Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. has been engaged in offering one stop solution for all business needs of their clients. Working on the philosophy of You Imagine, We Showcase we have created a niche for ourselves in this domain by creating and executing inspirational events flawlessly. Our state-of-the-art infrastructure that is well-equipped with all latest machineries and softwares, can fulfil all of the requirement of our client within specific time frame. Founded with a dream to provide complete media solutions to its clients, we Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. has achieved a distinct identity in our domain because of the hardwork and dedication of our team. By making use of both technology and creativity, the skilled and talented workforce of our organization has successfully executed more than 25,000 events all across the globe. We offer full scale event management services to our clients be it related to web, travel or printing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details