TITLE: Assistant Manager - Campaign Management

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Daily campaign management : creative & campaign recommendations, contracts, campaign approval & optimization for mobile platform. Capable of handling of all type of contracting and formats of promotion like CPL, CPC, CPM, CPS, CPI, CPR. Monitor activity, analyze performance, identify areas of improvement, and recommend ways to increase revenues Manage and maximize existing accounts while continuing to grow a pipeline of new distribution partners. Recruit new inventory (search, email, social, mobile and display). Manage and grow new relations for company. Identify opportunities for growth and scale, trouble-shoot issues, negotiate, resolve problems. Develop campaign recommendations (improving conversion, distribution, creative optimization). Strategize, plan, execute and optimize search and performance-based display campaigns. Attend meetings and trade shows /industry conferences with partners. Own the publisher supply Ecosystem and work towards growing it next level. Requirements: Must have 1-3 years in operations management in a digital advertising company. Knowledge and experience of working on ad-serving platforms such as HasOffers, MAT, Cake, Direct Track, Adtech and others. Must possess a basic understanding of internet media, campaign tracking, optimization and measurement. Handy with MS Excel. Graduate & Post Graduate degree in Marketing, Communications, Advertising, or Business. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Outstanding organizational skills and computer skills (Excel, Outlook, Internet). Ability to multi-task and work under pressure. Team player, proactive, results and goal-oriented. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills accounts conferences handling proactive email pipeline campaign management outlook optimization internet media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vavia Technologies Vavia Technologies started as a web development agency way back in 2008. We have worked with some of the cutting-edge technologies of the time when the world was just getting to know them better. Today, we are the leader in the performance-based mobile advertising space. As more and more businesses Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details