TITLE: Application Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we want We are looking for passionate, hard- working, and talented Technical Support Engineers who have experience supporting innovative, mission critical, high volume applications. You will have an enormous opportunity to work within multiple systems analyzing and identifying the common issues, and driving the teams towards resolution to have a positive impact on customer experience. This job requires you to hit the ground running and your ability to learn quickly and work on disparate and overlapping tasks will define your success. Key Responsibilities: Support engineers troubleshoot, debug, evaluate and resolve computer- identified alarms, perform software deployments and migrations, host management and automate routine operational tasks. The position requires a combination of strong troubleshooting, technical and communication skills and includes a mix of on call and operational tasks and may involve small- project software development work. Support team operates in 24x7x365' manner; involve working in night shifts and on weekends in rotations. Support Engineers also develop tools and automation to achieve human free operations. They use the right tool for the job, and modify software in a way that leverages the overall system architecture. If you have a strong Application Support background, are interested in aggressive growth and have passion to develop tools at large scale, this is the opportunity for you. You will be required to Understand high- level technical aspects of existing systems and services. Provide support of incoming tickets, including extensive troubleshooting tasks. Work on operations and maintenance driven coding projects, primarily in Perl or shell scripts, web technologies. Software deployment support in staging and production environments. Develop tools to aid operations and maintenance. System and Support status reporting. Customer notification and workflow co- ordination and follow- up to maintain service level agreements. Work with support team for handing- off or taking over active support issues and creating a team specific knowledge base and skill set. Apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to our customers' individual needs Providing support directly to Developers and architects to help reproduce and resolve customer issues Driving projects that improve support- related processes and our customer's developer support experienc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications