TITLE: SOCIAL MEDIA SPECIALIST

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills: Working knowledge and real-world experience in planning, managing and executing social media initiatives. Real-word experience planning social media programs that span owned (eg Blogs), earned (eg Facebook) and paid (sponsored tweets). Knowledge of Digital Marketing current best practices and understanding of Digital production processes. Knowledge of social media legal guidelines, including, but not limited to WOMMA and ldquopay-per-postrdquo. Knowledge of Strategic planning and processes for brand management and creative development, including research tools and evaluation of results, especially as related to 360 "Integrated Communication Planning". Knowledge of media strategy and planning options and the media role in integrated communication. Strong negotiation skills. Job Description/ Key Responsibilities: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop marketing and communications plans that leverage the social media space. Own the strategy and the execution of the ideas. Responsible for developing content across owned and earned social channels. This could include blog posts, tweets, status updates, pins, photos and videos etc. Creates, manages and grows business presence across social media channels, including, but not limited to blogs, Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, LinkedIn, youTube and Instagram. Leverages measurement tools to provide progress reports and mine insights, while continually finding ways to improve on those metrics through testing and new initiatives. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills brand management digital marketing social media development strategic planning facebook twitter media strategy linkedin tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliable E Solutions Pvt. Ltd.Â We are Relesol. We create web-based solutions from crowdsourcing to education platforms that help make your lives simpler, efficient and better. We take pride in our work and everything we create is executed with precision and love. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details