TITLE: Technical Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience troubleshooting and correcting Jitter, Latency, and Packet loss across public or enterprise networks using network analysis tools. Description : Experience into VAS industry Implementing Network Access Translation (NAT). Switching Inter-VLAN routing, STP,VLAN,VTP,HSRP,VRRP,GLBP. Operating system knowledge: LINUX, Windows-7, Windows XP. Troubleshooting Managing: Backup and system restore, assembling & dissembling P.C installation of Drivers, P.C Maintenance & troubleshooting. Installing Network printer and local printer. Strong technical and analytical skill. Solid experience in problem analysis and resolution of software problems. Proven ability to function in a self directed environment. Must excel in a fast - paced, agile environment where critical thinking and strong problem solving skill are required for success. Sales support to help re sellers and end users select, optimal installation configurations in a complex network environment. Configuration and Installation of firewall devices. Stablize site 20 site VPN IP Sec, VPN,OPNE SSL VPN through Firewall and router. Ability to handle clients professionally during all interfaces. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills linux troubleshooting vas firewall configuration vpn backup windows xp operating system vlan Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vasonomics Vasonomics is a mobile media and Value Added Services (VAS) provider company, that provides services to various media companies, telecom operators and content providers. We see to it that our solutions and services are second to none and delivery simple, cost effective. In our endeavour to evolve into the most trusted name in the market, we have developed a unique platform, which can be hosted independently and can reside with a telecom/media operator as well. Moving from strength to strength, the company with its profitable and sustainable Channel Business Model is now considered as one of the top players in the field of VAS (value added services). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details