TITLE: Digital Marketing Expert

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying new and innovative areas of research and enhancing capabilities of research team. Efficient in generating qualified leads by LinkedIn Marketing and email campaigns and various other ways in order to facilitate sales of any company. Identify, develop and nurture new business proposals from the prospect by generating some high quality samples for them. Analysing the clientsrsquo competitors and providing them with high quality competitor analysis. Providing Business Reports by doing extensive and intensive research on the internet. Data Analysis and Data Mining for In- House as well as for clients. Hands- on experience of secondary research and using databases like Hoovers, LinkedIn, Jigsaw etc. for prospecting. Handling In- house projects and other management projects in line with the client projects ensuring delivery and quality doesnrsquot get hampered. Providing other departments with high quality leads so that sales prospecting can be easy and efficient. Meeting pre- defined lead generation target by building a strong lead pipeline and progression of leads into further sales stages. Hands on experience of email marketing and how to develop, implement and analyse the campaigns effectively. Social bookmarking and directory submissions for various client sites in order to cater the off- page SEO activities of the company Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills seo digital marketing prospecting email marketing data analysis handling data mining pipeline hoovers secondary research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nethues Technologies (P) Ltd. Nethues Technologies (P) Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details