TITLE: Solution Architect (Big Data)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position reports into the Vice President - Architecture at Roamware and will define the solution and software architecture of the Big Data solution we propose to the customer. Job Description: Design and build scalable infrastructure and platform to collect and process very large amounts of data (structured and unstructured), including streaming real-time data. Work closely across an array of various teams and organizations in the company and industry (including partners, customers and researchers) Desired Profile Educational Qualifications: B. E. / B. Tech. , M. E. / M. Tech. or M. Sc. in Computer Science / Electronics Engineering /MCA/ Statistics Skill Sets: Experience building large scale distributed data processing systems/applications or large-scale internet systems (cloud computing). Strong foundational knowledge and experience with distributed systems and computing systems in general. Hands-on engineering skills. Experience with a range of big data architectures, including OpenStack, Hadoop, Pig, Hive or other big data frameworks. Broad understanding and experience of real-time analytics, NoSQL data stores, data modeling and data management, analytical tools, languages, or libraries (e. g. SAS, SPSS, R, Mahout). Strong interpersonal communication skills. Ability to lead initiatives and people toward common goals. Work Experience: Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills stores cloud computing data modeling mca sas data management data experience real time e Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mobileum Inc Mobileum is Wisdom, not merely intelligence or insight. Our Telco Big Data Analytics solutions promise mobile operators, Just WisdomÂ® from their biggest underutilized asset Data. Mobileum Analytics for Customer Travel, Analytics for Customer Experience and Analytics for Data Monetization solutions analyze peta-bytes of data daily to create revenue generating, experience enhancing Wisdom for 615 operators across 168 countries. In addition to this, Mobileum\'s leading Roaming Solutions portfolio continues to help mobile operators stay on the leading edge of roaming innovation. Mobileum\'s Just WisdomÂ® promise is powered by Roamware\'s rich brand heritage, leadership and proven innovation. Mobileum combines unmatched experience and judgment to unlock value from mobile operator data like never before. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details