TITLE: Campaign Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure each campaign has clear metrics as agreed with the Head of Marketing or leaders and ensure that campaigns are achieving appropriate return on investment in line with corporate goals. Reporting on performance, bounces, complaint rate of all emails sent. Deliver bi-weekly optimization and monthly reporting of results against metrics, including use of web analysis tools such as Google Analytics, email data reports, KPI report evaluations etc. Carry out post campaign analysis to report KPIs and distribute learning for future campaigns. Support in managing the master plan of activity to ensure that individual campaigns dovetail effectively without duplication or over-exposure whilst still achieving individual campaign objectives Complete competitor benchmarking for promotional activity and report regularly to Manager. Academic : Any Graduate/ Any Post Graduate Good to Have: Experience in Email marketing, database marketing & best practices/competencies to include e-mail, direct mail and telemarketing etc. Excellent Knowledge of HTML (editing of html emails), Advanced Microsoft PowerPoint, Word, Excel skills, and Responsive design, Media Query. Good to have experience with Act-ON marketing tool or on tools like mail-chimp, Unica, ExactTarget & covering other marketing automation components like lead generation, lead nurturing, Analytics etc. will be preferred. Advertising, digital and CRM marketing knowledge and experience. Meeting objectives and campaign deadlines. Good organisational skills with the ability to successfully multi task. Personal traits Customer-focused, with the ability to influence and engage direct and indirect reports and peers and build effective relationships Self-reliant, good problem solver, results oriented Able to make decisions in a changing environment and anticipate future needs Self motivated with an ability to thrive under pressure Flexible, collaborative and proactive, a team player who can positively and productively impact both strategic and tactical finance, and administration initiatives Must have understanding of advertising & communication, ability to deal effectively with clients & team members Excellent spoken and written communication skills with creative problem solving skills Ability to operate as an effective tactical as well as strategic thinker Committed to continuous self-development and learning within the marketing field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills telemarketing crm development automation tools academic email marketing analytics proactive html Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: OSSCube Solutions Pvt Ltd OSSCube Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details