TITLE: Customer Engagement Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Purpose of the Job To increase the usage statistics of currently subscribed E - Products of EHS and to do the promotion of our existing as well as new online products. To run promotional campaigns to ensure the country wide exposure to all our existing and new products to keep the existing as well as potential customers engaged. Key Result Areas Main Activities and Responsibilities Customer Engagement To drive Customer Engagement initiatives for accounts thereby creating awareness about E-Products, establishing long lasting relationships with existing customers and building rapport with new/prospective customers Product Trainings To conduct Product Trainings for End Users/Librarians of existing customers reaching out to accounts across geographical locations in South Asia Usage Statistics To keep a track of the usage and drive Usage statistics of E-Products across accounts; take strategic measures to increase the same in accounts witnessing a drop; to keep internal stakeholders informed about the same. Track and Manage Renewal To continue the engagement with customers (key decision makers) and support them with usage and other important data inputs to facilitate the timely renewals and conversion of trials. Sales and Marketing Support To support the marketing team by helping them to connect and engage with key accounts for understanding and fulfilling their marketing needs. Help them come coming up the case studies from key accounts to build value stories. Also help the marketing to understand the sales team requirements and support to Sales team by ensuring timely availability of Sales Promotional materials, Welcome Kits and Market Insights Qualifications Functional and Technical Competencies 1. Foster lasting relationships with various stakeholders at customer's end 2. Understand the problems of customers and troubleshoot 3. Effectively communicate with existing and prospective set of customers for establishing rapport 4. Gain knowledge and disseminate information related to market/industry; competitive intelligence Education, Knowledge, Skills and Experiences (and any other requirements) Any Science Graduate with MBA in Marketing; 4-6 Years of Experience in Marketing & Customer Facing Roles. Should be good with presentations and should have strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills. Team Player Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills marketing support promotional campaigns promotional customer engagement case studies competitive intelligence usage ehs customers sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reed Elsevier India Pvt Ltd Reed Elsevier India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details