TITLE: International Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile: BIM Junction (A division of GeoShot Technologies) BIM Junction is one stop shop for all BIM services. BIM Junction (a division of GeoShot Technologies) provides innovative BIM services and solutions to the AEC (Architecture, Engineering Construction) industry. We provide Structural, Architectural, MEP coordination, BIM 3D modeling, clash detection, clash resolution, construction documentation and 4D/5D/6D integration Services to clients all over the world. BIM Junction has office at Delhi NCR region in India. Our team comprises of BIM experts, CAD specialists, Structural, Architectural, Civil, Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing Engineers. We provide services to clients across North America, Europe, Australia and Asia. We are a company totally committed to qualitative work approach, creativity with innovative ideas. We strive to remain at the cutting-edge of technologies ensuring quality delivery on schedule on various software platforms required by the customer. The recognition received from our clients worldwide is proof of our abilities. With our efficient and flexible workflow, BIM Junction can undertake and successfully complete any major BIM development project. BIM Junction (A division of GeoShot Technologies) is looking for 2 to 5 years experienced and motivated International Business Development professionals for BIM business vertical. The person should have proven track record in generating high value BIM business from North America, Europe and Australia. - proactively lead a team of business analysts - develop new business opportunities in BIM domain in North America / Europe / Australia. - be responsible for identifying new prospects and creating / maintaining a database of prospective customers with key business information - implement sales strategy and achieve sales targets on a consistent basis - develop new business primarily through contacts in Europe, North America and Australia. - identify RFP oportunities and suitable partners - analyze market and competitions - Must be good in writing bids/proposals/business emails and cold calls. Posted on - 2014-12-06 08:30:17 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills real estate mba service development rfp international business development client management ncr cad Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GeoShot Technologies GeoShot Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details