TITLE: Fashion Photo Expert

SKILLS: Fashion Designing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we would like you to do: Assist and collaborate with the head of Fabric Research and Development and the Design Team on seasonal development as well as special projects. Develop illustrations by hand for presentations Fabric R&D Orders Color Swatches for seasonal color cards and assemble seasonal color cards. Update development cards throughout the design process. Assist in commenting and communicating lab dip and strike off comments. Assist in Many fabric related issues that arise on a daily basis. Maintain a fabric library. Assist in the maintenance of the print library Degree / Diploma in Fashion Design / Knitwear Design or related preferred 2-3 years experience with the Menrsquos apparel design process from concept to product Computer graphics experience with knowledge of Photoshop and Illustrator Knowledge of Asian and International Markets. To be a self-starter and creative thinker with ability to interpret seasonal concept Ability to listen and incorporate ideas into new designs or products Ability to follow through on multiple tasks simultaneously Ability to work in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment Adherence to the Calendar , excellent Time Management and Organization Skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Fashion Designing , Merchandising Role Category:Designer Role:Apparel/Garment Designer Keyskills apparel fabric development diploma design process ideas research and development fashion library adobe photoshop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zobello Inspired by our Canadian roots with over 30 years of expertise in manufacturing apparels, fabrics and yarns, Zobello was initiated with a thought to make online shopping for men a more engaging and interactive experience. Our purpose is to provide you the best of clothing and style at the click of a button from the comfort of your surrounding. Discover yourself as a fashionista and we will provide you an exclusive range of products to reinvent your wardrobe every month. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details