TITLE: SAP Basis

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: Manage and Support SAP Technical Infrastructure components that run on ABAP and/ or JAVA stacks. Responsible for Performance Tuning/ Installations/ Documentation/ Upgrades/ Monitoring of SAP Application/ Netweaver Suite of products like ERP, BW, XI, SRM, Portal, GRC on AIX/ DB2 platforms. Research and Install Enhancement packages and SAP delivered Business Content for SAP Applications. Indepth knowledge of ABAP and JAVA monitoring tools for root cause analysis such as CCMS, DB cockpit and SMD. Evaluate Early Watch/ Service Level reports and come up with an action plan to address the gaps on an ongoing basis. Perform Client Copies/ System Refreshes to support QA testing. Knowledge of Transport Management System configurations & ChaRM. Capacity planning activities to track database growth, participates in sizing and SAP archiving activities. Support current SAP DR Strategy and Backup- Recovery/ Configuration/ upgrade/ monitoring of DB2 and Oracle databases in an SAP environment. Develop and maintain UNIX shell scripts required for monitoring alerts and process automation, Work with Unix/ Storage and Network teams to configure systemsand troubleshoot. Have to work in different shift to provide support 24/ 7 and perform on- call responsibilities, which requires a 24times7 pager on a rotational basis Other Learn and stay up- to- date on the architecture and implementation of the business systems applications specifically SAP Work with developers, UNIX and functional representatives to solve Basis level issues. Collaborate and work with project teams Evaluate current technology and recommend tools/ processes for improving availability, reliability, and stability and work efficiencies (within team or acrossdept.) Generate innovative approaches and solutions to complex problems Adapt to integrating new and existing solutions across platforms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java unix db2 abap erp aix configuration sap basis performance tuning netweaver Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aster HR Solutions Pvt Ltd. Aster HR Solutions Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details