TITLE: Product Designer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in executing Product and Design Research Good Data analysis skills & good knowledge of Excel Understanding of Materials - mainly metals and plastics Fluent with Design Software -Solidworks, CAD, and related Ability to prepare sketches of ideas, detailed drawings, illustrations, art work, and/ oblueprints, using drafting instruments or computer-aided design equipment. Knowledge of various prototyping processes Ability to Direct and coordinate the fabrication of models or samples and the draftingof working drawings and specification sheets from sketches. Job Description Ideation of newer products and concepts at a paradigm shift level Generation of Requisition for the Product Development Team Understanding of Basics in Optics, Electronics Scope of Work establishment Sketch Presentations & Reviews CAD Rendering DFMEA Reliability Basics Economic Modelling of Product under development Technology Transfer from R&D to Production Fabrication of Manuals Understanding of Standards and their implementation Product Development Planning Develop and Manage a team of Product Designers, Design Engineers and Graphic Designers taking a product from concept to production Work closely with the Marketing team to generate product insights and also help in company promotion activities. Comply with and further evolve the internal design process Conduct design reviews to make sure the product meets necessary requirements and standards. Conducting technical recruitment to introduce fresh talent in the team. Assist management with product planning and related activities Modify and refine designs, using working models, to conform with customer specifications, production limitations, or changes in design trends. Coordinate the look and function of product lines. Confer with engineering, marketing, production, and/ or sales departments, or with customers, to establish and evaluate design concepts for manufactured products. Present designs and reports to customers or design committees for approval, and discuss need for modification. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills cad product development product design solidworks drafting dfmea fabrication ideas specification technology transfer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: De Core Science & Technologies Ltd De Core Group of Companies has established South Asias first State-of-the-Art Nanosemiconductor fabrication plant along with a material growth facility in Gandhinagar which is owned & operated by De Core Nanosemicondutors Limited, Gujarat,& one of the largest single location die-packaging units in Asia in Noida (National Capital Region of Delhi) which is owned & operated by De Core Science and Technologies Limited, Noida. Gandhinagar Electronic Special Economic Zone fab. is 20,000 square metres integrated facility, with complete eco- system, having its own gas yard & purified gas production plants & captive generation. This facility is equipped for commercial scale growth of III-V materials and their processing into optoelectronic devices, which the company markets as dies-on-tape and LED modules. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details