TITLE: Manager - Software Engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Software Engineering Team Manager will direct a group of software developer and drive the teamrsquos growth to deliver best-in-class orthopaedic application software for robotic-assisted surgery. Reporting to the Director of Orthipaedics R&D, the Software Engineering Team Manager will work in close collaboration with the engineering, marketing, quality assurance and program management groups to deliver the product development roadmap according to MAKO\'s requirements for quality, clinical value, OR efficiency, and customer satisfaction. Furthermore, the Software Engineering Team Manager will be responsible for supporting the continuous improvement of MAKO\'s product development tools and processes. Responsibilities : Provide leadership and work together with the software team to plan and execute projects Foster a software development process in compliance with MAKO quality goals and procedures. Ensure the team has appropriate product and technical specifications, direction, and resources to perform effectively. Work with the Director of Application Development to manage the staff, set team goals, and define project direction. Work with the Chief Software Architect to ensure that sound architectural practices are defined and followed. Work with the System Integration team to plan projects and to coordinate and conduct investigations. Work with the Software Quality Assurance team to facilitate timely and thorough software testing. Provide employee development, team building, coaching and mentoring. Drive team member hiring, corrective action and terminations. Track the status of employee training and certifications and supply timely guidance. Facilitate and drive intra-team and cross-team communications. Supply technical guidance to the team and the organization in the areas of software development, testing and maintenance. Engage in software development and provide technical contributions in key areas. Engage in review and design of the software, including technical review and analysis of source code. Engage in software life-cycle development process definition, implementation and improvement. Monitor technology, best practice trends and procedures in software development and drive planning and implementation of such improvements, as appropriate. Identify, acquire and manage implementation and maintenance of desktop-based and server-based software development tools. Track the status of all ongoing software development projects and make reports available to the organization. Develop clinical knowledge of surgical procedures of all team members through self-study, observation of surgical procedures and interaction with subject experts. Author and edit Work Instructions, Assembly Instructions and other quality documents, as appropriate. Provide timely and thorough review and approval of quality documents. Provide direction and expertise in Linux-based software development. Manage Linux platform operating system configuration for deployment on medical devices. Requirements Masterrsquos degree in Computer Science (or related field). Minimum of 10 years of experience in product design & development of complex systems, preferably in medical device. Minimum of 3 year of management experience. Proficiency in 3D geometry, computer graphics, 3D software using OpenGL or other standard 3D toolkit. Proficiency with Tcl/Tk or other scripting language required. Linux or Unix-based software development skills required. Experience with C language development a plus. Experience in orthopedics, robotics, and/or surgical navigation is an asset. Strong leadership, creative thinking, interpersonal, organizational and problem solving skills. Excellent communication and documentation skills. Must be able and flexible to work well under changing priorities in a high energy and demanding environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development software development configuration product development server application development documentation opengl hiring desktop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stryker Stryker is one of the world\'s leading medical technology companies and together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better. The Company offers a diverse array of innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine, which help improve patient and hospital outcomes. Stryker is active in over 100 countries around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details