TITLE: Talent Developer level 01

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Talent Developer level 01 (TD L1) will be responsible for conducting short and long term training for the 3D art team to fulfill the skill needs on a project or outside of it. TD L1 will need to work closely with the Head of Talent Development as well as the Project Leads to identify the specific training needs of artists on different project team, developing suitable training programs to address these needs and conducting the necessary training program. Skill Required: Functions as a trainer for the art team (special focus on fresh recruits who are not familiar with the common basic skills like low polygon topology management, baking normal maps, PBR workflows, texture creation and other tool related trainings. Creates training plan and training material for training programs to address specific skill issues under the guidance of the Art Lead and the Head of Talent Development. Works in direct coordination with the Art Lead and Project Manager on the project. Needs to stay updated with the skills needed for the Art team. Trains self under the supervision and direction of the Art Leads in order to understand the benchmark skill level and impart the same. They will have access to proper learning material and required guidance from concerned Art Leads in order to learn the skills up to the desired level of complexity/finish. Begins by focusing on the most urgent skills and gradually include other secondary/less frequently required skills. Maintains records of the trainings conducted and updates the same to the HR. Not part of a hands-on project art team. Should be determined to make a career in teaching and committed to develop as one. Skill Desired: Excellent technical knowledge of 3D graphics. High degree of proficiency in the use of industry standard software like Maya, Max, Photoshop and Zbrush. Fast learner with deep interest in tools and technical workflows used in game art creation processes. Good communication skills verbal and written. Able to efficiently explain the tools and concepts. Self-starter: has great motivation level and natural drive to learn and share knowledge. Team player: clearly understands his place in the team and responsibility. Knowledge of software like Unreal Editor 4, Substance Painter, Substance Designer and Marvelous Designer will be a bonus. These and any other upcoming applications will be on the list of future training targets Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills coordination tools max graphics photoshop maya art good communication skills skill functions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lakshya Digital Pvt. Ltd Established in 2004, Lakshya Digital is an interactive entertainment and game development services studio headquartered in Gurgaon, a city in the National Capital Region of New Delhi, India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details