TITLE: Senior Web Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: We are looking for experienced ldquoSr. Web Designersrdquo with strong graphic & web designing background to utilise skills and creativity to come up with new, and innovative designs for websites, landing pages, micro sites, banner ads, etc. Candidates will be required to provide examples or portfolios of user interfaces they have designed and implemented. The role is fast paced and requires the ability to adapt to different situations. You must have: Extensive hands- on experience with Photoshop, HTML, XHTML, DHTML, JavaScript, CSS, Ajax Strong knowledge of web standards Experience with HTML, XHTML, CSS, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Flash, Adobe Illustrator. Ability to develop HTML pages from PSD Able to do tablesless CSS design i.e. Web 2.0 designs creation Capacity to meet deadlines Ambitious, resourceful, organised, outgoing and a team player Preferable: Have at least 2 years of relevant experience Designing UI & wireframe Design, web templates and ad banners Experience of Joomla templating Ability to coordinate with multiple projects and development teams Strong understanding of web standards, usability/ user experience, accessibility and software development principles Good English knowledge both written and spoken is required Persons having Certification in the related field will be an added advantage. You will be responsible for: Designing UI & wireframe Design, web templates and ad banners Create/ translate ideas, workflows and wire frames into valid, structured web pages. Candidate must be able to develop usable and flexible layouts using best practices. Translate concepts and information into visually compelling user interfaces under tight deadlines Coordinate with the seniors and your team Meeting the deadlines Maintaining quality Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills english software development maintaining javascript ajax psd ideas interfaces adobe illustrator web standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BOSS Computec Private Limited BOSS Computec is a global IT services provider for web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing. We based in Noida, U.P., India. We have been providing web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing service to mid-size and Fortune 1000 companies across the globe for the last six years. Our team is highly experienced in web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing domain. BOSS Computec uses state-of-art technology including high-end workstations with dual monitor, dedicated servers, CISCO phones, training rooms with projectors, meeting rooms for managers, cafeteria and captive generator for power backup. We have four high-speed leased Internet connections for reliable and fast communications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details