TITLE: Operation Engineer/ Build & Release Engineer

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are seeking individuals with strong experience as an Operations Engineer in the IT Outsourcing industry. This job role will be an exciting opportunity for ambitious Operations Engineer (Lead) /Build Engineer/Deployment Engineer people who are interested in a stimulating and challenging career. At ISHIR, you will have the opportunity to work with the latest technologies and solutions in a dynamic work environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Application Deployment Environment Setup Configuration Management Monitoring Resolve environmental issues Monitoring & Analysis of logs Incident Management using helpdesk tools like, JIRA helpdesk etc. Initial response Escalate on priority issues timely Publishing notifications & release update Management of test or sample data on test/QA environments QA team support Working with basic Java Script and Jquery. Owns success - Takes responsibility for successful delivery of the solution. REQUIRED SKILL SETS: Experience 5 years of windows & Linux server administration. At least 3 years experience in engineering & OPS support. Super organized, a natural multi- tasker, comfortable juggling multiple priorities and deadlines with ease. Positive work ethic with a willingness to engage with and love our brand. Excellent communication skills. Excellent English language skills and descriptive ability. Good relationship management skills and a good team player. Creative flair and enthusiasm for new ideas and concepts. Confident, passionate and enthusiastic attitude. Excellent communication. Strong negotiating skills. Good presentation preparation skills. In- depth knowledge of Microsoft Windows & Servers. Ability to initiate and carry on a discussion. Experience in making out- bound calls to UK and US. IT Knowledge and exposure Very good in communication- both written and oral. Must Know - Web server administration. Experience on version controlling system like SVN/Git. Experience on PowerShell or shell or python scripts. IIS/Apache/Tomcat administrator. ADDED ADVANTAGE: Cold fusion Admin AWS HyperV Good analytical skills Ability to write well Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Bartender Keyskills operations relationship management publishing tools outsourcing monitoring ideas linux git helpdesk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ishir infotech pvt ltd We assist our clients to achieve their business objectives by successfully outsourcing their non-core business processes and functions in the areas of technology and digital marketing. We have been part of the outsourcing industry since 1999 and have successfully implemented strategic offshore programs in the areas of custom software development, software product development, casino game development and outsourced digital marketing production services to India. ISHIR has been servicing clients thousands of miles away, maturing into a core dependable extension of a client\'s internal team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details