TITLE: Assistant Vice President, Product Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Within data delivery you will be part of the Data Delivery Data and Files Operations Team. As a team we are highly involved in the integration of Markitrsquos and 3rd party products into a single platform with the goal to provide products to customers in a consolidated and consistent way via the Delivery Channels Feeds, Files, Excel and Web. During the product integration process you are expected to work closely with Markitrsquos global information product groups, development and QA teams and external data suppliers. The job requires the ability to work independently on multiple projects towards customer delivery within deadlines. Having the knowledge of Markitrsquos different data products and Markitrsquos Delivery Channels, you will support Markitrsquos customers in data related matters while working together with different operational and customer services teams. For the Files Delivery Channel specifically you will also be involved in the onboarding of customers by creating bespoke, multi-product files. Markit maintains a wide range of file configurations in terms of financial data, size, business rules and timings. In your role as regional team lead you will be involved in managing the new Noida based Data Delivery Data and Files Operations Team. This will include training new team members, prioritizing and dividing projects and tasks and help the team on the execution of projects and tasks. Duties & Accountabilities Work with Markitrsquos information product groups to model products in data dictionaries. Find the similarities between Markit products and strive for consistency among products. Work with Markitrsquos product groups and external data suppliers to understand the commercial packages - ldquoentitlementsrdquo - and make sure Data Delivery can supply data to customers according to these commercial packages. Write detailed product integration specifications for developers. Provide data modeling, field mapping and entitlements mapping. Assist the QA team by specifying test cases and analysing test reports. When more assistance is required, build and execute tests yourself. Map multiple products from requirements into a single file for customer delivery. Provide 3rd line customer support in data related matters. Assist in the management of the Noida based Data Delivery Data and Files Operations Team. Business Competencies Education and experience Fluency in English, spoken and written Experience working in the financial markets Knowledge of financial instruments like Bonds, Indices and Derivatives Highly proficient with Microsoft Excel Experience with Oracle SQL and VBA is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills development data modeling operations test cases mapping derivatives customer support bonds microsoft excel business rules Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details