TITLE: Sr. Network Engineer/Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Graduate/BE, with CCNA / CCNP, will be preferred. Should have 2-5 years experience in similar industry. Should have expertise on RF, WI-Fi, IP Surveillance, switching/Routing, LAN/WAN and Mobile Computing. Good analytical and problem solving skills are required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Network Planning Engineer Keyskills ccna rf ip problem solving good analytical mobile computing lan wan problem solving skills network engineer wi fi Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Suraj Informatics Pvt. Ltd Suraj Informatics Pvt. Ltd. is incorporated with the aim of providing economic solutions to the ever-increasing communication demands of organizations. Suraj Informatics is a customer service oriented organization. We always strive to build long-term relationship with our clients by providing cost effective and quality services on schedule. With Suraj Informatics, you can choose from a wide variety of off-the-shelf products, or we can work with you to design a customized solution for your unique requirements. Suraj Informatics has designed and implemented last mile solutions for leading services provider, enterprise and its expertise in network engineering, along with its partnership with leading hardware and software vendors, make it the right choice for designing and deploying the services. Suraj Informatics is a leading IT and Telecommunication Infrastructure Services and Solution Company. At Suraj Informatics, we have one simple focus i.e., to enable an infrastructure with advanced technologies that delivers not only on performance, but also on investment. As a leading end-to-end solutions integrator, we harness our vast resources and specialized skills, with our strategic partnerships and broad regional presence to offer expert technology solutions to businesses. Our expertise in the design, integration and management of communications infrastructure makes us a preferred partner for businesses - ranging from Contact Centers and Enterprises to Government and Service Providers. The depth and breadth of our experience, which spans projects for a varied clientele, is our greatest asset and customers are our best testimonials. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details