TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Careers Team Leader Position Summary Should lead team of Promoters for achieving the numbers. He will handle the Promoters and Distribution sales team. Principal Responsibilities Contribute to the achievement of outlet sales, profit and return on funds employed, within an assigned territory, through the provision of leadership and support to tab Agents and managers. Identify local business opportunities which will maximize cost effective sales. Actively contribute to the fostering of good relations with various industry and associated interest groups e.g. Customers, tab agents, local business people. Maximize business to business sales opportunities within related industries through Active direct sales and servicing of existing and new clients. Undertake, on a rotational basis, after hours security contact with respect to retail Agencies and head office (HO). Assist with investigations into operational irregularities in retail agencies Build operate the various modules of insurance business. With the existing and new distribution points, he can deliver the business by adhering company regulatory norms. Relationship/distribution management. New business sourcing. Policy servicing Collection of assigned renewal targets. Qualification Graduate in any discipline. Skills Excellent oral and written communication skills, plus a good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite is required. Appointment of Promoters and DSEs. Experience 6+ years experience in sales and Marketing in Mobility/ Handset industry. Experience in developing business development and sales strategies in state. Excellent team handling qualities. Should have good Knowledge of the territory. 2nd Floor, A-One Complex, Jagmohan Compound, Nr. Hotel Ajit Palace, Dahisar Check Naka, Kashimira, Mira Road (E), Mumbai - 401101 Tel : 022- 28280213 / 4 / 5 PickMe E-Solutions India Private Limited Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development direct sales sourcing operational standards sales and marketing team team leader e experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PICKME eSolutions India Pvt. Ltd. PICKME eSolutions India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details