TITLE: Senior Software Engineer (.NET)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Looking for .NET senior developer with minimum 2 yrs experience in VB.NET, C#. Should have sound knowledge of object oriented design and development and expertise in windows based application. You must have: Very strong VB.NET, C# object oriented design and development skills Capacity to meet deadlines Ambitious, resourceful, organized, outgoing and a team player Good communication skills Key Skills: experience with a software company. Candidates with CAD/ CAM domain will be preferred. Very strong VB.NET, C# object oriented design and development skills Ability to write clear, sound .NET code that is portable, efficient, and reusable. Expertise in windows based application. Strong knowledge with respect to concepts of OOPS and SQL/ Database You will be responsible for: Create, enhance, and maintain our engineering software products. Participate in the full life cycle of development, from specification and design. through implementation, testing, and support. Good english communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong time management skills. Prioritize and Multi tasking. Exceptional attention to details and client feedbacks. Ability to work efficiently both as a member of a team and independently. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development english sql windows life cycle design and development object oriented design vb net design specification Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BOSS Computec Private Limited BOSS Computec is a global IT services provider for web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing. We based in Noida, U.P., India. We have been providing web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing service to mid-size and Fortune 1000 companies across the globe for the last six years. Our team is highly experienced in web development, software development, iPhone/iPad apps, facebook application and internet marketing domain. BOSS Computec uses state-of-art technology including high-end workstations with dual monitor, dedicated servers, CISCO phones, training rooms with projectors, meeting rooms for managers, cafeteria and captive generator for power backup. We have four high-speed leased Internet connections for reliable and fast communications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details