TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description :Should be having end to end experience into Sales & Marketing, Candidates from education industry would be preferred, Should have extensive experience in lead generation & revenue generation, Financial Planning and Strategy Marketing Concepts, Team Management, Sales Planning and Competitive Analysis. Understanding the Customer, Product Development & building Client Relationships. Achieves marketing and sales operational objectives by contributing marketing and sales information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews. Preparing and completing action plans implementing production, productivity, quality and customer-service standards. Resolving problems,completing audits, identifying trends, determining system improvements & implementing change. Accomplishes marketing and sales objectives by planning, developing, implementing, evaluating,advertising, merchandising, and trade promotion programs. Developing field sales action plans. Excellent oral & written communication both in English & Hindi. Excellent Sales attitude. Excellent presentation & convincing skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills customer service team management financial planning merchandising sales planning product development english competitive analysis operational standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TechBharat Consulting TechBharat: A Worldwide Name in IT Education! TechBharat provides High quality cyber security training and consulting services that meet military, government and corporate specifications. TechBharat Consulting is One of the Leading Ethical Hacking Training Company in India. TechBharat Consulting is the brand name of Thakral Info Security Services, New Delhi. Thakral Info Security Services is promoting some other products like Travel, PenTesting, Android Application Development and Web Designing also. The vision of TechBharat Consulting is to develop Highly Eligible Cyber Security Experts in India. TechBharat is a leading player in India to provide Ethical Hacking & IT Security Training, Networking, Robotics, Web Development, Android Development and many other kind of IT trainings to all the Information Technology aspirants. TechBharat have outreach to more then forty thousand students and more then three hundred major colleges. TechBharat Consulting is a well known and trusted brand in Information Security Business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details