TITLE: Graphic Designer:

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description: - We are looking for a Candidate who will be responsible for creating design solutions and templates that have high visual impact and to develop creative ideas &concepts, for different media like desktop application, website, mobile screens and applications, tablet PC. Proficient and strong hands-on working knowledge in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, InDesign. Must understand responsiveness of websites. Knowledge of HTML will be an added advantage. Must have experience with working of E-commerce websites. Must have innovative and out of box imagination. Ability to multitask with accuracy. Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills website html indesign adobe illustrator ideas desktop pc adobe photoshop e commerce work under pressure Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Newgenray Technologies Pvt. Ltd Our main CORE competencies are Magento, E-commerce, Opencart, PHP and Software and application development. We convert your requirements and imaginations into beautiful designs and provide all of the building blocks you need for a successful eCommerce business model. We develop your online shop (both the front and back ends) and take care of end-to-end fulfillment (B2B, B2C). . We provide our customers with customized solutions comprising digital marketing, SEO, CRM, print and IT solutions as well as replication services all connected by way of integrated IT platforms. We support our customers on three different levels: first, we provide them with high-quality, sustainable services, second, we offer them integrated, technical solutions; and finally, as a strategic service partner, we help them to optimize their core processes in a way that creates new values Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details