TITLE: Merchant Operation Manager

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Merchant Applications & Onboarding - Ability to calculate merchant risk by verifying merchant business model and credentials. Review merchant applications to ensure that they comply with company policies. Perform KYC checks for the prevention and detection of Fraud. Own the decision of merchant approval and rejection for all merchant applications . Merchant Portfolio Risk Management - Review payments by Merchant and by Category to identify those which could possibly cause monetary losses to the company. Educate merchants on ways to minimize card-holder disputes. Review transactions processed by merchants hitting rule parameters. Provide feedback to enhance rule criteria and to increase recoveries by fraud investigations. Conduct comprehensive investigations on fraud claims and achieve recovery. Design and implement a Risk Dashboard and escalation framework to report key risk issues to reduce fraud losses. Desired Skills & Experience 2 - 7 years experience Experience in credit card fraud , payment processing , merchant acquiring , risk management in a bank , financial institution or payments company required Sound knowledge of merchant risk , payment risk , card associaton policies , charegback processes , and associated controls is mandatory Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Credit Officer Keyskills risk management claims payments kyc policies payment processing dashboard risk merchant acquiring fraud Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zaakpay.com. Zaakpay is an online payments startup, venture funded by Sequioa Capital, based in New Delhi, India. We aim to make payments simpler for all ecommerce users in India. We, at ZaakPay, are passionately building a state-of-the-art payments platform that would solve most of the payment issues faced by ecommerce companies. We believe in hiring a lean team who would evangelize the product and wish to be a part of the core team of an exciting startup journey. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details