TITLE: Sr. Sales Engineer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ELIGIBLITY CRITERIA-EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: Perform direct selling, product promotion and product support for highly technical scientific instruments for customers in Northern India. Sell Scientific Instrument products (Princeton Applied Research and Solartron Analytical) to new and existing customers within Northern India region via inside and on-site sales efforts, based from employeersquos home office. Develop effective strategies to promote Products in territory to include promotion and pricing recommendations. Report on customer needs and competitive efforts and offerings to management and marketing staff. Produce and manage forecast of upcoming business opportunities. Demonstrate products and provide customer support of products including use of equipment in customer applications, installation, and user training. Organize & Participate in local tradeshows Ensure contracts and business transactions meet all AMETEK and regulatory requirements SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Bachelor\'s degree (BA) in technical or scientific field required, Chemistry or Physics degree preferred. Masters degree or PhD preferred 5 to 10 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. LANGUAGE SKILLS Must be fluent in English. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conform to prescribed style and format. Ability to effectively present information to top management and/or public groups. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: None PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee is frequently required to sit; use hands to finger, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision (must be able to drive a vehicle), color vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to outdoor weather conditions, fumes or airborne particles, and toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level is moderate. ROLE & RESPONSIBLITY TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE/REQUIREMENT Bachelor degree in technical or scientific field required, Chemistry or Physics degree preferred. Masters degree or PhD preferred. Strong English language skills in oral and written form. Familiar with Microsoft Office Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills operations direct selling customer support ba product promotion pricing instruments analytical product support documents Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AMETEK Inc AMETEK is a leading supplier of electronic instruments & electromechanical devices bringing together some of the most well-known brands in areas of Process Control, Motion Control, Environmental Control Systems, Instrument Calibration, Material Analysis & Precision Metrology. AMETEK India with its corporate office at Bengaluru and branch offices in India provide end to end technology solutions & services to customers across industries such as Automotive, Aerospace & Defence, Pharmaceutical, Oil & Gas, Medical, Power, Semiconductor, Research and Academia. In addition, AMETEK also has its R&D Centre of Excellence at Bengaluru to support global AMETEK businesses in research and engineering product development with engineers working on diverse skills such as hardware, software, mechanical design, thermal analysis and test automation Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details