TITLE: Software Developer (Web Technologies, E-commerce)

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a SE with excellent development skills and expertise in PHP, MySQL, jSON & Jquery. The ideal candidate should: p> Have sound knowledge of any MVC (Code igniter and Cakephp) Framework and Oops Concept. li> Should be able to develop projects independently. li> Must have expert knowledge in php with at least 2 years of practical work experience in php. li> Sound knowledge of MySQL. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development jquery mvc cakephp php mysql json se knowledge sound e commerce Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Spa Geo Technologies Pvt Ltd Spa Geo Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (Spageo) (an ISO 9001:2008 certified company) is one of the leading Geo Spatial Engineering/Engineering Design, Data Management and GeoScience Consulting consultancy in India. Over the last several years SpaGeo has been consistently working in the field of GIS/ IT across the globe. SpaGeo Group includes Consulting Geo Info System (CGIS)and Spa Geo Technologies Pvt Ltd(Spageo). The SpaGeo Group is a key Indian player in the G.I.S. arena. SpaGeo holds more than 10 years of experience in producing base Geospatial and IT technology used worldwide, in developing vertical applications holding a spatial component and in successfully deploying these solutions. SpaGeo group has a vast experience in executing large international G.I.S. projects. 85% of its activities are executed by SpaGeo abroad. SpaGeo provides a full range of GIS consulting services for government, utilities & business. Effective implementation of a GIS is a complex endeavor that requires an integrated approach. SPAGEO consulting staff offers a wide variety of startup services from an initial need assessment to the full implementation of GIS system. SpaGeo customize the GIS design and implement to your specific needs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details