TITLE: Urgent job Opening for Key Accounts Executive Sales - Lab Products

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SUMMARY OF POSITION: Incumbent is accountable and responsible for sales operations and collections in the assigned territory to achieve targeted sales volumes, value and net contributions by promotion and sales activity of Rankem Laboratory reagents, Imported Chemicals, Filtration and Chromatography product Certified Reference Standards, Liquid handling and Biopharmaceutical products to customers spread across wide range of industries like Biotechnoloy, Electronics, Chemicals,Institutions, Environmental and others. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 1. Customer working 2. Achieve forecasted sales orders at targeted prices and execute the same through existing distributors in the assigned territory. 3. Identify, categorize and visit key account customers minimum once in a month and identify new customers 4. To increase call conversion ratio and enhance sales 5. Handling the distributors, facilitates and provides necessary support to help them achieve targets 6. Supporting distributors on business development, providing technical support to distributors and visiting customers. 7. Coordinate for smooth execution of order and complaint resolution to enhance customer retention 8. Meeting distributors, monitoring movement of stock, taking of fresh order, collection of dues and ensuring delivery 9. New product establishment MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Education: B.Sc. / M.Sc. (Chemistry) / BE / B. Tech (Chemical)+ any other equivalent stream, Candidate with MBA (Marketing / Fine Chemical) would be preferred Experience: Min. 2-4 Years Sales Experience in Chemical / Fine Chemical Industry Preferred Skill: Sales Orientation (Achievement of numbers) Customer Centricity Analytical Skills Understanding of Customer and Market Dynamics Achievement Orientation Good knowledge of distributor and market Other Skills: Good Communication Skills (Verbal, Written, Presentation) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dreams Solution A leading Chemical Industry Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details