TITLE: Assisatnt Vice President, Senior Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Markit is seeking a Senior Network Engineer to assist in the take up of both BAU and project deployment requirements. Duties & Accountabilities The Engineer will be accountable for the following: Perform day to day network operations support from Markit India office in 24x5 rotational shift patterns. Engineers are expected to be in office for this duration. Keep hardware inventory, documentation and network monitoring software up to date Take the lead in designing and implementation of new projects and technologies. Mentor and assist junior network staff on various projects including change management and deployment. Manage project deployments and work with various systems teams globally to understand and deploy business requirements. Provide global on-call support on weekends. This is generally around 1 weekend every 6 weeks. Out of hours work is to be expected due to communications with other regions. Weekend work as required Education and experience General o 6-10 years in multi-vendor LAN & WAN network environment (predominantly Cisco & Juniper). o Hands-on experience in Datacenter Operations and Migrations. o Project management and delivery experience in a datacenter environment. o Able to clearly show a history of delivering on schedule and to standard project work Technical Skills Mandatory Technologies Candidates must prove they have both design and implementation experience in below technologies o Cisco LAN switches (3750X, 45xx, 65xx, Nexus) o Cisco UCS o F5 GTM & LTM o Juniper firewalls (ISG/SSG series) o Juniper routers (MX series) o Cisco ISR G2 routers (e.g. 3925) o Cisco ACE load balancers o BGP/OSPF/EIGRP/RIP o IPSec VPN o MPLS & mVRF Desirable Technologies o Multicast o Cisco ASA & ZBFW firewalls o Experience with Orion/Solarwinds o Experience with Unix, PhP, Pearl, DNS. CCNP certification is mandatory. JUNOS certification is desirable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills php unix project management switches dns mpls ospf bgp documentation change management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:PG Diploma Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit Ltd. Markit is a leading global diversified provider of financial information services providing products that enhance transparency, reduce risk and improve ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details