TITLE: FRONTEND DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Developement of front end applications and public websites of Routofy. Take ownership of the code you write & features you build. Pioneer product ideas, participate in the design and implement them. Effective collaboration with design & UX teams to craft pixel perfect User Experience. Strengthen and improve development and release processes within the team. Requirements: Proficient in Problem Solving, Data Structures and Algorithms. Strong knowledge of browsers front end rendering, responsive design & front end semantics. Experience in developing front end applications at scale. Strong knowledge and experience in writing optimized native HTML, CSS and Javascript. Working knowledge of MVC Javascript frameworks like Angular, Backbone, Knockout, Ember, etc. Experience with Sass, Markdown, Grunt/Gulp, Node JS, Handlebars, Require JS. Knowledge of Javascript design patterns (desirable). Knowledge of Back end web technologies like PHP, Ruby, Perl (desirable). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROUTOFY SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Routofy helps users find the most suitable option to reach a destination by showing various transport options - ranging from trains, ights, buses, travelling with your own car or taking a cab all at one place and also optimising them, according to the need of the user, on price, duration and comfort using its proprietary routing and machine learning algorithms. All this on an easy to read and intuitive timeline. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details