TITLE: Customer Service Analyst 2- Support

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. In this role, your primary focus will be to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle Support Services customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. You will be responsible for fielding and resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means and technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. As a primary point of contact for customers, you will act as a liaison between Oracle employees and the customer with little direction from management. You will also provide guidance and resolution on a wide range of technical and non- technical customer issues. Resolution is primarily provided in real time with follow up for more complex matters. This position may provide you an opportunity to be "proactively responsible" for support for our top revenue and strategic customers. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. Prior working knowledge of or the desire to quickly learn about Oracle Financials, Oracle Service, ITS, Imaging, GSR, the World Wide Web, internal knowledgebase, MSOffice tools and our Electronic Support Service Offerings. In addition, understand the use of operating systems, hardware environments, software, networking, Oracle products and how they all interrelate in a customer environment. You should also be fluent in customer TAR reporting systems. Bachelors degree and three years related experience (and one year Client Relations experience) in hand, an ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, will have shown prior abilities to be an effective team player, and will demonstrate commitment to ensuring customer success. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Description Support Consultant F&B Support Consultant is specifically responsible for the 1st level support of the MICROS product suite and associated interfaces in JAPAC region. Duties & Responsibilities Responsible for 1st level support of your product suite to the customer Responsible for the entry, tracking and management of all incoming support calls in Clarify Ensure familiarity with new releases as they become available Obtain and maintain current certification in: Major Account accreditation Current application version Necessary SQL and technical skills Be familiar with and adhere to the latest configuration, installation, training and support standards and procedures Assist in configuring, installing, training and supporting the MICROS product suites and associated interfaces for selected strategic projects when required Liaise with subject matter experts in the regional office on client requests for enhancements and development Work with the customers to ensure that contractual service expectations are exceeded Perform other duties as requested or as deemed appropriate Other Requirements Willing to work overtime and holidays as requested Willing to work with a wide variety of cultures Willing to be contactable on an on- call basis after- hours by mobile phone Adhere to company standards, policy and procedure Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Essential Minimum two years experience installing/ configuring/ supporting/ administering food and beverage management software products Minimum two years hospitality experience in a supervisory or management role OR Degree in a technical, hospitality or business field Previous training experience in the area of theoretical/ conceptual training Knowledge of food and beverage management procedures Experience in Microsoft suite of products in particular, Outlook, Excel, Word, Project and PowerPoint High level of competency with English language Desirable Previous experience with alternative restaurant management systems Previous experience with Clarify Previous experience working with an automated support management and tracking tool in a support center environment Previous experience in supporting hospitality software products Familiarity with Operating Systems (2003, 2008, XP, Oracle, and VM Ware) Working knowledge of Networks, PCs and troubleshooting installation issues Professional Skills Analytical problem solving skills Superior communication skills, written and verbal Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to earn respect from customers, colleagues and others Abilities Ability and credibility to work effectively with both our internal and external customers at all levels of the organization Proven ability to work unsupervised or as a team member of both the local office team and wider company teams Creative thinking abilities, uses experiences and knowledge to create new ideas and think 'outside the square' A self- starter with initiative, drive and strong desire to succeed Ability to work in a logical methodical manner Ability to work under stress and meet deadlines Flexibility with people and time Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details