TITLE: Executive: Network Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role & Responsibilities: To Monitor performance issues on Windows servers & perform health checks. Managing & troubleshooting Windows services. To Investigate cause of unexpected server crash, service crash and provide RCA as and when required. Event logs monitoring, Disk space management. OS installation, upgrade ate troubleshooting. OS service pack/patches installation. Third party tools installation as per guidelines. Technical Support Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 OS, Windows Cluster servers, Vendor coordination for replacement of faulty hardware. Raising, Handling and Resolving Incidents & Work order through HP and Dell Create and maintain Knowledgebase and central repository for information sharing Requirements 2 to 3 years of experience in Windows system administration (Windows 2k3/2k8 servers). Good Knowledge of Desktop and Laptop hardware. Knowledge and good understanding of Active Directory Tools and Objects (Policy, Trust, FSMO), DNS, DHCP, Windows Group Policy etc. Very good understanding and hands on experience of Windows RDP Tools. Knowledge of Windows Services, Antivirus . Working experience of SQL server will be an added advantage. Knowledge of Backup/ restore process, networking fundamentals, hardware monitoring tools is an added advantage. Willing to 24x7 Support . Good communication skills ability to communicate activities to a non-technical and technical audience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills technical support networking desktop troubleshooting service active directory dns dhcp backup laptop Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:PG Diploma Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ResBird Technologies Private Limited, ResBird Technologies Private Limited, is providing a global platform to the Indian travel industry by enabling software access to state of the art travel automation technology. A specialist in the domain, ResBird offers a range of software solutions and products that facilitate operations of travel agencies (both online and offline). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details