TITLE: Associate,Product Services Analyst, Securities Finance

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary This opening provides an excellent opportunity for a graduate or a professional to gain knowledge in Securities Lending, Repo or processing of large financial data sets . The Content team is responsible for all data processing and quality control for the MSF platform including daily publishes of data set, client bespoke reports, data quality audits, client onboarding, historical corrections, resolution of client challenges and R&D analysis of data to support new product development Duties & Accountabilities Content Production: Processing of contributed content from clients. Content verification and analysis to ensure accuracy and integrity. Production and quality assurance of risk management reports. Assist in the onboarding of new clients data to the MSF content universe. Management and processing of third party related content and processes Content Quality Control: Adhere to existing processes that support accuracy and integrity of the content. Proactively review existing quality control processes to improve accuracy and integrity of content. Manage contributed content in a diligent and timely manner to ensure content quality. Content Corrections and enhancements: Prioritize and implement data correction projects. Manage client queries in an efficient and timely manner for issues related to the contributed content accuracy, until resolution. Escalate issues in a timely manner and ensure follow up and resolution. Content process development and support: Manage test production environment for the purposes of testing existing processing of content prior to every software deploy. Be an active stakeholder in ensuring processes are reviewed and suggest improvements. Manage and deliver projects when required to scope and in agreed timeframe. Content Expertise: Ensure up to date training on all existing and new process changes or additions that impact production and quality of content. Build expertise relating to content. Expertise in analysing content in order to make accurate and informed judgements when validating anomalies or escalating issues. Take a pro-active role with content testing of data in new products changes or additions that impact production and quality of content. Build expertise relating to content. Expertise in analysing content in order to make accurate and informed judgements when validating anomalies or escalating issues. Take a pro-active role with Content testing of data in new products Business Competencies Education and experience The ideal candidate will have: Attention to detail Ability to work to tight deadlines Excellent problem solving skills Experience in communicating with external clients Experience working with large volumes of data Experience and knowledge working with Microsoft Excel Experience with VBA and SQL Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Keyskills sql quality assurance data processing quality control risk management verification third party data quality microsoft excel lending Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details