TITLE: Franchise Marketing Executives

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identify companies seeking franchisees, partners, distributors, dealers and agents and offer them our unique business partner recruitment program, working closely with them, in helping them find the desired partners and giving them the solutions they seek. Sign up clients for our advertising packages and other premium and platinum memberships. independently acquire new clients through industry contacts and cold calls. You will be responsible to reach out to existing franchise companies and offer them our customized franchise recruitment services whereby clients will be able to use our exhibition modules, SMS and Email packages, and our offline network of agent and franchisees. Manage key accounts and offer end to end solutions to clients seeking business expansion and ensure that you achieve revenue and customer satisfaction as per our guidelines. Skills: Absolute professional with long term career focus. Great Interpersonal Skills, Good Communication and a pleasing personality. Good at Sales and Business Development. Go Getter, Must have Persistence, Result Oriented and Be able to achieve revenue targets. Must have a proven track record. Multitasker with leadership skills and hunger for growth Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Keyskills business development recruitment sms email business expansion platinum interpersonal skills clients revenue leadership skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sparkleminds We are a international franchise consulting company. We lay strong franchise foundations for our clients afterwhich we work very closely with every aspect of their franchise business.Our ultimate aim is to help them achieve their goals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details