TITLE: Java Developer / Senior Java Developer (Springs, AngularJS)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: - Writing new and reusable server code to support our mobile applications in an agile, test driven development environment - Develop flexible Webservices RESTfulSOAP based services (using Spring MVC, Spring data) - Define business rules and logic to connect our mobile apps (Android and iOS) - Deploy server to Tomcat running in Amazon AWS - Research & identify new technologies to drive internal innovation. Skills and Experience: - Super solid experience in latest Java server side development essential (Java 7 or 8) - Experience working with Springs - Strong Database knowledge - NOSQL (e.g. MongoDB) - Exposure to mobile technologies (iOS, Android & Web UI technologies) - Experience working in a fast paced test driven, agile development process - Good understanding of usability principles, particularly as applied to mobile devices - We love innovation and new ideas - you will be a quick and enthusiastic learner, passionate about technology and continuously learning to stay ahead of the curve - Quality & high standards really matter to us - will focus on continually applying high coding standards, excellent attention to detail and a methodological work process. Key Tasks & Responsibilities: - Participating actively in software technical and user stories grooming discussions - Writing code that is both functional and performing unit testing and unit test cases writing - Solve complex business problems in a timely and robust manner - Preparing the technical specification, installation instruction document in each sprint releases - Doing code reviews and end ensure software development guidelines followed. Candidate Profile: - Application design & development experience necessary. - Familiarity with software development methodologies. - Exposure to Agile development methodologies (Scrum) . - Excellent writing and oral communications skills required. - Strong organization and good interpersonal and team working skills is required. - Must be able to work in a team environment. - Must be able to finish tasks with minimum supervision. - Able to put in extra hours as required for special projects/ problems for critical customer issues. - Proven track record of working on large scale application. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Yagna Technologies Private Limited Yagna Technologies Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details