TITLE: Associate, Developer, MarkitServ

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary p> As a mid-level developer, you will provide high quality technology solutions that address MarkitSERV business needs by working with a team of application developers (in multiple global locations), business analysts and business stakeholders in developing applications. The ideal candidate should have significant experience in server side development in Java and in Graphical User Interfaces using web front-end technologies. The candidate should also have a strong past experience in designing / developing high performance systems in JAVA/ J2EE. Working with individual project teams to coordinate the integration of the team\'s technical deliverables into a functional client product that meets the requirements p> Duties & Accountabilities p> Learns and use MarkitSERV proprietary technologies and application methods. Develops application using Java, J2EE, and other related technologies. Develops and maintains code bases. Develops, reviews, tests and debugs code. Provides L3 support Adheres to best practices that enhance user experience, usability, scalability, performance and security. Contributes to the development and maintenance of reusable standards and libraries. Explores new development practices, standards, and interactive displays and message their discoveries to the team and employs them on projects where appropriate. Be an integral part of the MarkitSERV Technology team which will be distributed over the New York and Delhi offices. Work collaboratively with the development and product managers. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with all MarkitSERV personnel and business partners. Works under the general supervision of the Team Lead or Development Manager and may take direction from the other Team Leads within the organization and may provide indirect supervision to other exempt personnel. p> Business Competencies p> A Bachelorrsquos degree in computer science or related field preferred. 4-6 years real world experience with Java technologies in an enterprise setting. Experience with SQL writing in an enterprise-grade relational database management system, preferably Oracle is a must. Experience working with Web Services JMS/ XMS, SOAP, XML and related data exchange technologies is a plus. Experience working with Spring, Hibernate/ iBatis is a strong plus. Experience with Web technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript to complement the experience is a plus. Real world experience with environments and tools like Apache, Eclipse, Maven, GIT, Jenkins. Should be well-versed with writing JUNIT & any other Unit Testing writing frameworks. Proficient with Object Oriented Analysis and Design and its implementation into real code. Experience with a wide variety of front-end technologies a strong plus. Experience working collaboratively with geographically distributed teams to achieve project plan deliverables and exceed client expectations. Interest in existing and emerging industry practices, and ability to evaluate alternative business solutions. Experience with various project management methodologies. p> Personal Competencies p> Self-starter with a natural curiosity to learn and develop capabilities. Proactive and able to work independently with minimal supervision Displays energy, drive and stamina. Must be a strong team player. Ability to collaborate effectively with overseas team Open minded, flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. Focused on delivery. p> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql oracle javascript xml hibernate project management apache jms server eclipse Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details