TITLE: DGM/ General Manager - Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Advise the management in asset portfolio. To look for an innovative way to fund project and working capital needs. Continuous monitoring the portfolio of debt and equity for the purpose of cost reduction. Monitoring and analysis of finance cost, including bank charges and other direct finance cost. Currency risk management through the agreed process. To lead and initiate the process. Risk management identification of financial and business risk and risk mitigation strategy including insurance management. Continuous monitoring of group cash flow and managing day today surplus and deficit. To strategize the fund planning of group. To meet the budgeted funds requirements of entire group. Interact with the bankers and financial institutions and ensure that the company's interests are protected. Responsible for Finance functions, Treasury management and Budgetary Functions. Negotiation with Banks and other Financial Institutions , Risk Analysis and Change Management Should be involved in Private Equity Market and Exposure to Advanced banking Environment . Maintain financial discipline and appropriate financial controls / processes throughout company. Drive creation & operation of reliable , timely & consistent financial reporing systems. Establish strong internal control and compliance system. Revenue Analysis, Business development aspects and areas of Weakness requiring attention. Taking direct control of EDP team and ensuring the computerization of all operational activities and integrating with financial records. Develop and manage corporate finance function strategically . Support and inform corporate strategy planning through inclusion of a financial strategy as one of its major components . Manage and be responsible for corporate banking relations . Treasury and Investment Management ; Qualification criteria: CA / ICWA. ; Personality: Self-driven, results-oriented with a positive outlook, and a clear focus on high quality and business profit. A natural forward planner who critically assesses own performance. Mature, credible, and comfortable in dealing with senior big company executives. Reliable, tolerant, and determined. Well presented and businesslike. Sufficiently mobile and flexible. Keen for new experience, responsibility and accountability. ; Contact Details Email your resume on : careers@ksoils.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Finance/Audit Keyskills business development risk management treasury corporate finance working capital dealing private equity investment management internal control change management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: K. S. Oils Limited K. S. Oils Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details