TITLE: Application Engineers

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRPITION Knowledge of automation products like drives, controllers, sensors, servos, PLCs etc. , Ability to clearly understand the scope of the project and understand customer requirement. Flexible enough to execute the projects throughout India. Source new vendors for supply of raw materials / software required for the project. R & D of various applications. Identify new areas of application development through market research. DESIRED PROFILE Relevant experience in thefield of automation products like drives, controllers, Sensors, Motors, Switchgear etc. Strong Mathematical Orientation Familiarity with Computer Aided analytical tools. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Deep knowledge of the motion control market. Willing to travel all over India and overseas. Willing to serve at any our branches in India viz Delhi, Mumbai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Chennai or Bangalore. Good leadership skills. Self driven with "Can do attitude". Proficient in PLC programming. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills market research travel automation switchgear motors drives analytical sensors application development plc programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Strategi Automation Solutions Pvt.Ltd. We are in the business of Factory Automation since 1996. We specialize in motion control solutions and can provide comprehensive offerings in a variety of industry verticals like Packaging Flame cutting Machine Tools Material Handling Printing Instrumentation Engraving Robotics etc We are a ISO 9001:2008 certified company. Quality Policy Strategi Automation Solutions Pvt. Ltd. strives to be the foremost provider of solutions in Factory Automation with an emphasis on Motion Control. We will delight our customers with economical, reliable and high performance Factory Automation equipment and Motion Control Products in speedy delivery times. We will continually discover ways to improve our processes to achieve customer delight. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details