TITLE: Group Leader

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Currently two of our top agency-partnerships prefer working with Sr. Developers directly instead of having billable managerial layers Yet almost all these projects require some management oversight, getting on calls, coaching the developers -- SM functions but not in a full-time role Further, in our team structure, there is no map between clientrsquos senior leadership and Srijan. The CEO of the company is currently the map for Portfolio Leads and Project Managers -- and thus becomes a) the point of escalation, if and when that happens & b) the key contact point for managing sales pipeline. Head of Drupal for 2 additional Accounts and Teams This is also the case for largely all other clients that Srijan works with. Barring a few key accounts, line functions of managing projects with various accounts, needs to be given up by the CEO. The CEO must largely only map to CEO/ CXOs/ Directors of its clients at a strategic & relationship level -- a role that needs to be facilitated by the work of the Drupal Portfolio Lead & Sales Head. Lead Discovery Projects Discovery Projects are currently largely lead by 1-2 key Team Leads, with assistance from one PO and from the Head of Sales, and from the CEO. This requires to change. Leadership and successful delivery of Discovery Projects, with all deliverables such as Architecture Document, Product Backlog with detailed Users Stories, User Story estimates, Projects Delivery Estimates, would become the responsibility of this role. Project Costing and Profitability would remain a shared function with the Head of Sales and the CEO for the moment, perhaps to be later given up to a Drupal Practice Head / Delivery Head. Support Pre-sales Currently, our Head of Solution Sales depends upon 1-2 key people within Srijan, largely a Team Lead & a PO to roll-out estimates. This is also a responsibility shared by the CEO currently. This requires to change. Supporting the sales team in pre-sales operations on key accounts that we wish to acquire, including Drupal agencies such as Acquia, would be the mandate of this role. Time allocation for assistance from TLs, SMs, and POs would need to streamlined as part of this job function to ensure estimates are done well. Relationship Development Relationships with Project Managers, Heads of Departments, Portfolio Leads, and other similar roles need to be managed by this role. This remains a shared responsibility with the CEO currently. People Development Development of Team Leads and Scrum Masters within the Drupal lanes is a key responsibility of this role. Performance Management of Drupal teams Performance Management of all Drupal teams working on accounts led by this Portfolio Manager is a responsibility of this role. This will remain a shared responsibility with many others including the CEO, given Srijanrsquos team-based structure for evaluation and determining remuneration. Hiring Hiring the right people is a key responsibility of this function. Product Design Product Design -- creating new solutions for new and current industries -- is a very important and key function of this role. Drupal Community Events Participating at Drupal events, including Drupalcon will be the responsibility of this function. Initiating Community Events such as Drupal Meetups and Hackathons is a key shared responsibility of this role. P&L Responsibilities Profit and Loss responsibilities are within the role and scope of the Portfolio Manager ( but a key shared responsibility with the Head of Sales) . Hence the tie-up with a high variable salary. Travel For maintaining relationships, pursuing key project opportunities and for delivery of projects ( customer success) , this role would require frequent travel to US, Middle East and within India -- the key markets Srijan is focussed on. Travel would be independent or alongwith key members of the team such as Head of Sales, key Team Leads / POs, or the CEO. Reporting The Portfolio Lead would currently report to the CEO. Eventually, this reporting function might be handed over to a ldquoDrupal - Practice Headrdquo OR a ldquoDelivery Headrdquo or perhaps become dual reporting shared by key ldquoAccount Managersrdquo -- depending upon how the structure of Srijan evolves. In Srijanrsquos organization structure, as the company grows, some key accounts may require to be give up to a colleague at the same level -- another Drupal Portfolio Manager for some other key accounts. It is important to maintain agility in roles & responsibilities of the company as well. Remuneration The role will have a high variable salary component, and a low fixed salary. A Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills development drupal pre sales scrum sms hiring po functions pos product design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Srijan Srijan is a 12 year old web services consulting company with expertise in building high-traffic websites and complex web applications in Drupal. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details