TITLE: Dot Net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description 2- 4 years of software development experience with C#, Silverlight, .Net programming, WCF Web services, SQL and VSTF 2008\2010. Experience working through the full product cycle from initial design to final product delivery. Should have hands- on experience in C# and developing Tools Strong cross- group collaboration and influencing skills. Self- driven and ability to work with minimal direction and in a team to research innovative solutions to challenging business/technical problems. Demonstrated ability to work at the tactical and strategic levels of IT initiatives. Team player and driven towards self- improvement, development, and achievement. Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating, and decision making skills. Desired Candidate Profile Minimum 2 years of software development experience with C#.Net programming, SQL and VSTF 2008\2010. Strong basic CS concepts and OOPS skills Self- driven, independent thinker, contributor and developer Strong analytical skills with excellent problem solving abilities. Ability to work to deadlines and as a team member. Should be able to understand and handle tasks independently. Strong communication / interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills tools software development experience problem solving abilities c net strong analytical skills decision making skills programming team player sql developing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iCore eSolutions Pvt. Ltd. iCore is a team of individuals with diverse functional and technical expertise focused on solving business problems by developing customer centric application and e-business solutions. iCore is a place where one learns about the professionalism, ethics, values and importance of client\'s requirements and how to solve them efficiently using their product engineering and technology expertise. A committed team of professionals with different business vertical experience, dedicated to identify & analyze needs and suggest the best tech solutions in order to make businesses run better. A team, prepared to pull alongside with our clients and put our years of experience, diverse backgrounds, education, and burning desire to solve/simplify their business issues. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details