TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPER(BD)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Working in Business Development will involve pitching and presenting to clients. This could also include presentations to HR (Human Resources) department. One of the key responsibilities would be to focus on generating new leads with the aim of creating more sales. Candidates responsibility also includes Online Bidding, Telecalling marketing / E-Mail marketing, Online marketing / Internet marketing. It will also include scheduling appointments, preparing and delivering presentation to the client, having researched their business and requirements. Have to work on sales generation and follow up. Maintaining customer relationships and ensuring customer loyalty through excellent customer service as well as meeting all client needs appropriate to their business. Have to work in a team and closely with other departments within the organization. Qualifications and Skills required: Candidates with graduation or post graduation degree can apply for this job but business development background will be preferred. A track record in strong presentation skills is essential in the role of Business Developer. Candidate must have experience of at least one year in the same field with IT industry. Business Developers need a strong track record of business-to-business sales at a corporate level. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written and must be skilled at agreeing and closing deals with clients. Must be able to operate Microsoft Office and associated programs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development bd customer service online marketing internet marketing closing scheduling maintaining presentation skills be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ABL Software India Pvt. Limited ABL Software India Pvt. Ltd. is a global web and mobile apps development agency offering technology solutions to enterprises, digital agencies and start-ups. We began our successful journey in the year of 2009, and since inception we have gained the confidence of our clients by offering efficiency, quality and reliability in all offshore jobs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details