TITLE: SEO Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A study by Outbrain shows that SEARCH is the #1 driver of traffic to content sites, beating social media by more than 300%. rdquo Is not it amazing? Yes, Search Engine Optimization is gaining a lot of heat currently with a whole lot of new possibilities and opportunities in the box. As Google keeps on changing its algorithms, the demand of professional SEO experts is increasing exponentially. It is really very crucial to hire experienced SEO experts to provide quality SEO services to grow up on search engines. Hiring dedicated SEO expert is a smart option to increase your business by increasing potential visitor for your multiple website at a time. If you hire our skilled dedicated SEO, he or she can optimize/ promote more than 3 website simultaneously. So itrsquos right time to outsource your SEO projects to SavvyonWeb, one of the leading SEO outsourcing company in India and save your projects costing up to 50%. We are very much confident with our skilled SEO expert to bring your website in first page in major search engines like Google, Yahoo, Bing and local search engines. You may hire dedicated SEO expert part time and individually or hire full time virtual SEO expertrsquos team as per your requirements. We assure your hired dedicated SEO expert team will work efficiently and effectively for your business development. Why Choose SavvyonWeb for Building your own Offshore Team Delivered quality results to many SEO companies across the world for last 8 years. Committed pool of skilled SEO resources with different specializations. Affordable pricing. Effective communication, your dedicated resources will be available to you thru IM, Email and Phone. Get quality results under your direct control and monitoring. 100% ethical approach, delivering natural search engine results. Promotion of websites among social platforms. No hidden cost involved Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills business development hiring email part time seo outsourcing pricing costing monitoring social media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SavvyonWeb Pvt. Ltd. SavvyonWeb Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details