TITLE: SAP ABAP

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: 3 Years of strong ABAP programming skills Responsibilities: Designed Technical Specifications Report Programming - Expertise in Classical and Interactive Reporting. Extensive experience in Module Pool Programming and experience creating various custom Transactions. Requirements: Experience and ability working on implementation project. Experience Working on Data Dictionary ( Creation of Domains, Data Elements, Structures, Tables, Views and Search Help, Lock Objects. Creation of Parameter transactions, SAP Security Authorization Objects. Knowledge on BDC Programming, Data Mapping & Migration using LSMW. Knowledge on Creating various Function Modules, BAPIs according to the Business Requirements, experience in developed SAP Smart forms; and linked to their Driver Programs and Interfaces. Experience in creating various ALV Reports using ABAP Objects Experience in designing, coding and executing Workflow Objects for many business requirements. Worked on Customer Exits, User Exits, BAdIs, Enhancement Options/ Spots and Development & Implementation of Workflow settings. Knowledge on Function Modules, BAPIs according to the Business requirements. Knowledge in Business Application Programming Interfaces ( BAPIs) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development workflow coding mapping interfaces application programming smart forms enhancement views user exits Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Clay Logix (India) Pvt. Ltd. ClayLogix is a global IT Solution and Service provider focused on helping customers improve their operational efficiency by making best use of people, processes, and technology. ClayLogix strongly believes that all IT solutions or services must ultimately add value to the business. While addressing customers\' requirements and challenges, we take a unique process driven view and approach. The management team at ClayLogix has deep roots in the "technology world" and the "process world". So on one side we take Business Process Management (BPM) approach to articulate business challenges and on other side we apply core IT principals to deliver the solution. This unique combination of business and IT alignment is ClayLogix\'s USP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details