TITLE: Textile Engg.

SKILLS: Export

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The procurement of fabric and accessories of the quality required and at the best competitive price. Ensuring the minimum defects in the processing of fabric. Efficient management of the fabric stores, stocks and records. Developing a strong vendor base to ensure superior quality of fabric and accessories and timely deliveries at competitive rates. Coordinating with the Marketing and Design departments to develop new fabrics or alternative fabrics at better rates. Planning for fabric and accessories according to the projections made for the particular financial year and ensuring that costs of fabric and accessories remain according to the percentage of production as decided in the projections. Sourcing of fabric and accessories - exploring new fabrics and accessories in the market, comparing prices and quality, discovering good quality substitutes at reasonable prices. Knowledge/Experience/Skill Good organizational skills to enable coordination of different processes for various orders simultaneously. Technical qualification is a must with minimum 5 years of experience. Ability to proactively monitor order status and take relevant and timely actions on any issues arising. energetic and self driven. good comm skills. team builder. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Export , Import , Merchandising Role Category:Production/Merchandising/Business Development Role:Purchase Officer Keyskills stores textile coordination accessories procurement sourcing fabric coordinating projections comm Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Today, Careerbridge Consultants is one of the leading companies delivering unsurpassed quality and reliability in effective recruitment solutions. We have vast network of global clients, with long-standing business partnership with premier organizations and enterprises, providing unprecedented career opportunities. Our dedicated approach and best practices has helped us efficiently bridge the gap between demands of the clients on one hand and scarce supply of qualified professionals on the other hand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details