TITLE: Software Engineer- Devops

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Responsibilities include Overall responsibility is to introduce DevOps practice to build and maintain our server infrastructure and automate service deployments. The DevOps Engineer job will develop tools and strategies for deployment, testing and monitoring to achieve our goal of security compliance 100% uptime and quick turnaround of new code deployments for the engineering organization. Continuously improve our infrastructure for ease of deployment, scalability, security and fault-tolerance. Work closely with System Architects, Engineers, Product Managers and System Administrators to meet their service automation needs. We need a DevOps engineer with strong Amazon Web Services experience. You will work on automating the deployment of our software and test pipelines, promoting a quick turnaround for testing and development In this role, yoursquoll work collaboratively with software engineering to deploy and operate our systems. Help automate and streamline our operations and processes. Build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. And troubleshoot and resolve issues in our develop, test and production environments. Develop a process to integrate DevOps with engineering development, service deployment and operations lifecycle. Responsibilities include 4 years of experience in Devops role. Working experience on Tomcat, Postgres/ MySQL/ MongoDB, Apache, Nginx, ActiveMQ environments. Build and release automation tools: Jenkins/ Hudson Experience with Java Development or Deployment. Strong background in Linux/ Unix Administration Experience with automation/ configuration management using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent. Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services ( experience with AWS is required) A working understanding of code and script ( PHP, Python, Perl and/ or Ruby) Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java php mysql perl development apache automation python tomcat server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SourceFuse Technologies SourceFuse is a digital product and technology development organization helping startups and corporations launch web, mobile, and social software solutions. Our management team has consistently delivered innovative products and solutions to the market, both for ourselves and for our clients. We focus on quick results and believe in forging trusting relationships. Our state of whole is defined by our principles and honesty Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details