TITLE: Event Supervisor

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate from event management background is required urgently. Having a bike & smart phone is must. Working knowledge of Recee / Permission can apply too. No target base job. Skills Required: Able to organize events. Coordination within the departments and the clientrsquos representative like Sales Officer etc. Ensuring delivery of the quality material at the event venue with in time. Must be comfortable while talking to beat officers / RTO (Regional Transport Officer). Person should be flexible and must be present as per the business requirements. Job Responsibilities: To supervise the service of all food and drink on the event as detailed on the daily function sheet. To liaise with office support team and event managers regarding daily requirements and give advice and support on specific information on service. To assist the management team in ensuring all legislative paperwork is kept up to date, in line with Hygiene and Health & Safety policies at the event location. Ensure all areas and vehicles are cleaned and maintained according to Event. Act as a main point of contact at specified times of the day to ensure customer service and communication is maintained at all times. Assist in the ordering of all departmental stock and in regular stocktaking as required by the department. Delivery of any leftover material or resource back to the company premise after the event. Maintain a safe working environment, reporting maintenance requests in a timely manner. CD s, Photo Album to be taken & submit to the IT Dept. within 24 hours after the event. Coordinating with HOD for the check list for necessary arrangement of resources as per the clientrsquos requirement for the event. Coordinating with the Client Servicing Team for their promotional activities. Negotiate with beat officer, other agencies on permission cost and availability of resources before the start of the event. Daily reporting to the Head of the Department. Taking brief from the HOD in the morning & as well as in the evening. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Events/Promotion Executive Keyskills customer service events coordination event management cd coordinating policies event requirements be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. Pournavi Events Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details