TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Generating business and sales of our products under web applications. Communicating effectively and efficiently with customers. Understanding and analyzing the work flow and providing input to improve it. Getting customer feedback appropriately and providing feedback to the development team. Development of marketing materials, mailers, quotations etc. Understand customer reuirements and coordinate with development team. Knowledge of Web Design, Web Hosting Domain Registration is must. Eligibility: Qualification: Graduation in any stream/MBA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills mba development web hosting web design domain registration web applications analyzing business work flow customer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exuberant Technology Exuberant Technology is a privately owned company offering software, computer and internet related services to various clients in India, U.S. and Europe since 2005. Our services and solutions are designed with a focus on secure, scalable, expandable and reliable business systems. Through our low cost, high quality and reliable software services, we serve our clients giving them value for money and thus client satisfaction. Exuberant Technology is a company that works in a flexible environment for software development process, adjusting as per our clients\' requirements. Quality work is a prerequisite for every task we undertake at Exuberant Technology as we consider that \"every day counts\". We know that good jobs always bring new clients. Attempting to provide world-class services, we always strive to provide you with quality work and consider \"every effort counts\". Excellent and consistent quality at low cost is what drives outsourcing business. And we play by the rules of the game. People are the key resources in any service industry. We highly value our people and their performance. Exuberant Technology ensures providing an environment to develop their skills and offers them a rewarding career. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details