TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description -Business Analyst Purpose &Objective PeopleStrong is a leading HROutsourcing company, specializing in HR Shared Services, Recruitment, Payroll & Compliance Management, and HR TechnologySolutions branded as ldquoAlt PeopleStrongrdquo. With a pan-India presence, PeopleStrongservices global players across industries and is one of the first movers inBFSI, IT/ITES, Auto, Pharma, and Education Recruitment Process Outsourcing(RPO) in India. Our brand ldquoAlt PeopleStrongrdquo isincreasingly growing and is being looked upon an HR solution by PeopleStrong tosimplify the work life through its product offerings - Alt Recruit, AltOrganise, and Alt Infer The selected candidate will bepart of technology team which does Product Development and will be responsiblefor gathering the requirements, analyzing the requirements and give totechnology team to for development. The role will substantially also requiredesigning of prototypes and tracking the requirements given for productdevelopment. Expectations andTasks Research, summarize, and gather customer businessrequirements Understand the requirements, translates the requirements intospecification and prototypes. Hand over the requirements to technical team in the requireddocumentation for the development. Ensure that product is getting delivered within theguidelines defined in the product development stage. Prepare the product documentation related for variousinterfaces like marketing, sales support, implementation. Track the enhancement requests coming from theimplementation team and incorporate the requirements in the product Key PerformanceIndicators Gathering Specification and writing thespecifications from Internal and External customers Designing the Prototypes Timely Product Roll out Documentation related to the Product Work Experience We are looking for a functional consultant who has excellentunderstanding of the in HR Domain. Functional Domain knowledge is preferred in one or more ofthe following: Workforce planning, Talent Acquisition, TalentManagement areas related to Performance, Succession planning, Compensation, Training & Development. Has done implementations in HR modules mentioned above. With 7 years enterprise applications experience. Experience in creating detailed functional design documents. Should have eye for detail orientation for the productdevelopment. Track the delivery timelines for the product development. Customer Interface - Internal & External both forrequirement gathering. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills product development documentation enterprise applications payroll outsourcing pharma enhancement ites rpo tracking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt Ltd PeopleStrong is a leading platform based mpHRO (Multi-process HR Outsourcing) and Technology company, headquartered out of Gurgaon in India. We enable Business Leaders and CEO's in transforming their people agenda. Our customers see us as trustees of HR Transformation, partnering in their prime objective of creating Happy Organizations. We have implemented some of the largest HR Service Centers in Asia Pacific. We deliver employee services across regions and time zones for more than 300,000 employees and have hired more than 40,000 employees through a unique technology interface coupled with high end decision making Tools for people data. We are the first company in the space to be successfully assessed on SSAE16. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details