TITLE: Security Researcher

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mobile Security Researcher - Wegilant We are Hiring Who are we? We are a team of hackers, designers day dreamers who work with great passion drive to achieve something new each day. We are backed by an amazing bunch of investors with a product which solves a real world problem. We are looking for talented folks to join us in this mission. As one of the early employees your impact will help us grow so we can offer more perks! Reasons to work with us Kickass office with flexible working hours We are an open workplace that will give you vibes. Walk- in, walk- out anytime. Rocket career growth We offer complete freedom in work and thoughts, to bring out the best in you. Early stage stock options for the right candidate If you are the right fit in our super crazy growth engine, its bingo! Fun loving environment with frequent parties We are a young team who loves to work our way and party hard. Mobile Security Researcher Location: Gurgaon , Haryana , India Apply for this position About Appvigil Appvigil is a completely automated Mobile Reputation Protection Suite for Mobile Apps. Powered by patent pending technology, Appvigil employs intensive static analysis (SAST) and dynamic analysis (DAST) along with stringent network analysis on the apps. It discovers security vulnerabilities in mobile apps, delivering thorough and comprehensive reports in just few hours. The report helps you make effective modifications to your app, thus ensuring high grade application security. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills application security options static network analysis us mobile open researcher who Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Appvigil Appvigil Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details