TITLE: CRM Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Planning and delivering CRM strategies across the company encouraging customer retention and customer loyalty. - Deciding on the CRM platform structure and architecture ensuring it works seamlessly across the organization and captures all required information at key points in the customer life cycle. - Customer Journey Mapping analyzing touch points with the organization and maximizing commercial opportunities. - Working closely with all departments to ensure the CRM works effectively for all aspects of the company. - Overseeing direct communications with customers through the CRM/ SCRM. - Monitor and maximize customer lifetime value strategies ensuring maximum profitability. - Ensuring the database is segmented effectively for targeted marketing activities. - Overseeing the migration of all direct communications to lower cost mediums such as SMS and email. - Developing testing strategies for all aspects of the CRM/ SCRM to ensure the most effective approach for the company and its products. - Plan and execute all web, SEO/ SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns - Train team on handling calls both in- bound and out- bound calls. - Database management. - Design & handle digital marketing & social media marketing initiatives/ campaigns. - Measure effectiveness of campaigns and accordingly make required changes. - Evaluate emerging technologies. Provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate. - Tracking conversion rates & making improvements. - Responsible for planning & budgetary control of all digital marketing. - Evaluating customer research, market conditions. - Data & market analytics. Key Skills: 1.Excellent written, verbal communication skills & presentation. 2. Excellent organizing skills. 3. Excellent Problem solving. 4. IT skills. 5. Interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JVG Consulting JVG Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details