TITLE: Manager(Sales & Marketing)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description/Role and responsibility: - Candidates should have minimum 5- 7 years of experience in the making of Heat Exchanger, Pressure Vessels Manufacturing unit should have complete knowledge for:- Preparation techno commercial bids/tender for most suitable equipment. Follow up of the offer with techno commercial discussion to finalize the deal. Co- ordination between plant and the client for smooth execution of the order and arranging smooth erection and commissioning of the equipment on order. Responsible for sales & after sales services of the company. Billing & developing new customers. Co- ordinating between various departments of the company. Qualification:- Degree or Diploma Mechanical Prod./B.Tech.(Mech.) Prod. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills diploma techno commercial billing pressure vessels b tech sales services after sales services erection and commissioning co ordination heat exchanger Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MEENAKSHI ASSOCIATES (P) LTD Meenakshi Associates, an ISO 9001:2000 certified company, is a veteran in the fabrication industry with its inception in the year 1986. We launched the manufacturing of process equipments at B-8, Site-C, Surajpur Industrial Area, Greater Noida, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar (UP). The unit is situated at a distance of approx. 25 km. from Delhi, one of the largest and fully equipped engineering unit suitable for Design, Manufacture, and Fabrication of Heat Exchangers, Pressure Vessels, Columns, Storage Tanks and Structures according to various National and International codes as per clients\' requirements Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details