TITLE: Web Designer and Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this p> Freelance Job Description Developing web based applications in Astrology, Vastu, Numerology and related areas. Candidate Profile Candidate must be in Web Design/ Development, adobe Creative Suite(Dreamweaver, Flash & Photoshop), ASP, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, DHTML, ASP. NET, VB. NET, SQL, Oracle, VB 6. 0, Basic SEO knowledge is Must. p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql php javascript html seo asp web design photoshop dreamweaver dhtml Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: premastrologer. "The events which led to my exploring the varied dimensions of astrology make up a long journey. As a child I would often watch my father and elder paternal uncle offer advice to clients. They were both renowned for their prophecies, not only in Rampura Phul (Bhatinda), our ancestral home but also gave predictions regarding the entire state and its erstwhile rulers." "Though I had great admiration for their powers and the respect they generated amongst the people, I always wanted to follow a different profession and became a mechanical engineer. But no one can change the destiny. It was destined to become an astrologer. It was only after my predictions for friends and near ones and a few note worthies like death predictions or for acquaintances came true that I reverted back to the following of my ancestors. Then I made a numerous predictions, which were published in the National and Regional Dailies and came true." "Due to my scientific background, the first few years I spent in detailed research and study of astronomy, astrology, numerology, gemology, and Tantras. The Lal Kitab and various other ancient Indian treatises served as a fascinating cornucopia, which I explored along with an increasing clientele whom I value as friends and followers today. After being awarded a degree of Ph.D. for research in Astrological positions and their effect on marriages, providing Astro-consultation to solve people\'s problems has become the sole purpose of my life." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details