TITLE: Senior Engineer - Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: strong> p> Siebel V8. 1 or Above (Desirable: if candidate has worked on Siebel upgrade project) li> Minimum 2 to 4 years on Siebel Tools. li> Should be aware of the Siebel SIA database model li> Should have knowledge if Oracle 10g and above li> Good knowledge in Siebel eScript, Workflow, webservices, Open UI li> should have worked on Siebel Module : Sales (Opportunities, Quotes, Contacts), Events, e-document li> Should have good experience in Siebel Testing (Unit testing, Interface testing) li> Good communication skill to independently intereact with Client li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills webservices development oracle 10g workflow module unit testing upgrade events siebel testing siebel escript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SOPRA GROUP Sopra India a part of Sopra Company is the group dedicated offshore delivery centre and is based out of Noida, India. The centre is ISO 9001:2000 and ISO 27001:2005 certified. Sopra is headquartered in Paris, France with revenue size exceeding 1 billion and 13000 employees\' strength. Our clients belong to fortune 50 list companies, cover a wide range of domains and technology and are spread across continents - Europe & UK; includes many world leaders and brands of international repute. Sopra offers its clients an end to end approach based on a well-honed business mode The Group\'s ambition is to allow its clients to focus on transformation projects that will give them a competitive edge and help them drive growth. The Group also pursues the worldwide deployment of its activities in both application integration and business process management through its subsidiary Axway, a leading provider of Business Interaction Networks, with a complete range of solutions and services. At Sopra, we help build careers. We provide innovative HR practices, growth opportunities and work/ life balance to all our team members. We offer an enriching environment where teams work on exciting projects, including some of the most technically demanding and satisfying development work for our clients across varying domains. We invite qualified and motivated professionals seeking faster and higher growth to join us in this exciting journey. p> Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details