TITLE: Platforms Specialist (gTech Ads)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Maximize business growth by ensuring high adoption/usage of the product in the market. Be the primary day-to-day technical contact for our client set, providing prompt, professional consultative support and service to ensure a high level of customer satisfaction. Lead product launches (post-beta) in region including training for cross-functional teams. Partner with Sales and client facing teams to scope and collect client requirements, provide guidance on best practices, and apply technology and product knowledge to address customer's business and technology needs. Collaborate with internal and external technical and developer teams to drive communication, prioritization, analysis, and resolution of customer challenges and issues. Participate in the analysis and research for complex technical issues and work with senior product escalation teams. Maintain industry, Google product, and customer knowledge to provide successful ad management operational and technical consultation. Lead or contribute to projects that increase operational efficiency by developing internal and external tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills mba ba analytical relationship building market analysis problem solving sql xml javascript google Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.Experience with client side web technologies; HTML, CSS, and JavaScriptExperience with SQL, XML, HTTP protocols and one object-oriented language. Preferred qualifications MBA degree.3 years of customer facing experience, supporting product implementations or support engineering experience.Ability to absorb complex technical concepts and communicate them to a non-technical audience effectivelyStrong analytical and project management skills. Company Profile: Google India Private Limited Google India Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details