TITLE: Media Sales Executive/ Add Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Blueberry Â Digital Labs is a leading young and dynamic integrated digital technology Company with a portfolio of successful brands. We build Web Properties to Scale with constantly evolving designs, content, technology and distribution. We love fun at workplace and encourage creativity sans the hierarchy based disruptions. Our belief is that we are all partners in success. Job Description Experience: 1- 2 years experience in the relevant field Job Description: Contact potential clients to pitch potential advertising opportunities.Â develop and maintain an in- depth understanding of the market place, including regular analysis of competitor activity and identifying opportunities for new product development and new revenue streams. Knowledge of the media industry, advertising, promotions and marketing. Persuading clients to buy advertising space , Finding out who controls the budgets for advertising in their organizations and contacting them Explaining the benefits of your medium, using statistics Co- ordinate campaigns for best results Ensure advertising prices are competitive Prepare campaign plansÂ Advise on ways to improve mailer activityÂ Skills Required: A target orientated disposition and the desire to sell and meet targets. Skill in analyzing clients' needs, including knowledge of how to use advertising to improve the client's business Excellent communication skills and the ability to interact confidently with a variety of people from varying backgrounds. The ability to persuade and convince people of the merits of a product. The ability and confidence to negotiate with people and close them into making decisions. Self- motivated and a can do attitude. Qualifications Â Any graduation and post graduation in marketing/ advertising preferred. Additional Information Other Skills : Committed , Good in Research. Please send your resume at jobs AT blueberrylabs DOT com Job type : Permanent ( In house) Shift : Day shift Location : Waverock Building, TSIIC, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana 500008 I'm intereste Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Blueberry Labs Private Limited Blueberry Labs Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details