TITLE: HEAD-PLACEMENT

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Prepare strategy for placing the students in bulk New Client development to place skilled workers PAN India Responsible for the Placement of candidates trained under short term skills development program and vocational program Handling existing clients and new client acquisition for placement Liaison with various Govt. Departments and preparing numerous reports time to time as and when required. Preparing monthly Placement status report to be submitted To organize the entrepreneurship workshops. To handle alumni affairs, including maintenance of all relevant details of pass out students and alumni association. To arrange entrepreneurship camps and to motivate the students for self-employment. Establishing and managing corporate tie-ups by acting as the face of the organisation. Screening candidates on behalf of the Client as per the requirements. Maintaining healthy relations with the candidates placed with various clients and solving their issues; thereby maintain healthy retention rate of the candidates with the client. Organising and Participating in Job Fairs Delivering Soft-skills and Personality Development sessions. Desired Skills & Experience MBA is preferred 8-12 years of experience in skill development industry with 4-5 years experience in Placement Should be from Education Industry Good written / verbal communication. Good in relationship management skills. Possessing good presentation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills mba relationship management retention handling soft skills maintaining personality development skill development good presentation skills corporate tie ups Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lok Bharti Skilling Solution Pvt. Ltd Lok Bharti works towards harnessing the skills and capabilities of the Indian youth so they have the right and adequate skills to perform the job assigned to them. Our efforts are being made in mobilizing, new training methodologies of skilling and doing industry linkages for placing rural youth. It is in this context that the role of Skill Development organizations becomes vital Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details