TITLE: Senior Manager-Interactive Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Global Markets STRONG> Sapient Global Markets, a part of Publicis.Sapient, is a leading provider of services to todays evolving financial and commodity markets. We provide a full range of capabilities to help our clients grow and enhance their businesses, create robust and transparent infrastructure, manage operating costs, and foster innovation throughout their organizations. We offer services across Advisory, Analytics, Technology, and Process, as well as unique methodologies in program management, technology development, and process outsourcing. Sapient Global Markets operates in key financial and commodity centers worldwide, as well as in large technology development and operations outsourcing centers. For more information, visit www.sapientglobalmarkets.com . P> P> JOB PURPOSE STRONG> Senior Manager with 10 years experience, with at least 3 years experience building Web Applications using MVC frameworks such as Angular, Backbone or Ember. P> JOB RESPONSIBILITIES STRONG> ? Serve as a technical advisor and problem solver to clients, assisting them in optimizing their use of emerging and established technologies ? Architect and manage end-to-end delivery of full-scale web applications ? Work collaboratively in an Agile environment ? Build well-structured UI components that follow best practices ? Convert visual designs to working user interfaces ? Take feedback from users and implement interaction changes ? Guide test strategy, including unit, integration and acceptance testing ? Troubleshoot performance issues P> SKILL REQUIREMENTS STRONG> Expected Competencies: Computer Science ? Strong understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms, Time/ Space Complexity ? Working knowledge of Design Patterns ? Working knowledge of Object-Oriented and/ or Functional Programming ? Experience with Domain-Driven Design ? Experience with RESTful API design ? Experience with Behavior-Driven Development or Specification by Example ? Ability to articulate a solution by applying the S.O.L.I.D. principles P> UI Engineering ? Understand the concept of event loops, single-threaded execution ? Understand the concept of UI virtualization ? Understand the technical details of how UI is rendered on-screen. For example, how does browser render HTML? ? Know the difference between Immediate-mode and Retained-mode of rendering ? Experience handling performance issues with rendering ? Experience profiling, debugging and troubleshooting CPU, Memory and logic issues, preferably with Chrome DevTools P> HTML ? Understand the difference between HTML 4.0 and HTML 5.0 ? Have knowledge of what is new in HTML 5.0 ? Browser differences P> CSS ? Know the various kinds of selectors and their specificity ? Understand the new properties introduced in CSS3 ? Understand CSS directives such as @import, @media, @font-face ? Understand Responsive Web Design ? Understand how selectors are looked up, triggers for Style Recalculation ? Experience with proper structuring of CSS using techniques such as SMACSS, OOCSS or BEM P> JavaScript ? Experience applying Functional and Object-Oriented styles of programming ? Understand details of the prototype chain ? Working knowledge of standard EcmaScript 5 APIs ? Working knowledge of libraries such as: Underscore or LoDash, jQuery ? Experience with MVC frameworks such as AngularJS, Backbone, Ember and React. ? Experience with build tools such as: Grunt, Gulp, SASS, Browserify, RequireJS ? Understand the concept of Promises P> Business Knowledge: Financial services domain experiences would be a plus. Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/ self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure P> P> EXPERIENCE STRONG> P> 12 14 years STRONG> P> EDUCATION STRONG> Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science (lack of a Computer Science degree may be substituted by equivalent professional experience) STRONG> P> BUSINESS UNIT STRONG> Sapient Global Markets P> About Sapient Global Markets: STRONG> Sapient Global Markets, a division of SapientÂ® (NASDAQ: SAPE), is a leading provider of services to todays evolving financial and commodity markets. We provide a full range of capabilities to help our clients grow and enhance their businesses, create robust and transparent infrastructure, manage operating costs, and foster innovation throughout their organizations. We offer services across Advisory, Analytics, Technology, and Process, as well as unique methodologies in program management, technology development, and process outsourcing. Sapient Global Markets operates in key financial and commodity centers worldwide, including Boston, Calgary, Chicago, Dusseldorf, Frankfurt, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Milan, New York, Singapore, Washington D.C. and Zurich, as well as in large technology development and operations outsourcing centers in Bangalore, Delhi, and Noida, India. For more information, visit P> P> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript development jquery web design design patterns troubleshooting data structures algorithms agile operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details