TITLE: account director business development client service

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Welcome to Fountainhead Experience Key requirements: Graduate (MBA preferred) with experience of 7+ years in client servicing with focus on the activations segment promotions/school contact programs. Proven ability to build relationships at senior levels Good client contacts in corporate sector Strong presentation skills Creative and structured approach to concept selling and client relationship management. Role Responsibilities: Responsible for individual targets by way of servicing event needs of the existing clients up selling to them. This position will have 60% new business development 40% servicing of existing clients. Ensure seamless client interfacing and project management, with a focus on timely completion of interim and major deadlines. Contribute to the analytical and creative thought process in new business development pitches and ongoing projects. Meeting up with clients to get a brief on their brand presence need for consumer connect. Researching on the brand to get information on brand essence, competition, past consumer connect programs etc. Presentation of the brief to the concept team, work with creative team for ideation conceptualizing. Presentation of the idea to the client so as to communicate the idea in an effective manner. Interact with Production team to ensure effective execution of the activation. Lead guide the team for effective planning, brand understanding ideation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills mba selling events project management new business development analytical activation ideation client creative Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fountainhead Fountainhead Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details