TITLE: Content & Internet Marketing Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Qualities of the Content & Internet Marketing Expert Responsible for using the written word to express ideas or tell a story in a user and search engine friendly manner. Create content using various multimedia formats that can be read, listened to, or viewed onscreen. Can draft a user and search engine friendly content that can stabilize high user engagement on the page. Write viral content that can be highly shared by readers online. Working closely with Internet Marketing, Business Development and technology teams to maintain content standard and company branding in the content which will fulfill the business objective. Responsibilities Develop original content for fiction, non-fiction, and short stories. Use the written word to express story lines and ideas. Can effectively write engaging web pages, press releases, newsletters, articles and blog content Know how to write engaging content for various social media platforms i.e. Facebook Conduct extensive research on various industry based topics Write outlines and rough drafts. Edit content for correct spelling and grammar. Excellent command of contemporary western (US/UK) English language and grammar Perform extensive fact-checking. Maintain blogs to keep in touch with fans and readers. Send out inquiries and submissions to a variety of free and paying outlets Can easily convert word ideas in the appropriate multimedia format like images and videos Research for industry oriented data and information gathering Align content copy with a brand and to help company to stabilize as a brand Can easily write creative punch line and quotes to make content more appealing Skills Good knowledge of SEO in order to effectively utilize keywords in the copy content Good knowledge of various social media platforms and the content needed on those platforms to promote a brand Knowledge of keyword discovery tools to find relevant keywords for the copy content to make it searchable. Knowledge of keyword density, copy content tool to know the exact keyword density and uniqueness of the content. Can easily grab the latest industry updates in order to use them for internet marketing benefits Have a fair knowledge of technical content writing and understand terms commonly used in Information technology. Qualifications Proven experience in writing SEO friendly content 2 years of actual experience in the workplace College or University degree preferred (Preferably in English) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Other Role:IT/Technical Content Developer Keyskills content writing english articles seo social media facebook grammar business development multimedia branding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Omnie Solutions (I) Pvt Ltd At Omnie, we synergize research, technology and creativity to produce innovative solutions, methodologies and processes. Our precision, rationale and technical expertise build sustainable and flexible business solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details