TITLE: Sr. Manager / Manager (Sales)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying and reporting on business opportunities in target markets. li> Representing the business at conferences, trade fairs and networking events. li> Maximizing new business development opportunities. li> Overseeing a sales team. li> Monitoring team\'s performance and motivating them to reach targets. li> Identifying & ensuring new territory development. li> Establish and Maintain relationship with high value clients and providing required solutions for their financial and investment needs. li> Ensuring Channel Development. Through Retail Distributors & Channel Partners. li> Achieving sales targets as per designated budgets using market intelligence. li> Improve market visibility and developing the efficient Channel of Channel Partners, Broker, Business Associates or Freelancer to generate sales. li> Daily monitoring & follow up process for driving sales through the Channel Partners, Brokers or Freelancers. li> Daily reporting of Achievements. li> Doing Performance Review of Channels appointed Delivering consistent sales output utilizing management & monitoring capabilities. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills networking events channel partners new business development market intelligence conferences monitoring performance review sales business Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JD Group Ltd JD Groups business philosophy is deeply rooted on the concept of where trust matters. At JD, Trust is not just another word its a habit.. We understand trust as confidence of clients, employees, shareholders, associates, society and ourselves. Being trustworthy we means that our words are aligned with our actions. We maintain a level of transparency that lets other people feel clear about who we are and what they can expect from us. We treat the trust of others as a sacred gift and committed for our best to never let them down. Rather, it is a culture at JD Group that honors the trust placed in us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details