TITLE: Pre-production & 2D Faculty (Classical Animation)

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Profile: Drawing, Painting, Traditional Animation, Flash, Harmony, Photoshop, Corel Draw, Indesign, Illustrator, Toon Boom. Candidate should have working experience of minimum 4 years in a production studio and over 2 years as faculty with training institutes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Animation / Gaming Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Special Education Teacher Keyskills photoshop corel draw illustrator animation indesign toon boom pre production flash painting drawing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliance Animation Advance diploma in animation film making is an industry centric animation film-making program. The course starts with laying strong foundations in Art, Film Language, Filmmaking Fundamentals, Visual Exploration, Design & Stylization for Animation as well as the Process & Production flow from Ideation to Script and Script to Screen. Thereafter, the course is devoted to Digital Animation where you will learn to create assets and animate them in virtual setting. You will learn the animation principles and practically apply them on your created characters. Then the course advances through various other processes like character acting, lighting, cloth, fur, dynamics, particles and rendering. The course concludes with the production of a portfolio short film; produced, directed, animated, composited and edited with sound by the students. Other than delivering the conceptual understanding and production process, the students will also gain real-time exposure to industry demands of creative and business challenges of animation. The practical exposure is structured to be an exhaustive combination of handholding, analytical and self-learning experience for the students. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details