TITLE: Developer Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong technical and platform knowledge, including some or all of Management & Collaboration Microsoft Project, Microsoft Excel, SharePoint, JIRA, Confluence Languages and Frameworks mdash Middleware: Java/ J2ee, Spring Suite (Core, Security, Data-JPA, MVC, Integration), Activiti/ JBPM, JAXB, Apache POI, Active MQ mdash Frontend: GWT, Vaadin, JQuery, Ajax, JavaScript, CSS, JSON mdash Persistence: JPA, Hibernate Configuration and Build Management mdash SVN, Jenkins/ Hudson, Apache Ant, Maven, Microsoft TFS Databases & Application Servers mdash Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, Tomcat, Apache httpd OS / Environment mdash Windows, Unix RHEL Business Intelligence & Analytics mdash Tableau, QlikView, PowerPivotAnalyst Portal application is a GWT based platform used by a majority of product operations analyst in Markit. mdash Data Challenge application is a GWT based BPM (Activiti) application backed by spring framework and used by majority of pricing products in Markit. mdash Human Resources portal is developed using Vaadin framework and backed by spring & hibernate framework and used by every employee of Markit. mdash Intranet on SharePoint is the central collaboration platform used enterprise wide. The role requires tight collaboration with product managers and business analysts to develop the products according to the business schedule. This position will require working in multiple smaller teams at the same time and ability to switch teams/ projects as the fast-paced business grows and evolves. This position will require completely owning and drive technical projects. Suitable candidate will be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects. This position will also require ability to research, conceptualize, design, develop, deploy, maintain and enhance the products. General and deep experience with Core Java concepts and J2EE technologies are a must. Experience with spring framework is a must. Knowledge of AJAX based frameworks is a plus. Knowledge of relational database and SQL is must and knowledge of stored procedures / triggers is plus. Knowledge of Hibernate/ Web Services is desirable. Also deep understanding and in-knowledge on design / architecture / performance of products is highly desirable p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills j2ee oracle unix javascript hibernate ajax core java windows jquery configuration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details