TITLE: Art Director

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for ( immediate) Art Director with minimum 10 years of experience. The incumbent should have knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production. Hands on experience in Operations Analysis & Social Perceptiveness. Education- Graduation/ Any Graduation/ Post Graduation/ Diploma Key Responsibilities To formulate basic layout design or presentation approach, and specify material details, such as style and size of type, photographs, graphics, animation, video and sound. To oversee the artistic design of advertisements and print materials preparation of Client\ 's requirements post discussions with the entire team. During pre- production, responsible for commissioning all special effects, hiring requirements and organizing the casting requirements also. To facilitate the production designer\ 's creative vision for all the locations and sets that eventually give the film its unique visual identity. Review illustrative material to determine if it conforms to standards and specifications. Confer with creative, art, copy- writing, or production department heads to discuss client requirements and presentation concepts, and to coordinate creative activities. The art director is not only responsible for the \ "look\ " of an ad but is also part of a creative team responsible for developing the very concept. An art director and a copywriter ( who writes the ads) may decide on an advertising concept together. Then they determine how the ad will look and what it will say. To create a rough layout; the layout shows where the copy will go, selection of fonts & colours & how the picture will look like. Post approval of the layout by the client; optimum utilization of the resources available in the agency Confer with clients to determine objectives, budget, background information, and presentation approaches, styles, and techniques. Responsible for the quality of the finished good. Responsible for the art department budget and schedule of work, and help the production designer to maximize the money allocated to the department. Must tightly control the budget by preparing & monitored on a spreadsheet Behavioral Attributes: Active Listener Time Management Critical & Strategic Thinker Salary:Salary is commensurate with experience & as per industry norms Salary: Salary is commensurate with experience & as per industry norms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Art Director/Senior Art Director Keyskills website graphics diploma animation commissioning hiring organizing tools layout standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:M.A Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sepia Advertising Pvt. Ltd Sepia Advertising Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details