TITLE: GFS Associate Regulatory reporting

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Division Global Finance Services India is a part of RBS's Global Finance network providing a range of support services to multiple?franchises?and functions across RBS globally.? GFS has a functional structure and?are hubbed as global Centres of Excellence The Specialist Area The RWA & Regulatory CoE is responsible for Risk Weighted Assets (RWA)/Capital reporting and other regulatory reporting analysis for RBS eg mortgage reporting and arrears and impairments reporting. As specialists in this field the team is in a unique position to bridge both finance and risk disciplines in order to meet reporting obligations and support delivery of business objectives.? Individuals in the team have experience and act as SMEs on one or more of Credit, Market and Counterparty Risk, Securitization and other regulatory returns. RWAs, in particular, are a key factor in business decision making and profitability, especially in the current economic climate.? This means the role has a high profile and will require day to day dealings with management. The key customers of the team include the businesses, Executives, Chief Accountants Department, Business Partnering and ultimately the PRA The Responsibilities Purpose of the role: ? Responsibility for the delivery and integrity of monthly regulatory information Responsibility in preparing and delivering source system reconciliations Responsible for delivery of elements of substantiated and materially accurate capital and other regulatory data Responsible for data integrity, enabling financial forecasting and rich modelling to be performed on an accurate & timely basis. Provide and support input into the end to end control and ownership of divisional and legal entity regulatory data The role involves participating in a team across GFS India and UK who are responsible for co-ordinating and delivering the appropriate regulatory reporting ?activity. Key Accountabilities: ? Ensure that PRA regulatory outputs are produced on an accurate and timely basis in line with SLAs, including calculating and posting of all planned and ad hoc adjustments. Contribute in production of RWAs in accordance with Basel rules and the banks framework of RWAs Production and Review of MI packs including business commentary for stakeholder sign-offs with particular emphasis on Trading Book RWAs including Market Risk, Securitization and Counterparty Credit Risk Production and Review of PRA regulatory returns and key SDPs in accordance with CAD deadlines Provide ad-hoc analysis and challenge as required to support management in RWA and other regulatory decisions Identification and development of options to address issues relating to change and process improvement Build strong relationships with stakeholders to ensure output reports are of a high quality and fit for purpose Support stakeholders who require analysis and commentary of the business capital position Update processes / outputs to reflect changes to reporting deliverables in response to mandatory or BAU project changes Maintaining an up-to-date process note repository Adherence to the relevant control frameworks Manage or contribute to mandatory and business change requests The Requirements Skills, knowledge and experience needed to do the role Essential Experience: (Must have skills):- Previous employment with a Financial Institution or Consulting Firm in Regulatory Reporting with experience in Basel II, Basel III, COREP Good understanding on derivative products including concepts such notionals and MTM, Counterparty Credit Risk, Securitization, Market Risk and Value at Risk Experience working on complex products like derivatives particularly on capital requirements Prior experience of working in a globally distributed team in a leading bank Business knowledge Knowledge of Banking environment Technical knowledge Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office, including strong Excel skills. Technical accounting skills. Understanding of Banking business and products an advantage. Working knowledge of the Groups structure and systems an advantage. Education/Professional qualifications Degree or Graduate CA, MBA (Finance) FRM, PRM desirable ? ? Supplementary Experience: (Useful additional skills):- ? Interface with key individuals at a peer level and above within the business unit Understanding and knowledge of the drivers of business performance. Good problem-solving skills, with proven ability to apply finance knowledge and experience to a diverse range of financial issues. Strong numeracy skills Ability to break down complex problems into their core components and communicate the issues concisely Able to work under pressure maintaining accuracy and meet tight deadlines Success Profile (Qualifiers for the role) ? Experience in Basel II, Basel III, COREP Understanding of one or more of Credit, Counterparty, Securitization and Market Risk RWA framework and other regulatory requirements like mortgage reporting and arrears and impairment reporting Understanding of banking products including trading book products Knowledge MS Access, SQL, SAS Prior team management experience Technical Competence required: ? Identify essential and desirable technical knowledge required, including level of knowledge. ? Knowledge on Regulatory reporting / Statutory reporting and Changes going-in around these enviornment Strong knowledge and Experience in Basel II ?including the key impacts of Basel II and Basel III Knowledge on Basel III changes and its impact Ability to influence and communicate at executive level ? Experience: ? Previous experienceof 3-5 years in Financial Services in a finance role - essential Previous experience in working with a team of accountants to ensure reporting responsibilities are completed correctly and in a timely manner - essential Prior experience of working in a globally distributed team in a leading bank - desirable Other Significant Role Requirements: ? Good communication and articulation skills Problem Solving Should have a business focused approach in terms of MI requirements Ability to break down complex problems into their core components and communicate the issues concisely Able to work under pressure maintaining accuracy and meet tight deadlines Ability to engage with onshore stakeholders and work collaboratively with the London team to implement the extended team model in earnest Contact Details Grade : 6 Hiring Manager : Varsha Jain Recruiter? : Sangeeta Mahadevan Last date to apply : 13th Oct, 2015 Applications without CV will not be considered