TITLE: Quality Assurance Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Department The Processing testing grouprsquos primary focus is on the testing phase of the product development cycle. The group also has a responsibility to champion quality and process improvements in the delivery of all applications that are owned by MarkitSERV, including MarkitWire, MTM, PortRec and DSMatch, Loan Settlement products. The testing group covers manual functional testing, automation testing and non-functional testing. Approximately 87 people work as part of Processing testing across a number of locations -- London, New York and Gurgaon. The strategic direction is the global harmonisation of tools and approaches across development, functional automation and non-functional testing, as well as a closer link between manual and automation testers. Position Summary Markit is seeking an experienced QA Analyst to join its Markit India operation. The individual will support global product test teams by contributing in execution, design, maintenance of test automation assets written in VB script. Duties & Accountabilities Execute Smoke, Sanity and Regression scripts written in QTP. Execute/run test cases, review test results and report defects. Write and maintain reusable code. Design and write automated test cases. Convert/translate manual test scripts to automated test scripts Business Competencies Education and experience Mandatory - Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject Mandatory - Experience (3-5 Yrs) in Automation Testing using QTP Mandatory - Proficiency in VB scripting Good to have - Experience in Automation Framework designing Good to have - Proficiency in SQL or any other database Good to have - Exposure to Financial Markets domain Good to have - Experience in Test Planning & Execution, Test Estimation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills sql qtp test cases computer science tools test scripts automation framework regression assets automation testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details