TITLE: Datastage Lead Developer, 5-8 yrs Exp, Hyderabad, Immediate Joiner Req

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have immediate positions for DataStage Lead Developer with 5-8 Years Exp at Trainz, Hyderabad. Immediate joiner required. Role : DataStage Lead Developer Exp : 5- 8 years Job Location: Hyderabad Core Skills: Hands-on leadership for complex ETL delivery initiatives for data warehouses and related applications using industry standard toolsets. Proven Experience with IBM DataStage version 9.x and above in a development environment. Experience with Informatica Powercenter 8.X would be added advantage. Should know Oracle PL/SQL and AIX/UNIX, Schedulers, SQL. Should have good communication skills Should be proficient in using advanced features like datasets, RCP, partitioning, handling large volume of data, parallel extenders, Data transformation, external loaders, performance tuning etc. Should understand DWH concepts, schemas, Slowly Changing Dimensions, Facts and Dimensions and implementation of the same. Optional Skills: IBM COGNOS, IBM Infosphere Suite of products Like QualityStage, Workbench, Information Server etc Roles& Responsibilities: 1. Works independently as an experienced lead DataStage developer with responsibilities for coding, testing as well as in a lead role guiding others with the same responsibilities. 2. Support both development and production support activiites. 3. Provides technical consulting and leadership in identifying and implementing new uses of information technologies, which assist the functional business units in meeting their strategic objectives. 4. Acts as technical resource to lead Delivery staff in all phases of the development and implementation process. 5. Prepare estimates for project work. 6. Oversees the technical direction of design and development to ensure alignment with architecture, business requirements, and industry best practices. 7. Enforces the utilization of accepted methodology and tools in a disciplined manner, which may include execution of key technical reviews at project gates/milestones. 8. Maintains cross-functional project plans for each project. 9. Directs Development Life Cycle. 10. Coordinates with onsite/offshore delivery team client managers/business analyst. 11. Represents the Delivery team at all meetings. 12. Identifies and communicates issues appropriately. 13. Ensures that all deliverables assigned to team members are completed according to planned dates, and with quality. 14. Supports and promotes the reuse of assets/artifacts 15. Creates project documents as needed. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5-8 years of Hands on experience as a Datastage DeveloperThe job location is based out of HyderabadImmediate joiner required Company Profile: ViXi IT Solutions Recruitment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details