TITLE: Channel sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Financial Responsibility 1. Achieve assigned revenue quotas 2. Developing and managing partner pipeline of qualified opportunities for future quarters with an emphasis on market development. 3. Manage partner program budget for optimal utilization 4. Customize and roll out partner incentive programs Customer Relationship Management: 1. Working with the partner in their initial prospects to be able to demonstrate and sell ldquosales managementrdquo role whilst personally being hands on in the sales cycle. Service Delivery: 1. Recruiting and expanding Partners network across Singapore & Malaysia through event or other marketing activities/ campaigns 2. Day-to-day relationship management and pipeline development / progression with partners 3. Developing existing Partners , creating OEM alliances, resellers 4. Partner retention 5. Aggressively drive partners to maximize sales and total partnership potential through sales best practices, training and support 6. Providing a business case to executive management for each partner, drawing up and signing partnerships agreements with the chosen partners 7. Providing timely and accurate forecasts to Regional Sales Head 8. Work with Partner Support management to ensure that the partner is adequately trained to sell, implement and support products Process Improvement: 1. Implement SOP for Partner-led sales program including customer acquisition, billing and collection Knowledge and skills Qualification: Graduates , MBA preferred. Experience: 1. 4-6 years experience in Sales/Account Management 2. 4 years in sales channel management 3. Thorough understanding of channel led sales processes, techniques Region or Industry Experience: 1. Experience in channel-led sales 2. Experience in selling CRM/ ERP/ enterprise communication software products is preferred 3. Experience of selling in SE Asia is mandatory 4. Experience in selling to mid-to-senior management. Behavioral Skills 1. Very good business judgement 2. Very good analytical skills 3. Very good written and oral communication skills 4.Very good people management skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills channel sales mba selling crm development account management relationship management erp market development alliances Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nestor Sourcing Inc Nestor Sourcing Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details