TITLE: PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description p> Design, develop & maintain a scalable, high traffic website. li> Experience of software development process and deploying quality software releases on schedule using agile methods such as feature driven deployment. li> Technical review of functional releases and to evaluate the impact of proposed changes. li> Ensure adherence to coding and data security standards. Make modifications to sites look & feel. li> Build custom connectors / Ajax APIs to integrate backend applications with JavaScript. li> Manage database. Ensure application deployment from various development stages to production. li> ul> Desired Candidate Profile p> Minimum Qualification: Fresher with exceptional PHP knowledge may be considered. At least 1 year experience in developing applications using PHP will be preferred. li> Required Technology Skills: Solid understanding of PHP and database design concepts. (Drupal, joomla, word press preferred) li> Experience with PHP5, JavaScript, MySQL, APIs, 3rd Party Integration, HTML5, Ajax, HTML li> Capability of grasping new technologies/ frameworks. li> Knowledge/ Experience in Agile environment is a plus. li> ul> li> Required Professional Skills: Passionate to work in a start-up small team and a mind set to scale a product platform li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql javascript html mysql ajax development joomla software development drupal agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nine Digital We create better customer experience by combining the use of technology, creativity, insights and analytical expertise to improve marketing of your products and services. Nine Digital has grown in reputation as an Integrated Digital Marketing Solutions service provider in a short period of time. The organisation was founded in 2013 by an experienced Digital Marketing Professional Mahimvir Singh (@mahims). He has worked as a subject matter expert in Digital Marketing space for 17 years with leading multi-national corporations namely Microsoft India, Hewlett Packard and Compaq in Dubai for Europe Middle East and Africa region, HCL Comnet and Aircel in India, where he has led their digital marketing and development teams and their operations across regions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details