TITLE: Associate Director - Urban Advisory

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: ? Functional Responsibility / Domain Related ? Project - manage assignment modules or complete assignments (depending on size and complexity) in terms of all aspects i.e. assignment quality, timelines, profitability of execution, client satisfaction/relationship, billing and collection, debtor management, assignment related compliances and team morale. ? Use domain strengths to generate business by developing client relationships, identify / generate leads, make effective pitches, write effective proposals, etc. in his/her area of domain strength. ? Act as depository of skills/knowledge and share knowledge and develop execution capacity in the identified domain area(s) to ensure that business stays current on market insights and has capability to scale up execution in the identified domain area(s) (this will entail nurturing talent and mentoring other team members) ? Should be open to work on assignments unrelated to current domain strengths in the analytical capacity, simultaneously building knowledge / skills in such new areas. ? Act as reviewer of the deliverables executed by other teams to ensure an independent quality check of the deliverables. ? Should be open to work on assignments across locations in In dia and abroad. This would imply a willingness to travel and be stationed at client site depending on the requirements of the assignment. ? Support in outreach activities by writing articles, speaking at conferences, in - house research and participating in business development meetings. Stay alert to changing customer needs and give feedback for business development in terms of identification of new concepts / products / tools / services relevant to the market and support development of new specific offering s ? Process Adherence ? Responsible for billing, collections, assignment profitability and adherence to assignment level processes and quality control mechanisms. ? Adherence to internal processes relating to correct reporting on the assignments and overall organization level compliances . ? Client Management / Stakeholder Management ? Extensive interactions with client to understand expectations from the assignment and the ability to identify the core issue. Further ability to clearly explain the analysis and how the same addresses the core issue of the client. ? Stay alert to changing customer needs and come out with suggestions in terms of identification of new concepts/products/tools/services relevant to the market and support development of new specific offerings. ? People Development ? Retention of key people, development of people and performance management of the team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Corporate Advisory Keyskills Associate Director - Urban Advisory Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:CA, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Profile: ? High energy levels in multi - tasking across engagements or Organizational initiatives. ? Strong client relationship development and management skills ? Ability to identify business opportunity and convert it into a mandate ? Strong project conceptualization , planning and analytical skills ? Strong team and client management capabilities ? Strong communication skills (written and oral) ? Ability to manage senior level intera ctions within client organizations ? Ability to work long hours and under pressure ? Ability to manage cultural diversities Essential Qualifications : ? Two years full - time MBA (Finance) or equivalent or CA ? 7 - 9 years of relevant experience . Company Profile: CRISIL CRISIL Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details