TITLE: Manager/Specialist Experience Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Global Markets b> Sapient Global Markets, a part of Publicis.Sapient, is a leading provider of services to todays evolving financial and commodity markets. We provide a full range of capabilities to help our clients grow and enhance their businesses, create robust and transparent infrastructure, manage operating costs, and foster innovation throughout their organizations. We offer services across Advisory, Analytics, Technology, and Process, as well as unique methodologies in program management, technology development, and process outsourcing. Sapient Global Markets operates in key financial and commodity centers worldwide, as well as in large technology development and operations outsourcing centers. For more information, visit www.sapientglobalmarkets.com p> JOB PURPOSE b> Manager XT, leads and mentors team within and across projects, architects front end applications as well as provides guidance on Experience technologies and delivery best practices. The person also manages clients and represents Sapients expertise and thought leadership in Experience technologies and applications. Would also drive and enhance Sapient development methodologies (SA3) p> JOB RESPONSIBILITIES b> Client-facing -Understand Clients business problems and engage in Client servicing to manage peer-level Client relationships -Develop an accurate and realistic design plan along with risk mitigation solutions for the project p> Team collaboration -Liaison with Information Architects and Designers to finalize the usability and feasibility of interface designs -Effectively communicate responsibilities to the track leads and mentor a collaborative team to deliver Client expectations -Stay abreast with the latest technologies and regularly guide integration and implementation of Front-End Interfaces on multiple platforms p> Personal Attributes -Strong, innovative and initiative-seeking approach to problem solving and finding solutions -Flexible and proactive/ self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution -Strong communication skills with sound articulation and comprehension -Ardent desire to explore and learn emerging interactive technologies -Distinct point of view and ability to demonstrate leadership skills p> SKILL REQUIREMENTS b> -Excellent knowledge of hand-coded HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript -Hands-on experience working with Object Oriented JavaScript (OOJS), JavaScript libraries and their practical uses in building complex interactive experiences -Hands-on experience working with client-side templating languages like Handlebars, Mustache, etc. -Hands-on experience working with frontend build systems and automating the same using Grunt / Gulp -Familiarity with MV* frameworks (AngularJS, Backbone.js, or similar) and knowledge of common JavaScript design patterns -Hands-on experience working with TDD in JS with the help of frameworks like Jasmine, Mocha, Karma etc. -Experience using fluid grids, and building responsive/ adaptive websites using Bootstrap etc. -Understanding of SEO and accessibility issues and how they relate to development -Moderate to Strong graphics manipulation/ optimization skills using Photoshop -Hands-on experience working with server-side JavaScript frameworks based on Node.js is a plus p> p> Business Knowledge b> : Financial services domain experiences would be a plus. Personal Attributes b> : a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/ self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure EXPERIENCE b> 8-12 years EDUCATION b> Full Time Bachelors / Masters degree (Science or Engineering preferred) BUSINESS UNIT b> Sapient Global Markets p> About Sapient b> Sapient, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing, and technology. The company operates three divisions that enable clients to gain a competitive advantage and succeed in an increasingly digital world. SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services fuse insight, creativity, and technology to drive innovation and to help clients navigate complex business problems. Our approach is the subject of case studies used by MBA programs at Harvard and Yale. The company has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. For more information, visit Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills javascript development seo photoshop design patterns server operations http graphics analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details