TITLE: Enterprise Application Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is regarding a position for Enterprise Application Advisor Â with our direct client located in Bangalore and Hyderabad. If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: Enterprise Application Advisor Location: Hyderabad and Bangalore Preferences Bachelor of Engineering or Master of Computer Applications 6-10 years of experience in SQL Server/Oracle, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Database performance tuning, Database administration (optional) Strong understanding and extensive experience: o Experience with web service integrations (SOAP, WSDL, XML). o Working knowledge of XSLT. o Workday Integration tool kit Core Connectors, EIBs, Report designer & Studio. o Experience with iterative or agile software development methodologies Designing and developing the solution using the Workday Integration Tool Kit - Core Connectors, EIBs, Document Transforms, and Workday Studio. Understands business requirements, configures the solution, develops prototype systems and assists with testing. Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills SQL Oracle Stored Procedures SOAP Integration tool Studio Report designer EIBs Connectors XSLT WSDL XML Desired Candidate Profile 1) Looking for Immediate joiner.(or mam 15 days not more than that) Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Leading IT MNC About VARITE VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details