TITLE: Associate, Quality Assurance Analyst, Pricing Data

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Markit is looking for a proactive , self-starting test analyst to join its operations. The position is ideal for a hands on test analyst working to develop , maintain and execute test cases and suites across the applications Duties & Accountabilities Identify test cases that are suitable for build / execution Working from product documentation as well as through collaboration with staff in different geographic locations , create and maintain test cases and scripts to required quality levels Liaise with QA team to plan and prioritise tasks in a timely and transparent manner Execute manual system tests and identify those that can be automated for regression purposes. Maintain all test artefacts in the HP ALM / Quality Centre repository. Liaise with development and the business to ensure deadlines are met. Support releases with post release testing. Business Competencies University graduate or equivalent of a computer science or information systems degree. Demonstrable system / regression testing experience , ideally in a financial environment. Good understanding of software systems and development. Experience working with V-model and RAD / agile development life-cycle methodologies. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ISEB / ISTQB Certification. Knowledge and experience of financial markets (desirable) Demonstrated ability to work in a globally distributed software development team (desirable) Good understanding of relational databases , SQL , stored procedures and other data manipulation technologies. Understanding and ability to apply software Testing techniques (equivalence partitioning , boundary value analysis , path analysis etc.) is essential. Good understanding of various stages of testing and how different techniques are used. Experience in interpreting the results of both manual and automated test cases. Personal Competencies Proactive and able to work independently with minimal supervision High standard of written work. Strong analytical skills are essential. Able to work independently with minimal supervision. Display energy , drive and stamina. Open minded , flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. Focused on delivery. Must be an excellent communicator both written and verbally Must be able to work in a team environment. Ability to function well within a team environment alongside operation and product analysts , developers and quants across geographical locations is essential Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills software development operations documentation test cases computer science regression testing pricing life cycle alm proactive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit Ltd. Markit is a leading global diversified provider of financial information services providing products that enhance transparency, reduce risk and improve ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details