TITLE: Manager- Big Data Practice

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this p> li> Experience knowledge with one or multiple tools like; Apache/ Cloudera/ Horton Works/ Intel editions of Hadoop and its associated eco systems (tools; Hbase, Hive, Pig, Mahout, ZooKeeper etc. ). li> Experience and knowledge in search tools Solr and integration frameworks like Mule will be advantage li> Experience in data management techniques like; Harmonization, integration, cleansing & standardization will be added advantage. li> Experience in defining business & technology solutions & frameworks with big data tools & technology li> Hands on experience in sizing Hadoop clusters, installation configurations and adopting best practices li> li> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills tools data management apache standardization experience integration knowledge hadoop be eco Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RINALYTICS ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects.The team at Rinalytics brings to bear a combination of industry-specific expertise and an unrivalled reputation for delivery on key positions. Our depth of experience, subject matter expertise, specialization approach and thought leadership results in constantly delivering quality outcomes by aligning our search processes to achieve extraordinary client experience Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details