TITLE: Function Leader - Account Management

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: Managing High Ticket Customers Management and mining of existing clients Play an integral role in new businesspitches and hold responsibility for the effective on-boarding of new clients Boosting revenue generation throughexisting corporate clients Focusing on growing and developing existingclients, together with generating new business in the field of HR services& solutions (Payroll, Compliance, Technology, Staffing, etc. ) Analytical approach with respect to growthpotential Responsible for the development andachievement of sales Act as the key interface between thecustomer and all relevant divisions Close co-ordination with all HODs toredefine business strategies and create effective delivery modules. Developing & maintaining good contactswith all CXO level people at customerrsquos end, to strengthen business roots andincrease pocket share Part of the process improvement teamoperating through HO for redefining effective and profitable process. CTQs Qualification: B. tech/MBA (B. tech MBA willbe preferred) At least 12 years of working experienceincluding minimum last 6 years relevant experience Able to think creatively, result orientedand drives consistent vertical performance. Highly proactive in keeping abreast withthe latest trends in the HR industry Possesses strong interpersonal andcommunication skills Strong business acumen and good projectmanagement skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills mba development account management staffing drives mining payroll proactive business acumen process improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PeopleStrong HR Services Pvt Ltd PeopleStrong is a leading platform based mpHRO (Multi-process HR Outsourcing) and Technology company, headquartered out of Gurgaon in India. We enable Business Leaders and CEO's in transforming their people agenda. Our customers see us as trustees of HR Transformation, partnering in their prime objective of creating Happy Organizations. We have implemented some of the largest HR Service Centers in Asia Pacific. We deliver employee services across regions and time zones for more than 300,000 employees and have hired more than 40,000 employees through a unique technology interface coupled with high end decision making Tools for people data. We are the first company in the space to be successfully assessed on SSAE16. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details