TITLE: Sales Associate

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greet and acknowledge every customer , maintaining solid product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service. Maintain an awareness of all promotions and advertisements. Assist in processing and replenishing merchandise and monitoring floor stock. Operate a computerized point of sale cash register and inventory management system: including the accurate entering of sales information: receiving payment for products: processing credit card transactions; making correct change; processing refunds , exchanges and voids; and issuing gift certificates and credit slips. Reconcile daily sales and prepare deposits and end of day reports for management. Actively maintain the store appearance including keeping merchandise neatly organized and attractively displayed. Dust and clean shelves regularly , fold t-shirts and arrange merchandise to maintain the highest level of visual presentation. Pre-requisites / Skills Retail Savvy: you understand the complexities that come with working in a luxury retail environment and its customers Goal Oriented: you work hard and strategize in order to achieve daily , monthly and yearly sales goals. Upbeat: you always have a positive and welcoming attitude towards peers and customers. Brand Knowledgeable: you know our brand like the back of your hand including all fits and styles. Fashionable: you are current with trends and are able to make styling recommendations to the customer. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Counter Sales Keyskills direct sales customer service luxury monitoring styling maintaining merchandise work hard product knowledge management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Global Luxury Culture LLP Luxury Finishing School (LFS) is powered by Global Luxury Culture. LFS aspires to bring out the right essence in an Individual and aims to prepare them to face the competitive world of so called perfection in the Luxury Industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details