TITLE: Applied Mechanics Engineer, AMEA R&D Centre

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The candidate needs to be a self-motivated individual skilled in computational and experimental mechanics supporting design of medical device products (Class II & III). The candidate will be an integral member of a cross functional product development team responsible specifically for analysis and testing of components for stress, strain, fatigue, etc. The individual should be a team player who is willing to collaborate and work in cross functional teams across geographies and cultures. Should be comfortable working in a matrix organizational structure. Key Responsibilities / Deliverables - Perform finite element modeling and simulations using ABAQUS/ANSYS/HYPERWORKS or other FEA software. - Successfully apply FEA in early product development stage to assess structural integrity risks and optimize mechanical performance. - Assist team in development of robust mechanical design by imparting knowledge of material properties, strength of materials, component-level mechanical testing etc. - Assist team in material testing (tensile, hardness, impact, bend etc.) as per the ASTM (or other industry recognized) standards. - Work with SMEs on material failure analysis to determine the root cause of failure and make recommendations to the teams. - Verify/validate FEA models by experimentation, hands-on experimental testing and tear down of failed products. - Develop new simulation tools/capabilities as needed - When required help teams to perform appropriate testing to verify product meets design requirements. - Train and/or provide work direction to technicians and less experienced engineers. - Develop and coach others on engineering documentation required as project deliverables. - Lead engineering teams to the successful completion of project goals. - Demonstrate product development knowledge through coaching and delivery of high quality project deliverables. Academic Qualification and Experience - Masters (or higher) degree in engineering (mechanical, biomedical, or equivalent) with 3 years of experience. - Finite element analysis (FEA) and highly non-linear simulation knowledge is required. Experience with non-linear material behaviors of plastics, rubbers, metals, and a shape memory alloy is preferred. Familiarity with the mechanics of soft tissues is a plus. - Previous experience with finite element analysis software, such as ABAQUS, ANSYS or HYPERWORKS, is required. - Strong independent problem solving and analytical skills required. - Previous experience in material testing (tensile, compression, impact, bend, fatigue etc.), failure analysis, and related equipment is a plus. - General engineering design principles, basic knowledge of design of experiments (DOE), design optimization, free-body diagrams and close-form solutions is preferred. - Familiarity with SolidWorks CAD software is a plus. - Ability to work effectively both in a team setting and independently, and manage multiple projects concurrently. - A willingness to learn and adopt new methodologies and skills, and accept new challenges and responsibilities. - Writing skills required to produce high quality technical reports. - R&D / NPD experience in medical device industry is preferred. Soft Skills - Excellent Communication, presentation and interpersonal skills with proficiency in English (verbal and written). - A positive attitude, innovative and creative thinker. - Responsible risk taking and risk management. - Experience in working with global and virtual team and working in a cross cultural environment. Quality System Requirements In all actions, demonstrates a primary commitment to patient safety and product quality by maintaining compliance to the Quality Policy and all other documented quality processes and procedures. For those individuals that supervise others, the following statements are applicable: - Assures that appropriate resources (personnel, tools, etc.) are maintained in order to assure Quality System compliance and adherence to the BSC Quality Policy. - Establishes and promotes a work environment that supports the Quality Policy and Quality System. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills cad product development solidworks modeling ansys abaqus engineering design drafting simulation finite element analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BOSTON SCIENTIFIC We are a leading innovator of medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. Our products and technologies are used to diagnose or treat a wide range of medical conditions, including heart, digestive, pulmonary, vascular, urological, women\'s health, and chronic pain conditions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details