TITLE: Wealth Management Executive/ Consultant

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile This positions requires the candidate to be pro- active, energetic, high on ethics and on- the- toes so as to render his/her services to the tasks mentioned hereafter, effectively. Desired Skills & Experience Must be an Indian citizen, if not a citizen should have a valid permit to work in India. Should be above 21 years of age. Good command over English (Verbal & Written) .. Strong inter- personal skills with a strong sense of professionalism.. Competitive / healthy team player. Good presentation skills. Goal / Result - oriented.. Ability to work effectively with little daily supervision, self- starter. Proficient in MS Office. Duties and Responsibilities Work on the pre- qualified leads to increase account penetration rate for the assigned leads by the Supervisor. Developing and implementing an activity plan in conjunction with assigned leads that maximizes field contacts within the assigned target/ territory. Maintaining accurate records of sales calls, cases opened, actions taken and other related pertinent data. Self monitoring for actual sales results, compared to the set plan forecast and adjusting as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills wealth management ms office english monitoring penetration maintaining professionalism be sales good presentation skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Customer First Concepts Pvt Ltd Our name "Customer First" is our philosphy too. Customer is always First for us. Customer First is our dream of creating exceptionally deligthful customer experience in real estate domain. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details