TITLE: Product Services Analyst

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Data analyst role within the Credit Operations team. The team is responsible for key maintenance of and client support for the flagship CDS product. Duties & Accountabilities Operational maintenance of Markitrsquos Credit products as detailed by Credit ops management team. Delivery of set targets with desired quality parameters. Identify data quality improvement projects. Identification of opportunities to enhance operational efficiency Client (internal and external) support for data. Assist in data analysis and compiling regular metrics of operational activity including data quality statistics User acceptance testing for new or enhanced product functionality. Ensure process documentation is kept updated and accounts for any changes to existing process and is extended to cover new processes. Improve operational efficiency through proposing process enhancements - and then implementing as agreed with the management team. Must have general interest in financial markets, and be keen to expand knowledge. Working knowledge of bonds pricing, entities, and corporate actions is desirable Business Competencies Education and experience Degree level (preferably in finance and/or business) 0-3 yearsrsquo experience in similar industry. Commercial awareness Ideally an understanding of financial alternatively demonstrates a strong interest in the mechanics of financial markets. Understanding of the Bond Markets is preferable but not essential Management requirements Excellent Communication Skills Strong Microsoft Excel and Access Working knowledge of SQL is an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Keyskills accounts sql data analysis bonds pricing corporate actions operational data quality metrics cds Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details