TITLE: Windows System Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Knowledge of server hardware Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012/2008 Administering Windows Server 2012/2008 Designing and Implementing Server Infrastructure Configuring Windows Server 2012/2008 Services Manage IPv6 networking Active Directory Domain Services DNS, DHCP, IIS 8.0, VPN Configuring File Server File Server Resource Manager Configuring Shared Resources Implementing Microsoft Virtualization Technologies. Server Virtualization using Hyper-V, VMware Configuring Advanced Storage Solutions iSCSI Target and Initiator Storage Spaces and Storage Pools and RAID Implementing Security Restrictions Group Policies Implementation & administration Group Policy Preferences Security Policy Implementation & administration Windows patch management Repair and recover from hardware or software failures Maintain data center environmental and monitoring equipment Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required. Skill Sets required Expertise on scripting knowledge - powershell, batch, VB scripting Deep technical understanding of Windows Administration of Server 2008, 2008 R2, Win 2012 OS, Windows 7, installation, troubleshooting, patch management. Good understanding of Windows Infrastructure technologies (e.g. AD, GPO, CIFS, NFS, DFS) Good understanding of virtualization is desirable Good understanding of global support and remote administration is desirable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills networking microsoft vmware troubleshooting active directory performance tuning dns iis vpn windows server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AES Cybernetics Pvt. Ltd AES was established in 2009 and has gown its services in the country on the basis of its outstanding service record, collaborative partnerships, innovation and corporate responsibility. AES provide End-to-End IT solution and services & is well equipped with all the latest technologies it satisfy the needs of our clients in IT sector. AES has served many of the Indian and multi-national organization in IT sector & our ability to support a full range of sustainability initiatives starts with delivering superior customer services and meaningful business advantage. The experienced, knowledgeable and technically sound professionals constitute AES IT services & as party of our client-first culture, we place best professionals onsite with a client team to ensure flawless alignment. This approach ensures superior service in helping our customers reduce their IT operational costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details