TITLE: Associate, Quality Assurance Analyst, WSO

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary p> Markit is looking for a proactive, self-starting test analyst to join its operations. The position is ideal for a hands on test analyst working to develop, maintain and execute test cases and suites across the applications p> Duties & Accountabilities p> Identify test cases that are suitable for build / execution Working from product documentation as well as through collaboration with staff in different geographic locations, create and maintain test cases and scripts to required quality levels Liaise with QA team to plan and prioritise tasks in a timely and transparent manner Execute manual system tests and identify those that can be automated for regression purposes. Maintain all test artefacts in the HP ALM / Quality Centre repository. Liaise with development and the business to ensure deadlines are met. Support releases with post release testing. p> Business Competencies p> University graduate or equivalent of a computer science or information systems degree. Demonstrable system/ regression testing experience, ideally in a financial environment. Good understanding of software systems and development. Experience working with V-model and RAD/ agile development life-cycle methodologies. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ISEB / ISTQB Certification p> Personal Competencies p> Proactive and able to work independently with minimal supervision High standard of written work. Strong analytical skills are essential. Able to work independently with minimal supervision. Display energy, drive and stamina. Open minded, flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. Focused on delivery. Must be an excellent communicator both written and verbally Must be able to work in a team environment p> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills operations documentation test cases computer science regression testing life cycle alm proactive problem solving skills strong analytical skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details