TITLE: Associate, Quality Assurance Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Markit is seeking an experienced Test/QA Analyst to join its Markit India operation. The individual will support global product test teams by: Developing system test scripts from functional specifications Running and maintaining test scripts Strong Database knowledge Able to write SQL Queries. API testing. This position will involve hands-on test build /execution in the financial domain working as a part of highly motivated team. It is a highly technical position and will require knowledge of JAVA, SQL, stored procedures and other data manipulation technologies. The ability to build custom test tools would be a considerable advantage, as would knowledge of financial services. Duties & Accountabilities Working with business team members, analysing and reviewing requirements as well as informal user stories Developing, designing and executing test cases/data from requirements and user stories Working with developers on automated unit and system testing Maintaining and executing automated tests for integration and regression Assist with test planning and reporting test status Logging and managing defects. Reporting and escalating risks. Understanding and ability to apply software Testing techniques (equivalence partitioning, boundary value analysis, path analysis etc.) is essential. Good understanding of various stages of testing and how different techniques are used Experience in interpreting the results of both manual and automated test cases. Good understanding of relational databases, SQL, stored procedures and other data manipulation technologies. Understanding XML files and interpreting results provided in the format. Knowledge of ALM and Jira Strong Knowledge of JAVA and frameworks like Junit, TestNG.& DbUnit Knowledge and experience of financial markets Demonstrated ability to work in a globally distributed software development team Business Competencies Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science or equivalent subject Minimum 3 yearsrsquo experience in QA or Development Experience working in an Agile development environment Experience working in end-to-end test lifecycles and understanding the differences between types of tests performed at each stage Experience in QA automation or development required Experience with developing or testing web, database and web services / API technologies required Experience with JAVA, ALM, FitNesse, QTP/UFT, Junit, Jenkins an advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills java xml software development qtp junit api system testing jira computer science financial services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit Ltd. Markit is a leading global diversified provider of financial information services providing products that enhance transparency, reduce risk and improve ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details