TITLE: Office Coordinator / Secretary

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required : Making Tender, Quotations, Performa Inovice, Draffing letters etc. Internet suffering, work on Microsoft Outlook, Word & Excel. Correspondence with clients with regard to payments and details. Maintaining and updating receipts data of dispatching material. Co-ordinating with the clients regarding order & samples. Co-ordinate with day to day work. Maintain the data of samples, material & exhibitions on Excel & Word. Keep Friendly Environment in organization Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Secretary/PA Keyskills co correspondence payments maintaining exhibitions tender office coordinator excel samples internet Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: M M Enterprises Welcome to MM Enterprises, an Indian Government authorized recruitment agency in India since 1994. MM Enterprises has been offering recruitment services for last 2 decades to clients across the world and in all the major verticals. What differentiates us from a numerous other recruitment agencies in India is primarily the talent pool that we manage and our recruitment process methodology, that starts from a through need analysis of a company to presentation and reference check. Further, to highlight our credentials as one of the premiere recruitment agency in India we offer 2 sample CVsto our potential clients to demonstrate the kind of talent that they would expect from us. Apart from Recruitment, MM Enterprises has also expanded its services to Payroll Management services in India to foreign companies that are looking for agencies to handle their payroll management. Being a leading manpower recruitment consultant in India we best understand your manpower requirements and provide targeted solutions with your best interests at heart. MM Enterprises is one of the most trusted recruitment agencies in India and we are the first choice as Recruitment consultants in India for many fortune 500 clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details