TITLE: Telecaller-IT Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong Outbound telesales/ sales background with experience of international calling( UK/ Europe) . The generation of new customers/ clients through telesales and the retention of business from them. Call new business to establish and develop relationships with the aim to convert them into customers. Maintain regular communication with potential customers. Ensure all new customers start sending projects at the earliest possible Ensure all follow- up procedures to all potential customers are correctly maintained within the specified time scales. Handling of customer price enquiries To carry out any ad hoc tasks as required from time to time. Develop relationships with key customers, recognising their diversity, in seeking to add value to the services provided. Musts: Excellent communication skills ( verbal and written) and being able to communicate with people of all levels. Excellent telephone manner with the ability to be persuasive and the ability to remain calm and professional when under pressure. A positive attitude towards staff, customers and prospects. The ability to work on own initiative as well as in consultation with colleagues in a positive and harmonious manner Flexible and able to adapt to changes in the working environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills telesales calling retention handling procedures customers excellent communication skills communication relationships it sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nethues Technologies (P) Ltd. Nethues Technologies (P) Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details