TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Looking for Strong, Confident & Talented Sales & Marketing professional with minimum 3 yrs of exp. in Sales of IT Products & Services in Domestic Market. Should be able to meet the business targets of the company. Should be able to close deals and handle negotiations. Good with the decision making. Responsible for revenue generation for the organization. Strong Networking Skills. Should have Good communication, analytically and negotiation skills. Should be able to close deals independently. Should Manage Strong business relations with business across Globe. Generate New Clients & Orders. Responsible for effective relationship management Involved in Business Development. Build New Customers/Suppliers. Should have high Leads Conversion rate. Deal Closure using good negotiation skills. Capability of target based business generation. Must Cover Target Market of Surrounding Areas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills relationship management networking skills sales marketing good negotiation skills business development manager decision making revenue generation domestic market marketing it business generation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Acentering HR Established since 2012, Acenterings HRO services cover the entire employee life cycle with the company life cycle. We offer a heightened level of rigor to HR processes focusing on all HR activities such as talent management, training, learning & development, operational execution & metrics, allowing the organization to focus on their core activities of business. Our comprehensive suite of HR transactional services is specially designed for catering to the entire HR value chain from recruitment to exit management. We work in close co-ordination with enterprises to help them provide efficient HR support and enhance employee satisfaction through process standardization initiatives & introduction of multi-level audit controls. Acentering HR is led by a Management team. We provide people, methodology, technology and training to deliver business process services to our clients. Our entirely customized payroll engine helps us to process multiple clients with varied complexity. Some of the sectors that we have captured are Engineering, Marine, IT, Waste Water & Sewage Treatment Plants, EPC Companies, Oil & Gas, Chemicals, etc. We invest in both clients and candidates to ensure mutual success. Each relationship is valued equally Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details