TITLE: Web Developer-ASP.net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description As a developer, you will be responsible for many phases of the software development lifecycle including technical research, requirements analysis, high level and technical design, implementation of enhancements to the product, unit testing, debugging, and maintenance. - Willing to work on the next generation technology platform - Exciting opportunity to work on Microsoft ASP.NET platform . - Great opportunity to build world- class, scalable applications from scratch . Technical Skills 1 - 3 years experience in IT based companies Proficient in ASP.Net 4.0, C#, Web Services, JavaScript, Jquery, HTML and SQL 2008. Hands- on Web based and Window based programming using C#, 3 tier architecture, OOPS etc. Must write efficient code with documentation. Able to act as a mentor for subordinates. Can read code written by others. Has experience debugging code. Ability to write queries and scripts on SQL Server 2008 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript html jquery software development microsoft debugging documentation unit testing asp net web services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Brain Technosys Pvt. Ltd Incorporated in the year 2004, Brain Technosys Private Limited, is an ISO 9001: 2008 certified company and is Microsoft Silver Certified Partner in Application Development and Application Integration. We are among the most prominent companies engaged in the field of providing innovative and comprehensive Technology Solutions to various Global enterprises as well as budding Internet businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details