TITLE: Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Markit Quotes is a real-time quote parsing system. The service extracts indicative over-the-counter pricing, providing traders and portfolio managers with real-time pricing data for CDS, indices, bonds, tranches, loans and other OTC asset classesA . Net Developer is required to work on the securities finance platform. The role will require: Analysis of business requirements and specifications, designing, coding, testing and debugging of state of the . Net components Tight collaboration with product managers and expert business analysts to improve and the platform as per business needs. Work with highly innovative, dynamic team using extreme programming and test driven development approach. Gather, analyze and refine business requirements. Code the new requirements for the next release Understand system architecture and become involved in itrsquos design Degree in Computer Science or related field. 3-6 years of development experience, preferably in a financial domain. Good knowledge of C# and Design Patterns. Good understanding on Algorithms and Data Structures. Knowledge of SQL Server database Experience on Winforms / WPF Good to have Screen Scrapping or OCR experience Personal Competencies Strong analytical and mathematical skills Proactive and able to work independently with minimal supervision Displays energy, drive and stamina. Open minded, flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. Focused on delivery. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server development design patterns wpf data structures algorithms winforms coding debugging service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details