TITLE: BACK LINE

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- Ensuring quick and professional responses to all complaints, requests and queries assigned. Communicate and coordinate with internal departments on Mails and calls. Communicate with customers over the mail and calls. Prepare MIS reports. Monitor & Mentor Front line team member. Verbal:- Able to communicate in English & Hindi verbally. Written:- Able to communicate over mails and calls with internal departments as well as customers. MS Excel/MS Word. Team player/Able to perform More than one tasks at a same time. Candidates from Logistics industry background are preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills logistics english complaints communicate mis reports calls mails team player ms excel team member Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Today, Careerbridge Consultants is one of the leading companies delivering unsurpassed quality and reliability in effective recruitment solutions. We have vast network of global clients, with long-standing business partnership with premier organizations and enterprises, providing unprecedented career opportunities. Our dedicated approach and best practices has helped us efficiently bridge the gap between demands of the clients on one hand and scarce supply of qualified professionals on the other hand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details