TITLE: Solutions Architect (C# ASP.NET)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Truly loves software development and can motivate & guide others to write great software 8 years\' work experience in the area of design and development using .Net technologies 3 years of experience as a Solutions Architect/Tech Lead Strong organizational skills and an ability to work independently taking full ownership of the product\'s technical design and delivery. Must demonstrate strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Team mentoring and client interaction skills must. Ability to work with teams in different time zones. Hands on with strong analytical, quantitative and problem solving skills Bachelor\'s degree in Computer Science, Information Computer Systems, Computer /Electrical Engineering is preferred. Have a decent sense of UX design Must have worked in an Agile environment and knows how to implement Agile practices and discipline in a team. Specific Requirements / Knowledge & Skills Strong object oriented software development experience using design patterns and SOLID principles. Strong experience in Web Technologies using Asp.Net Web Forms and MVC Strong in database technologies: MySQL, SQL Server Strong experience in Entity Framework/nHibernare Good Experience of build WCF Services Good Experience with Javascript and SPA frameworks like JQuery, Angular and Backbone Solid understanding of RESTful Web Services Should have done Test Driven Development Experience on highly performance and scalable systems is a big plus. Knowledge of git as vcs and jenkins for continuous integration is a big plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills development spa software development git mysql javascript forms computer science sql server agile Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quovantis Technologies Quovantis Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details