TITLE: Ecommerce Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities. Specifying market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by on-going visits to customers and non-customers. Developing and managing product portfolio, feature set, road-map, pricing based on target sectors and company requirements. Driving a solution set across development teams (primarily Development/Engineering, and Marketing Communications) through market requirements, product contract, and positioning. Developing and implementing a company-wide go-to-market plan, working with all departments to execute. Analyzing potential partner relationships for the product. Gather requirements from around the business and provide detailed specifications of functionality and usability for product improvements. Deliver the product features for the user community and engagement strategy based on input from relevant stakeholders. Manage prioritisation and execution of the product roadmap. Work with Technical functions to ensure rapid and high quality delivery. Coordinating with technology team for product feature development and milestone achievement. Coordinating with sales team for marketing collateral (offline / online) generation, pricing and proposal preparation. Coordinating between customer, sales and technology to ensure delivery of customer solution / POC. Managing online presence including: managing website / service delivery portal including content, look and feel etc. Being responsible for online marketing including overall look / feel / flow of site during design phase and later, development and maintenance of all marketing content on site including site content, twitter feeds, XML feeds etc. Desired Candidate Profile Experience in product development, strategic planning, and implementation preferred. Knowledgeable in technology. Prior online product management experience with a track record of producing detailed functional product specifications is a must. Strong user and usability focus to help us aggressively grow on site engagement. Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem solving, negotiating, and decision making skills. Excellent aptitude, documentation, project planning and management skills. Technical knowledge / programming experience is an advantage. Excellent communication skills (verbal and written). Desired Profile Strong experience in Ecommerce websites Minumum 4-5 years of experience in any of the IBM tools( Websphere commerce, Oracle ATG, hybris) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills online marketing market research product development product management tools strategic planning pricing analytical oracle documentation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Renderindia Infotech Renderindia Infotech,Digital Marketing and Ecommerce Solutions is one of our core expertise. Choosing right Digital Marketing in eCommerce space shall be an intellectual resolution for your business growth in future. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details