TITLE: Microsoft NAV Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Adopting the processes by studying the department processes and Implementing that process into ERP and make it as a centralized database System or as per client -project requirement. Developing functional planning Tools. Develop in MS - NAV to customize the product and reports as per the userrsquos business requirements Set up the IT infrastructure and DBMS (database management system) required for MS -NAV Required Skills: Communication skills that allow you to take lead and control the communication with customers , internal stake holders and third party vendors. Understanding of High Availability , Business Continuity , Performance Tuning Demonstrate strategic thinking , quantitative and analytical skills , team leadership , and collaboration , excellent problem resolution , judgment , negotiating and decision making skills Must effectively manage and prioritize multiple tasks in accordance with high level objectives /projects. Excellent written and oral communication ,Skills required: Ability to communicate to a variety of audiences; including high -profile customers , executive management , and engineering teams. BE /BTech /MCA /M.E /M.tech /Bsc -Computer science , IT /Msc -Computer science , /Must be a Microsoft Certified Professional : Navigant , Microsoft Certified Master -MCM , additional certification would be an added advantage. Desired Skills: Minimum three (3) years experience in designing , developing and deploying Microsoft - NAV 2013 /2009 /RTC Testing the product for User scenarios in line with product , System Test Cases , Unit Test Cases and developed reports. Developing Report requirement Specification RRS. Final full cycle demonstration of the product. Providing Concept Training to the Key Users. Version Upgrades from 5.0 /2009 to 2013 classic /RTC Implement data migration and integration using different NAV tools Follow development best practices and document required technical artifacts related to the project Work with the functional team and client IT team for a common goal of a successful implementation Should be able to work in a team environment and contribute towards Practice Reports , forms designing and developing. Documentation about the Customizations and User Manuals for different business modules. Involved in the Client interaction to gathering requirements to optimize the customizations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development erp mca microsoft btech performance tuning forms msc documentation test cases Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: S3 Infotech Pvt. Ltd. S3 Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details