TITLE: Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Minimum 8 years demonstrated advanced proficiency in development of Microsoft .NET applications. 4 years experience in technical leadership. - Should have strong background in designing/ architecting enterprise level products. - He/ She should be able to guide the team from architecture standpoint and provide direction for implementation. - He/ She should be well conversant with ASP.NET, MVC stack. Knowledge and Skills: Strong understanding of modern development methodologies and tools including Agile (XP and Scrum) , Rapid Application Development etc. Knowledge of application architectures, enterprise architecture, release methodologies, project management, technical support, production support, client/ server applications, internet and intranet applications Ability to analyze, design and build object- oriented, component- based applications in a Windows/ Web/ Internet delivery environment. Extensive experience in the design, planning, and implementation of complex large- scale enterprise solutions using distributed teams within process- oriented organization. Technical expertise and extensive experience with Microsoft technology stack Microsoft .NET WCF, C# / VB.NET / ASP.NET, MVC, SQL Server, VSS / TFS, Design Patterns, Entity Framework, ASP.NET MVC, Web Services, etc. and ability to research and apply newer .NET technology towards development of large scale systems. Experience in latest client side technologies like Angular JS, Bootstrap JS, etc. Strong knowledge of SOA, n- tier and production internet architecture in the parlance if an enterprise system. Solid understanding of interoperability issues and the strengths and weaknesses of platforms and products, with the ability to provide a trusted voice at the decision- making table. Excellent organizational, coordination, interpersonal and communication skills with ability to provide technology leadership to multiple projects / teams. Aptitude for reviewing new and existing IT projects, systems designs, for compliance with IT, quality and security standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exadata Consulting Pvt Ltd Exadata Consulting Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details