TITLE: Regional Sales Engineers

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Responsibilities Sales and promotion of world class American Automation products Made for India. Make technical presentations to customers, perform proper technical and business needs analysis, and suggest proper products. Follow up on sales leads and generate your own through telephone and email solicitation. Make direct sales to customers as well as support local distributors in the area. Train distributor sales engineers in company\'s products Resident in the marketing area assigned, Company has identified 75 marketing areas in India. Travel to customer accounts in the marketing area assigned. Attend local trade shows, exhibitions, technical forums and technical conferences Will be trained in renowned Strategic selling skills, technical knowledge about the product line and as well as travel to US periodically Prerequisites Proven track record of significant sales of technical products in any industry. Good aptitude for computers as well as mechatronics concepts. Aggressive, dynamic, confident, great communications skills in English and local languages. Good speaking skills, make presentation of small and large groups. Understands the basic process of selling and has aptitude and desire to learn strategic selling skills from world renowned authorities. Good communication skills and leadership skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills direct sales travel automation exhibitions selling skills conferences english email mechatronics leadership skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AVG Electronics Pvt. Ltd. AVG Electronics Private Limited operating from Bangalore is a wholly owned subsidiary of AVG Automation, USA and has recently introduced a new line of Automation and controls including PLCs, HMIs, Integrated PLC and HMI, Remote I/O, Industrial PCs, Industrial flat Monitors and Industrial Marquees that are specifically designed for India. The ambient temperature of the Indian sub-continent can easily reach 45C and the humidity in the cities like Mumbai, Chennai, Vishakapatnam etc ... can go upto 95%. As most of the automation and controls which are there in India have come from the western countries like Germany, Italy, france, US or Japan where the ambient temperature is 20C lower and are designed accordingly to operate at those temperatures, these products have major environmental problems in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details