TITLE: Regional Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Regional Sales Manager, Position 2 We require an enthusiastic and talented person who thrives in enterprise sales and can: Identify and qualify prospective customers for ETP in the designated territory. Lead the sale process and sales team to qualify the ETP solution into the prospects shortlist. And has engaging personality with the ability to meet and engage CXO level and position ETP value proposition to them. Work with ETP Solution Architects to fine tune and present the solution to prospects. Close sales projects leading to achieving sales targets. Ensure Timely collection of receivables. Achieve profitability objectives. Achieve Account management objectives and support to customer projects. Be based in Delhi and willing to travel extensively. Skills Experience : Excellent relationships skills. Be able to find, maintain and grow profitable relationships. Strong customer focus with perceptive and engaging customer management skills. Have experience and/or knowledge of account management. A team player who enjoys working in a dynamic team environment. Has created and led a successful sales team University Degree with at 15 + years of software sales experience. Experience in the Retail and ERP sector is preferable, but not essential. Prior experience in IT solution selling is essential. Experience in conducting business across India will be preferable. Creativity in solving complex problems. Good Personality and ability to meet and engage with top management. Should be a long term player with proven long term past engagements Additional Information : Type: Full-time Experience: Mid-Senior level Functions: Business Development,Sales,Information Technology Industries: Computer Software,Information Technology and Services,Retail Base Location : Delhi Bangalore Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills business development account management travel erp information technology etp email sales regional s Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ETP International Pvt. Limited ETP International Pvt. Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details