TITLE: SME -Cattle husbandry

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description: a) Designation: SME Cattle Husbandry b) Main Duties and Responsibilities: Key Area Responsibilities are - 1. Help to Develop and Design the Cattle Husbandry related Courses 2. Analyse and Assess the need for the courses - Region specific 3. Identify resources for the practical oriented training 4. Develop the delivery patterns for demonstrations - localized models 5. Manage Train the Trainer for subjects 6. Monitor and drive the training delivery to impact oriented outcomes. f) The other most important factors (criteria) that you will consider in candidate selection: Should open for travelling in rural parts of India Understanding of the Cattle Husbandry training for small farmers Understanding of Cattle Husbandry extension work The other most important factors (criteria) that you will consider in candidate selection: Should open for travelling in rural parts of India Understanding of the Agriculture oriented trainings Understanding on Agronomics c) Desired Qualification Level: Post Graduate, / Masters in Veterinary Science, Field experience will add value. d) Most Relevant Experience: Cattle Husbandry extension experience e) Most Important Skills: Communication skills in both Hindi and English, Analytical skills, Good at documentation, Well versed with Office operations on computer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills operations documentation sme english most analytical skills communication skills experience selection agriculture Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BVSC PG:MVSC Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Drishtee Development And Communication Ltd Drishtee is a social enterprise focused exclusively on rural India. But while that puts us in a decidedly exclusive category, it doesnt begin to tell the complete story of who Drishtee is and what makes us special.Thats because Drishtee is as much about character as capabilities. The philosophy that inspired our creation and continues to inform our every move is what enables us to develop truly innovative solutions.Like most great ideas, Drishtee was born from the passionate belief in professional solutions. The founders understood all too well the shortcomings of existing solutions to reach the people at the base of the pyramid and the difficulties and frustrations they inspired. Rather than to accept these challenges, they developed a better way to reach the people at the helm of exclusion Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details