TITLE: Associate, Developer, MOD

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary Markit is seeking an Application Developer who would like to build a career in high performance/availability web and client-server based applications. One will be working as part of the global team for an established product in Capital markets. One needs to be able to work well in a dynamic environment with rapidly changing priorities and requirements. One should have a solid understanding of software lifecycles, development methodologies as well as exceptional analytical skills. Duties & Accountabilities Contributing as a member of a growing and solid team spread between Boulder, Colorado, USA and Noida, India Develop new client-specific web pages using C#, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML , CSS and other web technology Maintain and enhance existing client-specific web pages using above technology stack An ability to solve problems and clearly explain how you do so. Self-motivated individual and open to learning Work on several projects at a time under specific deadlines. Projects range from 1 week to 6 months in duration. Learn our basic processes and practices in less than 6 months Single-handedly contribute to a large project in 1 year Business Competencies A Bachelorrsquos degree in computer science or related field preferred Solid understanding of object-oriented patterns and practices. C#, . NET, HTML, JQuery, JavaScript is must and Financial Knowledge is nice-to-haves. Have a broad and demonstrable experience in UI development, gained, ideally, in the financial services/banking sector. Personal Competencies Effectively use teams in Noida and Colorado to solve problems and meet deadlines. Appropriately use management escalation to advise of project risks/successes. Leverage local team to come up-to-speed quickly. Effectively contribute to the team by working with assigned partners to complete prioritized tasks and meet deadlines. Use the materials available to learn the team-specific processes, patterns, and practices Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript jquery computer science ui development financial services client server html css c net solid team Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details