TITLE: Lead Consultant/Manager, S&IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose Of Role: The role holder can be responsible for providing effective support of large projects and leadership of small/medium projects, dealing with all relevant issues, often without the guidance of the manager. May involve managing units of leads and other managers of teams. He/she provides support/leadership in the formulation of network, technology, systems and information strategy and evolution plans. The role holder can also be responsible for supporting real time operational systems providing leadership and guidance on resolving complex technical issues owning operational processes and ensuring support is provided to meet service level standards. The role holder meets business objectives, solves business problems and furthers business success by applying industry, applications and technical knowledge through the definition of high level solutions. In addition he/she may work proactively with the business to define new product developments. The role holder should leverage the experience of the relevant BT wide professional communities to discharge these responsibilities, thus ensuring knowledge sharing extends beyond the functional boundary of the role. The role holder may also play a key part in the BT wide professional communities. Key Responsibilities: To work on technical projects/operational support tasks for their managers or sponsors independently with minimal guidance. This may involve working alone or as part of a wider project/support team, managing specific tasks. Responsible for managing and developing teams or people for specific tasks or projects. To draft reports and make recommendations to managers and project sponsors. To provide analytical and innovative input to projects/operational issues as well as support negotiations. May involve managing project teams involved in the delivery of specific tasks associated with ICT based business transformation programmes, strategic projects and change initiatives within time, cost and quality parameters. To lead the development and implementation and ongoing management of policies and procedures. To work with internal, external and third party suppliers. To act as a key contributor and provide expert advice to other groups on technical and operational issues. To produce cost/timescale solutions/options and manage expectations as appropriate with customer or Business Unit/LoB teams. To personally participate in and contribute to BT wide professional community activities where applicable e.g. knowledge sharing, best practice within BT and external industry. To use the relevant BT wide professional community framework to raise their skills and those of their team to the recommended PC standards. Business Impact: Maintains a reputation for quality and delivery of their expertise to the business. Contributes to the definition of strategy and evolution and/or associated infrastructure investments for Group/LoB. Responsible for engineering delivery plans for larger projects/programmes. Contributes to the transformation strategy for a network, platform or technology discipline in own area of expertise. Manages team (s) to provide technical professional solutions and new innovative services. Authority/Decision Making: Works under broad direction. Full accountability for own technical work or project/management responsibilities. Receives assignments in the form of objectives. Establishes own milestones, team objectives and delegates assignments. Work is often self- initiated. Budget responsibility varies depending on the lines of business and project/programme delivery responsibility. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Same as JD Company Profile: BT e-Serv (India) Private Limited BT e-Serv (India) Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details