TITLE: Retail analytics-Leadership roles

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description R Please find below the details for a Senior Analytics Leadership roles in Retail / CPG analytics industry. p> Responsibilities: p> Execute and lead business analysis projects, using appropriate analytical methodologies to organize, synthesize, and summarize the data. Develop and maintain strong client relationships and lead large client engagements independently. Lead multiple research projects and client assignments ensuring appropriate workflow planning and resource utilization. Guide the team in problem solving develop analytical techniques and frameworks, and the creation of research end-products. Expertise required: p> Hands on Experience in Retail/ CPG domain is mandatory. Hands on experience in tools like SAS and R and other statistical tools and methodologies. Expertise in advanced analytics techniques like predictive modeling, forecasting techniques, big data analytics. Strong problem solving skills. Education Qualification: Master\'s in Quantitative discipline. p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills sas workflow business analysis forecasting quantitative predictive modeling analytical techniques client relationships problem solving skills r Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd. Rinalytics -- Executive Search & Research in Analytics and Risk Management is all we do. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects.The team at Rinalytics brings to bear a combination of industry-specific expertise and an unrivalled reputation for delivery on key positions. Our depth of experience, subject matter expertise, specialization approach and thought leadership results in constantly delivering quality outcomes by aligning our search processes to achieve extraordinary client experience. At Rinalytics, we believe that expertise is the result of specialization. Specialization is a key factor to our successful partnerships, focus on core; partner for specialization. We continue to build on this expertise by keeping abreast of the latest changes in the industry and tapping the best senior talent available. Rinalytics is headquartered in Bangalore, Indias Silicon Valley, leveraging the vast ecosystem of Risk Management and Analytics talent, technology development and innovation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details