TITLE: Alliance Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop and manage alliance with media agencies especially newspapers. Provide interpretation of contract terms and communicate contract details with management. Design, arrange and complete contracts to achieve program and contract objectives. Analyze companyrsquos product performance in market and research for new trends Build relationship with alliance partners and develop business nationally Candidate description Excellent Communication skills Good in building relationships with clients Great Convincing Power Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Business Alliances Manager Keyskills convincing power excellent communication skills alliance market relationships research building contract interpretation manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pan India Internet Pvt. Ltd India Online Network is an initiative of Pan India Internet Pvt. Ltd.. This unique network of more than 350 India centric portals is the largest of its type of network ever dreamt by anyone across the globe. We nurture the dream of making this network a mine of all possible resources and services that one might be searching through internet about India. While all the Indian States, Union Territories, Metro and nearly 300 Major cities has been covered through a dedicated portal for each of them, nearly 4000 other towns of the country have been covered as sub sites on their respective state portals. The other supplementing vertical sites encompass the diverse Indian culture, history, fauna, flora, lifestyle, fashion, weather and many other aspects of life. We, nurture the dream of becoming the synonym for the online information system of the India through our various network sites. In short, the ultimate objective of our network of portals is to make the usage of internet, information garnering and acquisition of knowledge- an exhilarating experience, an experience that will last a lifetime. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details