TITLE: Web Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this job discription Candidate with years of experience and having knowledge of - Dreamweaver, CSS, HTML, JQuery, Javascript, Twitter Bootstrap, Converting PSD to HTML, Creative responsive designs. Knowledge of Flash and CorelDraw will be an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills html dreamweaver javascript jquery psd twitter web designer css be designs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CWS Technology (P) Ltd. CWS Technology is a leading IT Solutions and Services Company offering its expertise in custom application development, application management outsourcing, consulting, and system integration. Our focus has always been on delivering proven business solutions that provide measurable results to our clients. CWS today is the realization of a vision shared by young entrepreneurs. After starting out in a single room, company now includes a team of 70 programmers, designers and analyst working fulltime under one roof. At CWS, we love building web, mobile and software applications. We\'re focused on creating business applications with an emphasis on custom solutions for specific needs. We strive to consistently deliver high-performance, easy-to-use software solutions to our clients across the world. We are not simply a web development company, we are a communications company. The great products produced here reflect our understanding of how businesses communicate and function on the Internet. Our company beliefs can be summarized in these statements: To strive for excellence and deliver the best results possible to our clients; To maintain uncompromising ethics and integrity; To continuously grow, share and learn, as the web evolves; To communicate effectively and use client feedback for self- improvement and growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details