TITLE: Windows Active Directory Schedule Interview Weekend ( Sat ) / Weekday

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi This is Durai from IKYA Chennai. I have a very good opening for your Profile Windows Active Directory Admin - L2, L3 in CMM Level 5 Service Based MNC in Bangalore, Chennai, Noida, Hyderabad Location . Scheduled Interview on Weekend / Weekday Only 2 Rounds, First Round - Technical Second Round Manager Discussion. Level of selection will be decided purely on Technical Rating . Its a Permanent & Direct Payroll Skill : Windows Active Directory (AD) Admin - L2, L3 Interview Location - Bangalore, Chennai, Noida, Hyderabad Location . If you are interested for this opening, please send Your Updated Profile to durairaj@ikyaglobal.com with below Details. Available for Interview on Weekend / Weekday - Relevant Exp in Windows Active Directory Administration - Name - Mail Id - Alternate Mail Id - Mobile No - Total EXP - Current CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Company - Current Location - Preferred Location - Job Description : Managing user account across applications running on various platforms like IBM-AIX, Red Hat Linux, Z OS/RACF, SQL Administrator, Windows Active Directory, etc. To create and administer LAN accounts of the users To create and administer various shared resources e.g. Distribution Lists, Directories To provide permissions to the user as required by them To setup the servers as per the customer requirement To Standardize the network resources as per the client requirement Ensure that the customer has the appropriate access to the tools to support the business in an efficient way System Administrator for the User Account Maintenance and Incident Management Systems including general housekeeping Create LAN and/or E-mail account for the users and administer them. Grant permissions on various network resources available to users. Creation and administration of Global groups. Creation and modification of exchange resources like Distribution Lists, Shared E-mail account, Shared Calendar and Conference Rooms. Creation of New Directories as per the customer guidelines and grant permissions on them. Setting up servers as per the client standards and granting permissions on them. Creation, Modification and deletion of user accounts on Mainframe/RACF Creation, Modification and deletion of users accounts on Oracle/Sql Perform development and maintenance of knowledge Base for the User Account Maintenance Processes They have more positions to close... Quick Offers will be released - Max 10 Days. L2 2 Years Relevant Experience MAX CTC 10.4 L L3 6 Years Relevant Experience MAX CTC 14 L Regards M.Durairaj Team Lead - IT Recruitment +91 9962188117 +91 44 66623072 durairaj@ikyaglobal.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Pvt Ltd CMM Level 5 Service Based MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details