TITLE: Software/ Sr. Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent would be responsible to: Analyze, design and develop new solutions/enhancements on Web and/or Windows platform as applicable for project requirements. Assist in time estimation of requirements and solution planning. Ensure coding and unit testing of developed code as per defined standards. Assist in deployment activities related to project releases. Adhere to norms of development/performance as expected by project requirements and department standards. Upgrade on technology and/or attend trainings as applicable. Any other tasks and duties as may be required by time to time. Requirements Education qualifications: BE/ BTech (full time) preferable in Computer Sciences/ IT. NIIT graduates/ Diploma holders/ MCA (full time/ part time). Experience: Minimum 3.5 years of relevant experience in web development. Technology skills: OOPS, Design Patterns C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET Java script, Jquery, JSON, HTML, XHTML, XML SQL Server, LINQ nTier architecture, WCF, MVC, SOA Professional skills: Sound analytical, logic and coding skills. Good communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work independently on assigned tasks and within a team. Ability to work and deliver under stress. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills btech diploma part time estimation analytical windows mca web development coding soa Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ResBird Technologies Private Limited, ResBird Technologies Private Limited, is providing a global platform to the Indian travel industry by enabling software access to state of the art travel automation technology. A specialist in the domain, ResBird offers a range of software solutions and products that facilitate operations of travel agencies (both online and offline). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details