TITLE: TL-Malayalam -Assistant Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure complete participation and contribution in organization/process level initiatives (e.g. Referral programs, Absenteeism, Attrition control) that may be implemented from time to time to improve efficiency. Ensure that the internal/external targets are met and the team shows continual improvement month on month. The role holder will be accountable for self performance and performance of the team he is aligned to. Communicate effectively with the client to resolve issues and disseminate updates on the floor. Client, Customer & People Management. Effective performance planning for self and team, and time management and self-organization. Ability to achieve stretch targets and take decisions as well as manage complex/ difficult employee situations. Handle escalations for the team. Work as a Single point of contact for all non ops departments and identify, evaluate & coordinate operational, Admin, IT and HR issues. Timely closure of all processes and other requirements for self and Team. To lead a team\'s available resources in order to deliver a quality service to customers in line with agreed service standards. Quality and Process improvement Initiatives. Ensure feedback for the process/Continuous Process improvement. Team\'s Career Planning/manage team performance & expectation. Evaluation of operational practices and procedures. Participate in client call, calibration calls. Review and analysis of periodic report and metrics. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Keyskills tl process improvement malayalam metrics operational calibration customer engagement standards procedures team Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS consulting Private Ltd. 2COMS consulting Private Ltd. started operations in 1999 as a recruitment and staffing solutions company and since then has been successful in placing 5000 candidates in the top IT and ITES companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details