TITLE: Process Associate- Back Office

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description This position consists of complete back - end duties or operations (Projects like - Data Processing , Data Mining , Dat Extraction , etc.) May perform repetitive business procedures according to specific instructions. Result - OrientedIndividual Performs other duties as assigned. candidates profile Proficiency with various software applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel. Good knowledge of general office practice and business etiquette. Efficient organizational skills. Good interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to follow through on work assignments. Good analytical , logical and comprehension aptitude. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills operations data processing data mining microsoft word procedures extraction good analytical office logical organizational skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Acelerar Technologies Outsourcing to India progressively gathered momentum in the aftermath of global economic showdown with various overseas companies transferring whole or part of their business activities to Indian BPO companies. The assumption of getting astoundingly cost-effective and relatively better service just transpired the conceptual Outsource to India in its physical equivalence. Thus, the resurrection of this trend came into play, whereby companies started transferring some portions of business activities to one of the process outsourcing companies in India. India has laudatory positioning on global stage which is often termed as worlds best outsourcing hub. Given the significant rise of contracting to India, numerous organizations across the world prioritize this trend to materialize desirable performance excellence of their in-house processes. Acelerar can translate your outsourcing experience into an unforgettable professional relationship by providing you quality and reliable service for your business processes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details