TITLE: Storage Area Networks (SAN)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this resource(s) shall be Mellanox certified including the following 1. Minimum of five (5) years Mellanox functional experience (must be able to work with current hardware and software). 2. Practical applied knowledge in certain key technical areas such as virtualized environments, high availability, and storage management. 3. Deep technical experience including designing, installing, integrating, implementing, and optimizing Mellanox InfiniBand within a Subsurface Compute/High Performance Compute environment 4. Experience with (list is inclusive, not either or) a. DDN Storage Hardware b. EMC (Isilon/VNX) c. NetApp 5. Familiarity in the Oil and Gas upstream environment, potentially around the following applications: a. Petrel b. Landmark Openworks Suite c. Landmark Decisionspace d. ESRI Arc Products e. Paradigm Suite f. Eclipse including Parallel Processing g. Temis/OpenFlow " We are ok with someone having any of the below experience 1. Ql Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills san eclipse emc storage management esri high availability arc oil and gas storage area networks designing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kingston Info Solution Kingston Info Solution was founded in 1999 in Silicon Valley of India Bangalore; Kingston Info Solution is the leading provider of IT Staffing Services providing solutions to customers in addressing their complex hiring issues while keeping the cost to minimal. Kingston Info Solution is today widely regarded as the fastest growing IT Staffing Services Company. In a short span has grossed itself the image of high quality outsourced partner. In fact, we have been recognized as the Premium Business Partner for some of our clients. We have deputed Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details