TITLE: Project Coordinators

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate should have more than 2 years of experience in coordinating projects Should have full understanding of software development life cycle Should have worked with international clients Good coordination and communication skills. Should have exposure of handling projects, & knowledge of web applications development and digital marketing. Should know practical aspects of project management and knowledge of project management techniques. Organizing, decision-making, communication skills, influencing and leading, delegating team work, negotiation, conflict management & adaptability for stress tolerance. Key competencies like critical thinking and problem solving Handle & guide team of project coordinators. Manage Web Design & Development project for multiple projects across all project phases, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure. Work collaboratively with coordination team members , development team, designing team and the marketing team to determine technical direction and approach to system design and implementation, including both brand products and supporting systems. Create, manage and track project vehicles, including project schedules, detailed project plans, project scope statements, cost estimates, resource plans, risk and issues logs and Status reports Manage the day-to-day activities of projects and staff; communicate with project teams as necessary to ensure project deliverables are on schedule and within cost parameters. Communicate and collaborate with internal and external customers as needed in regards to project deliverables including managing expectations, presenting and interfacing with sponsors. Make decisions and communicate trade-offs and risks; drive key decisions across projects. Make recommendations to management about schedules, prioritization and resource allocation with input from team members. Provide on-going project plan/status reporting for use by account managers, clients and management. Provide input into strategic planning and asset creation processes. Manage resource planning and organizational capacity planning. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills coordination project management strategic planning digital marketing web design handling monitoring problem solving organizing coordinating Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 18th Technology 18th Technology is a one stop destination for services like web designing, web development and online marketing. We strive to provide the most cost-effective and dynamic web solutions to small and medium size businesses across the globe while maintaining high standards of quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details