TITLE: Fare Loading Department

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To be a part of fare loading / quality check team and able to monitor fare loading function. The ideal candidate should have excellent computer skills, with knowledge of the Travel Industry, preferably worked on Airfares. Accuracy and attention to detail are paramount. Key Tasks and Responsibilities : To load fares and quality check as required To enter and analyse accurate fares data into the Fares Assist Software To manage on a day- to- day basis workload and tasks related to fare loading To support the team in striving for 100% accuracy in all fare loading by placing a strong emphasis on the quality control aspects of the process and through process improvement. To support the Fares team in organising the administration and prioritisation of the contracts. Essential Skills : A minimum of 1 year in a similar role within the travel industry. Good level of computer literacy, including proficiency in MS Office applications and mail drafting / report writing. Recognised industry qualifications are preferable. Individual Specification : Team player Good interpersonal skills Time management essential Analytical approach to work and attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work to deadlines Ability to work flexible hours Knowledge of fare- loading and negotiated fare contracts would be an advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Reservations Executive Keyskills quality control specification drafting process improvement fares good interpersonal skills attention to detail quality check fare Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JTG Infotech Services Pvt. Ltd JTG Infotech Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details