TITLE: HTML Expert / WEB Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Ability to code pixel perfect HTML The person should be able to develop clean and structured HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery code for front-end design projects. Ability to design W3C compliant html designs Transform . psd files and wireframes into web user interfaces according to design specifications. Knowledge of jQuery UI and writing jQuery plugins is a plus. Familiarity with JavaScript-related and CSS-related browser compatibility issues. Code for cross-browser JavaScript applications. Experience coding a multitude of responsive and mobile sites. Great understanding of Photoshop. Understanding of good design principles and an ability to adhere to complex design specifications during implementation. Strong inter-personal and communication skills, interacting positively with users, peers, and upper management. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills photoshop html javascript jquery css3 coding psd interfaces inter design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Akrsk the digital marketing company, providing an array of services for diverse clients across different industry verticals. Our integrated digital marketing services include Website Design and Development, Pay Per Click Advertising (PPC), Social Media Optimization (SMO), Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Google Maps Listing, Dedicated Media Buying and Online Reputation Management (ORM) Through our integrated solutions, we help clients to generate qualified business enquiries, online sales and build engagement with the existing and potential customers online. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details