TITLE: Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Information Responsibilities and Accountabilities: Ability to work independently with minimal supervision, this role is given detailed assignments and has some latitude when enacting a solution. May be assisted by junior level personnel, and would be expected to give guidance where applicable. Understands the deployment process and integration points associated with software integration. Works with other members of the Software Development team to collaborate on common components, architectural and estimation reviews Participates and sometimes leads software code reviews (best practices and security) Work with our technology operations staff in transitioning production support of applications and utilities Other duties as assigned by Management Required Experience: Bachelorrsquos Degree in related field or combination of relevant skills and education Four (4) to six (6) years of professional experience, and demonstrated comprehensive knowledge in the field. Professional experience with data modeling, and be familiar with database fundamentals, as well as security access control of databases. Good understanding of standard development practices Experience with PCI and/or FISMA (or similar) compliance standards preferred Good communication skills, both oral and written. Experience working in a global development organization is preferred Core competencies: Experience in C#, Web Services, WCF, Design Concepts/Patterns Experience in a SOA environment preferred Experience with T-SQL, MS SQL, including writing SQL statements, stored procedures. Additional (Plus): Proficient in Microsoft Windows Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) Experience with Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), while not required, is encouraged. Experience with performance tuning, optimization skills, and SSIS/SSRS is desired. Min exp is 4 years. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development estimation tools microsoft software development soa optimization visio standards ms sql Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nestor Sourcing Pvt. Ltd Nestor Sourcing Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details