TITLE: SENIOR SPECIALIST

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Critical Incident Manager Key Objectives The Incident Manager ensures the efficiency and effectiveness of the Incident Management process by monitoring key indicators to judge, control, steer and measure, report, compare and manage the process. They are responsible for the management and control of major Incidents as they occur, ensuring escalations are managed, communication is controlled whilst at the same time focusing the efforts of the required teams to recover service as quickly as possible. looking for an experienced Incident Manager to join their Service Management department and take full ownership for major incidents. The successful candidate will have a strong background in Service Management and have held recent, specific incident management posts for a leading IT Service provider. Candidates should also be used to working in a fast passed and dynamic environment and have the ability to start a new positiont hitting the ground running from day 1. ITIL qualifi (1.) To analyze and integrate the CoE Process and adjoining HR/Business Processes for bringing out higher alignment by creating new designs or enhancing the current design as per industry and regulatory norms. (2.) Ensure adherence to the published compliance frame work. Monitor by conducting periodic audits to ensure all compliance aspects are adhered to; Analyze and publish reports on the findings; discuss with the concerned stake holders and follow up on the clos (3.) To keep self abreast of the changing paradigm through reading, research, feedback and competitor analysis to ensure that the process design has the next/best practices (4.) To prepare business requirement documents for automation/enhancement of the HR Process(es), lead pilot and testing efforts of a process rollout including preparation of training material and ensure that customer queries on a new process are responded to. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Skills-Consulting-Process Consulting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details