TITLE: Vice President, Developer, Credit

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Summary A Java developer is required to work on the Credit Pricing products. The role will include being responsible for support and development of various Credit products. Duties & Accountabilities Mentor the team on technology and other work related aspects. Responsible for timely and Quality delivery. Support the Production, Simulation, QA and Development environments. Lead the team to design, develop and maintain various pricing systems. Develop tools to support and optimize day to day tasks faced by our analysts. Work with testers to ensure the right test coverage is achieved for a release, from unit to acceptance test level. Business Competencies Degree in Computer Science. 9 years of development experience building java based systems preferably in a financial environment. Should have excellent knowledge of Core Java as well as working exposure to Java Concurrency API. Should have good experience working on systems developed using Java, Spring. Should have good designing skills in Java. Good knowledge of SQL and Oracle. Knowledge on advanced concepts like analytics would be a plus. Experience with java middleware and Linux. Ability to deliver products in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Personal Competencies Strong analytical and mathematical skills Proactive and able to work independently with minimal supervision Displays energy, drive and stamina. Open minded, flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. Comfortable working with global teams operating across different time zones. Focused on delivery. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java linux core java development middleware analytics api computer science simulation tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit Ltd. Markit is a leading global diversified provider of financial information services providing products that enhance transparency, reduce risk and improve ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details