TITLE: Web/Graphic Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a designer, you will be responsible to create Web Layouts with creative eye to create professional design. Design clear, attractive and engaging graphic communication for websites and social media posts. Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, Web Layouts, Social Banner and other graphic design tool Organized and Detail oriented Ability to express words in picture Excellent skills of self management according to time Ability to meet deadlines Must be able to convert client requirements into creative visualizations REQUIRED SKILL SETS: Experience should be 3 to 5 years. PhotoShop, Illustrator, Coral Draw, InDesign, Basic Knowledge of HTML, Flash Animation, Create Web Layouts. Mobile app layouts and responsive layouts, Social Banner Must Know - Photo Shop, Illustrator, Web Layouts, Banners Good Communication Skills. Good comprehension skills and presence of mind. ADDED ADVANTAGE: Animation, Action Script Must be able to convert client requirements into creative visualizations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills photoshop html illustrator animation action script indesign flash animation banners social media web Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ishir infotech pvt ltd We assist our clients to achieve their business objectives by successfully outsourcing their non-core business processes and functions in the areas of technology and digital marketing. We have been part of the outsourcing industry since 1999 and have successfully implemented strategic offshore programs in the areas of custom software development, software product development, casino game development and outsourced digital marketing production services to India. ISHIR has been servicing clients thousands of miles away, maturing into a core dependable extension of a client\'s internal team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details