TITLE: Program Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Digital Green (DG) is an international, non- profit development organization that builds and deploys information and communication technology to amplify the effectiveness of development efforts to affect sustained, social change. The Digital Green system combines technology and social organization to improve the cost- effectiveness and broaden the community participation in existing best practices. It is supported by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, USAID, DFID, AGRA, Ford Foundation, and Government of India. Digital Green works in nine states in India and several countries in Africa (Ethiopia, Tanzania, Mozambique, Niger, Ghana) and in Afghanistan. One of the core activities of DG is to build capacity of community members, frontline extension workers and partner organizations in DG systems and approaches to enable them to function and implement project activities relatively independently. This effort is coordinated by the training unit at Digital Greenrsquos headquarters in New Delhi. Digital Green is looking for a Training Manager who is an outstanding professional with experience in transfer of learning approaches to assist the training unit in developing and implementing effective performance based participatory training at scale. The position will report to the Training Coordinator. Key Responsibilities In consultation with the Training Coordinator and Digital Greenrsquos internal training community, refine and improve sets of training modules for different components of Digital Green system: initiation, video production and video dissemination. Bring latest approaches to participatory training in low resource settings using appropriate tools of technology and incorporate them into training activities for improved learning. Build on the methodology developed for supportive supervision, training follow up and refresher trainings to ensure that trained personnel use the knowledge and skills gained during training effectively during program implementation. Work with regional teams to refine and fine tune the training materials according to local context for greater effectiveness. Evaluate training outputs and identify gaps that might be leading to sub- optimal performance of project personnel and work towards bridging them for enhanced performance. Document lessons learned and best practices ensuring that they are incorporated into program implementation and capacity building tools. Assist in developing a cadre of very high quality of trainers within Digital Green and partners. Participate in the delivery of training at various locations, both national and international, assuring highest quality standards. Support in coordinating training activities at national and international level. Perform other related duties as required. Qualification and Skills University degree in Rural Development, Social Sciences or any other relevant discipline. Relevant experience in developing and providing performance based training using participatory approaches to training. Experience in transfer of learning to semi- literate and rural populations with an aptitude to use ICT tools for social change. Excellent writing, communication and negotiation skills; ability to prepare clear and concise reports. Good leadership, coordination and information management skills. Strong strategic and creative thinking. Demonstrated analytical skills applied on a wide range of factors, parameters, policies and priorities for the assessment and resolution of complex situations. Personal commitment, drive for results, efficiency and flexibility. Ability to work effectively and harmoniously in a team and with colleagues from varied cultures and professional backgrounds. Passionate about training. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills coordination tools ict rural development coordinating policies passionate information management training coordinator capacity building Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Digital Green We engage with and empower rural communities to produce participatory localized videos, leveraging pre-existing group structures to disseminate these videos through human mediation. These videos are of the community, by the community and for the community. The approach includes: (1) a participatory process for video production on improved livelihood practices, (2) a human-mediated learning model for video dissemination and training, (3) a hardware and software technology platform for data management customized to limited or intermittent Internet and electrical grid connectivity, and (4) an iterative model to progressively address the needs and interests of the community with analytical tools Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details