TITLE: Creative Strategist

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brand Philosophy & Conceptualization:A visionary who can take complete charge of Designing aspect of our clients. To conceptualise Look of the Season or next season basis on the of Brand philosophy, Global or local Market trends, Innovative creative ideas etc with complete focus on being market leaders in Design Category. Requirements: To Analyze the market and monitor current trends, customer preferences and competitor activities for and to give broad direction to individual brands. To Lead and provide overall creative direction to the brand by conceptualizing and developing range for different seasons. Creative Head will be responsible for the entire creative process mdash from concept to implementation. Must have an innate ability to lead, nurture and grow teams. Building ideas will be the core of the job. Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to learn quickly. To interact with clients and to understand the requirements. To interpret the clientrsquos business needs and to develop concepts to suit their purpose. To lead, inspire and supervise the creative team. To ensure all deliverables and deadlines are met with utmost precision and high level of creativity. Leading creative Team with key focus on design. Communicating with international as well as local clients for requirement understanding etc. Delivery management of complex design & creative jobs. Ability to work independently and as a contributing team member. Ability to lead, nurture and grow teams. Strong written & verbal communication skills. Strong client management and relationship building skills. Should have exposure of working with international clients. Should be high on creative ideas to take the organization to the highest level. Should possess strong conceptual skills, high level sense of design, layout and typography, and a broad thinker who is able to offer a variety of design. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills client management se relationship building ideas conceptualization adaptability creative typography lead level Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vizz Media We bring together a world class creative & digital experience to enhance your brand and provide a strategic plan with precise implementation. As a strategic and creative digital partner in your brand\'s success story, we believe in nurturing and creating brands with a multichannel marketing and advertising presence. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details