TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description :- p> Responsibilities: p> Developing mobile applications for the Android platform. li> Understanding an existing Android code base and working on the enhancements li> Work collaboratively with other team members to solve problems, and have a passion for mobile technology. li> Designing, developing and unit testing Android apps. li> Learning new technologies as needed and adaptability to new systems. li> ul> Mandatory Skills: p> Strong OOP concepts, Core Java, XML, Eclipse, Android and understanding of Client-Server architecture. li> Android-related tools for flashing, debugging and development. li> Good communication & inter-personal skills. li> Hard-working and a fast learner li> Experience on Android platform is a plus. li> Java certification will be an added advantage. li> Hands on with J2ME and other mobile technologies. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills xml core java development android eclipse debugging oop unit testing mobile technology tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NextStag Communications Private Limited About Us Vision and Mission Company Profile Our Team Values Careers Work Culture Testimonials Mataantel Co I was small and not stable voip provider till I switched to Nexstag, since then I dont have to worry any more about my business. NextStag has provided me a stable billing solution and good suppprt.This means you dont need any thing else for voip business market, So This time I am not worrying for my business running and i just sit back. Abdirahman About NextStag NextStag is an innovator and developer of next-generation communication suite for IP based protocols. Started by a team of developers in 2007 including IITian on board, NextStag is a company with customers and achievements to boast of. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details