TITLE: Mobile Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Architect and design leading solutions with a strong focus on security, performance and scalability Deliver through the entire app lifecycle- concept, design, build, deploy, test, release and support. Build prototypes at each stage of the project. Create captivating device specific user interfaces and experiences. Provide technical solutions to all problems. Keep up to date on latest mobile technologies. Educational Qualification and Experience Bachelor or Master Degree in Engineering, with specialization in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field. 1-5 years of relevant work experience in Android and (or) iOS development. Skills/Competencies Exceptional knowledge in information architecture, human computer interactions and design principles. Good understanding of HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and PHP. Understanding of web service integration (JSON, REST, SOAP, XML). Experience building web and native apps. Creative design skills. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written). Excellent testing and QA skills. Published mobile apps on Android market or App Store. Strong problem solving and troubleshooting abilities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development information technology troubleshooting problem solving java php mobile application xml javascript android Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AtDrive Group AtDrive is Indias leading Outsourced Product Development Partner and Technology Consulting Company with accomplished records in all areas of Technology consulting and development bringing in strong balance of real world insight and strategy-based development. It serves leading global organizations around the globe including Fortune 500 Companies. Since, its inception in the year 2013 headquartered in Noida, India AtDrive has rapidly grown and today marching ahead to be a full service provider in website and software development in its domain. Unmatched client orientation and global capabilities with vast history of innovation with passion. We provide services with leading edge technologies with client centric prospects and clients satisfaction to improve their work culture & enhance their productivity. Our solution are uniquely designed & are robust to metamorphose a small / medium business into an event based enterprise. Focused on designing and delivering solutions which are simple and robust in nature, clean in design, intuitive around UX, flexible and extensible when needed so that it meets requirements and businesss expectations every time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details