TITLE: Associate Manager / Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for new business development & targets for events business. Revenue generation through new account development and key account management. cold calls, networking and accordingly fix meetings with potential clients. Developing relevant business proposals and Prepare pitch presentations. Handling meeting with key clients and understand their requirement and accordingly provide them with suitable options. Maintaining relationship with client for repeat business. Impact the profitability of the company through ensuring strategic and tactical management decisions and new business development results. Competitor and market analysis. Basic Areas of knowledge and Skills Good project and time management skills. Proactive, self-motivated and should have a strong attention to details. Knowledge of business and management principles. Strong analytical skills. Organizational skills. Leadership skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills key account management networking events new business development market analysis handling proactive options maintaining time management skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careerbridge Consultants In 2004, a pioneering spirit and dynamic vision was given wings as Careerbridge Consultants, paving way for leadership in recruitment and staffing industry. Ten years later, the companys undeterred commitment to bridge the gap between demand and supply of manpower is just one of the reasons why Careerbridge Consultants has emerged as the most trusted and reputable manpower agency India. Today, Careerbridge Consultants is one of the leading companies delivering unsurpassed quality and reliability in effective recruitment solutions. We have vast network of global clients, with long-standing business partnership with premier organizations and enterprises, providing unprecedented career opportunities. Our dedicated approach and best practices has helped us efficiently bridge the gap between demands of the clients on one hand and scarce supply of qualified professionals on the other hand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details