TITLE: Associate, Developer, MarkitServ

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary As a mid-level developer, you will provide high quality technology solutions that address MarkitSERV business needs by working with a team of application developers (in multiple global locations), business analysts and business stakeholders in developing applications. The ideal candidate should have significant experience in web application development using web front-end technologies. The candidate will play a key role in the design, development, and testing of front-end business web applications. Working with individual project teams to coordinate the integration of the team\'s technical deliverables into a functional client product that meets the requirements Duties & Accountabilities Learns and use MarkitSERV proprietary technologies and application methods. Concentrate in hands-on development in the web application space utilizing software programming and user interface best practices and design patterns Develops and maintains code bases. Develops, reviews, tests and debugs code. Provides L3 support Adheres to best practices that enhance user experience, usability, scalability, performance and security. Contributes to the development and maintenance of reusable standards and libraries. Explores new development practices, standards, and interactive displays and message their discoveries to the team and employs them on projects where appropriate. Be an integral part of the MarkitSERV Technology team which will be distributed over the New York and Delhi offices. Work collaboratively with the development and product managers. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with all MarkitSERV personnel and business partners. Works under the general supervision of the Team Lead or Development Manager and may take direction from the other Team Leads within the organization and may provide indirect supervision to other exempt personnel. Works directly with appropriate MarkitSERV personnel to understand project concept, objectives and approach. Takes assigned project from original concept through final implementation. Meets with project team(s) regularly to review project deliverables and deadlines. Meets with appropriate personnel for periodic reviews of prototypes and final products. Coordinates interaction and communication among MarkitSERV personnel. Business Competencies A Bachelorrsquos degree in computer science or related field preferred. 4-6 years real world experience with Web technologies in an enterprise setting. Experience with Object Oriented Javascript / JQuery, HTML / CSS, XML / JSON is a must. Identifying the performance issues caused by JavaScript across web browsers is must. Experience with JavaScript Frameworks like AngularJS/ BackboneJS/ EmberJS/ ExtJS and NodeJS is a plus. Knowledge of compile to JS libraries like coffescript/ livescript is plus. Knowledge of creating production ready builds using Grunt/Gulp is plus. Knowledge of CSS preprocessors like LESS/SASS is a plus. Understanding of SOA and/or REST desirable. Knowledge of the HTTP protocol and application layers desirable. Experience with SQL writing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql javascript xml jquery soa design patterns http json user interface extjs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Markit India Services Pvt Ltd Website http://www.markit.com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details