TITLE: Marketing & Content Associate

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements Excellent writing skills being able to interview subjects and publish high quality content in a natural narrative style. Understanding of SEO and prior experience in the same is a plus. Business Acumen and understanding of management concepts. High proficiency in creating impactful content and graphics. Speed and quality of deliverables. Superior presentation and analytical skills, plus demonstrated skills to handle a variety of assignments simultaneously. Photoshop skills and Web design skills are nice to have. Strong communication and presentation skills. Proactive, creatively inclined, meticulous planner. High energy levels. Ability to work under deadline pressure and extra hours if needed on assignments. Responsibilities Conceptualize and create content that will educate, enlighten and entertain readers. Write persuasive copy that encourages action in prospects and customers, demonstrates thought leadership and strengthens brand awareness for the companyrsquos solution Produce all types of content (editorial) including blog posts (some ghost writing), articles, case studies, newsletters, web copy, e-books, info graphics and other public-facing materials Collaborate with the marketing team to get the content published and distributed through digital and print media including the companyrsquos website and social channels Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills seo photoshop print media web design website graphics brand awareness articles case studies editorial Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ZillionDreams A live real estate mobile application that connects property buyers and sellers with their ideal matches by enabling them to specify exactly what they are looking for and request bids. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details