TITLE: Data Scientist

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of the position We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our Big Data team. Candidates are expected to be comfortable working as a quantitative researcher. The ideal candidate should have a keen interest in Big Data technologies and a passion for identifying and answering questions that help us build the best products. Responsibilities and Duties Work closely with the product engineering team to identify and answer important questions Refinement of existing data and new data for machine learning and other identified algorithms Analyse and interpret the results of research and experiments Communicate findings to product managers and engineers Work experience and Skills M.S./M.Tech. or PHD 3 years experience in a relevant role Experience Solving analytical problems using quantitative methods Passion for experimental and factual research Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner Ability to design actionable to carry out quantitative experiments Familiarity with relational databases and SQL Good knowledge of atleast on analysis tool R, MATLAB or SAS Comfortable working in a Linux environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills sql linux sas algorithms matlab machine learning methods product engineering analytical m s Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alethe Consulting Alethe Consulting is end-to-end IT solution provider focused mainly on the IT infrastructure domain. We help customers of all size & domains in doing accelerated business & technology transformation to reduce the total cost of ownership for their IT infrastructure. We aim at delivering innovative and competent solutions and services to our clients globally. Our consultants are enriched with extensive experience in IT Infrastructure Consulting, Design, Implementation & Operations. Our consultants are skilled & certified on all new & innovative technologies available from the complete spectrum of our principle partner companies & have rich experience in delivering them to customers across all industry verticals. We patiently spend quality time & understand the customer requirement, business strategy & operational process to propose a right mix of products & technologies to them which can deliver the best results in an economical way. We are focused on using technology in a way that translates into real, business benefits for our clients. We deliver effective solutions, on time and within budget solutions that are guaranteed to improve productivity and reduce costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details