TITLE: GM Software Development Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Software Development Manager will be responsible for leading the team developing our next generation of applications. The manager of this team will be responsible for driving technical architecture across new programs, working closely with stakeholders in Operations/Delivery units And also across other functional areas within the Applications Group (Business Analysts, Project Managers, Testing and Support). Delivery of the next generation applications to users while meeting time, scope and quality goals. Manage and grow a development team that is distributed across multiple locations - Gurgaon, Bangalore and Pune. Lead the team through the transition to an Agile development model. Manage relationships with stakeholders and individuals across other functional areas within the Application Group, including setting expectations regarding deliverables, product scoping, quality and schedules; Ensure that team members are effectively communicating and collaborating. Provide overall people management for direct reports, including setting and monitoring of annual performance plans, coaching, and career development. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills operations coaching gm monitoring software development career development soa team agile development web applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS consulting Private Ltd. 2COMS consulting Private Ltd. started operations in 1999 as a recruitment and staffing solutions company and since then has been successful in placing 5000 candidates in the top IT and ITES companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details