TITLE: Lead Generation Specialist - Presales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description :- Highly motivated, self-starter with the ability to identify and develop new business prospects from multiple sources including inbound marketing leads, prospect lists, discovery and individual research. Dynamic personality with a drive to reach key decision makers is essential. Develop new business via telephone and mass communication such as email and social media and identify appropriate buyers within the target market. Follow up on leads and conduct research to identify potential prospects. Conduct a needs analysis and determine prospects pain points to find the best fit from the solution offered. Ability to work under aggressive deadlines and meet the assigned targets. Build and cultivate prospect relationships by initiating communications and conducting follow-up communications in order to move opportunities through the sales funnel. Work with the Sales team to develop and grow the sales pipeline to consistently meet revenue goals. Prepare and analyze sales pipeline reports and dashboards. Maintain an awareness of current and continual changes in the marketplace and be able to properly screen prospective accredited businesses. Maintain established minimum standard of performance and business results. Achieve monthly and quarterly business results and targets assigned. Carry out other business promotional duties assigned form time to time. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills social media email promotional pipeline mass communication business new business follow up self starter sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sonet Microsystems Pvt. Ltd. SMPL is the leader and pioneer in sphere of information technology, mostly deals with ERP based applications, Web Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details