TITLE: HR Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : strong> p> p> The incumbent shall be required to do recruitments for different industries. Should have good communication / written skills. Should be self driven, motivated and dedicated. He Should looking forward to grow with the organization. Should have good working knowledge of computers. Only candidates, who are looking for a good exposure and to learn, may apply. Excellent learning opportunity, as we do recruitments for all sectors. p> Responsible for end-to-end recruitment & selection Process. li> li> New client Acquisition(Business Development)through Cold Calling/ Emails and also Schedule the meetings li> Understanding company\'s hiring needs & providing them the most suitable candidates. li> Create and maintain channels for sourcing. li> Build and maintain database of relevant profiles. li> Conduct and Coordinate the interviews. li> Create & update Job Description (Job posting). li> Maintaining Recruitment Data. li> Work with the Hiring Clients in understanding the Resource/ Requirements Needs. li> Identify and Screen prospective candidates based on the job requirements. li> Evaluate the candidates based on the readiness and fit into the organization. li> Work with the dual shore decision makers in bringing the requirement to a logical closure. li> ul> p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills business development recruitment cold calling hiring sourcing ms office dedicated maintaining job posting knowledge of computers Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Creation Softech Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Creation Softech Technologies is a premier standard software development and web base application solution organization with head office at Gurgaon. Creation Softech is run by group of young and dynamics IT professionals having several years of Industry experience in different verticals and domain expertise in software industries. Creation Softech Technologies defines designs and delivers technology-enabled business solutions for companies. Creation Softech Technologies also provides a complete range of services by leveraging our domain and business expertise and strategic alliances with leading technology providers. Our offerings span business and technology consulting, application services, systems integration, product engineering, custom software development, maintenance, re-engineering, independent testing and validation services, IT infrastructure services and business process outsourcing. Client satisfaction is our foremost goal we ensure that we deliver a positive and identifiable return on every client\'s, solution investment. Creation Softech Technologies unique position of providing customers with excellent services and products is the result of constant improvement and innovation at the highest quality level. Outstanding competence, extraordinary team spirit, and visionary management are the key factors for being the most preferred IT solution partners across the globe. Creation Softech Technologies has a unique model of partnering with emerging companies to create their own dedicated delivery centers by leveraging our facilities, infrastructure, domain expertise, and expert engineers. p> Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details