TITLE: Controller Operations

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a part of quality training , the delivery mechanism is more localized and demonstrative type for candidates to adopt the inputs easily and create the sustainable impact . Major participant group in training are the Farmers who are still struggling with the information on practices to get the better yields . The accessibility for information is generic and restricted to Research and Resource departments . Drishtee with small initiatives has tried to impart the demonstrative based hand holding training support to impact the growth in both input and output with interventions in Seeds , easily adoptable cultivation methodologies and quality output . To take it further to target the larger groups and diversified locations Drishtee is looking for the experienced professional from Agriculture back-ground who can help to develop the end to end training programs for specific cultivations . Position Description: a) Designation: Controller Operations b) Main Duties and Responsibilities: Coordination of entire Drishtee activities all across India (Operations , not Developments) Analysis of Performance / budgets / targets / actual Strategy for accounts at the field level Communication / Projects / Proposal writing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills operations accounts coordination and quality proposal writing controller analysis major communication it Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Drishtee Development & Communication Limited Drishtee is a social enterprise focused exclusively on rural India. But while that puts us in a decidedly exclusive category, it doesnt begin to tell the complete story of who Drishtee is and what makes us special.Thats because Drishtee is as much about character as capabilities. The philosophy that inspired our creation and continues to inform our every move is what enables us to develop truly innovative solutions.Like most great ideas, Drishtee was born from the passionate belief in professional solutions. The founders understood all too well the shortcomings of existing solutions to reach the people at the base of the pyramid and the difficulties and frustrations they inspired. Rather than to accept these challenges, they developed a better way to reach the people at the helm of exclusion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details