TITLE: Assistant Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities To lead a team of Recruiters, Sr. Recruiters & TL Front facing with the clients to receive/ understand/ cascade requirements. Training/ mentoring new team members Team target setting. Motivating team members / resolving queries / problems Escalation handling Responsible for conducting the first level of screening for the organisationrsquos demands Understand screening demands and skills within area of responsibility. Forge excellent connect and relationship with clients Drive Key SLArsquos and Metrics. Identify, drive and support various process level initiatives Ensure strong MI reporting. Mentor, coach and motivate the team Desired Candidate Profile : Graduate or Post graduate 4 years of relevant experience 2 Years of team handling Excellent Oral and Written Communication; Strong Analytical and Data Management skills; Proactive and self-managing Attention to detail and a focus on high quality outputs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Keyskills proactive tl data management team handling attention to detail metrics management skills screening written communication demands Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ARCHELONS Consulting Private Limited Founded in 2006, ARCHELONS has been regarded as innovator and leader in Recruitment Industry. Our clients include Software and technology centric companies, product start-ups, manufacturing and automobile companies, automotive dealers, engineering contractors and oil & gas operators. Headquartered in Gurgaon, ARCHELONS has business offices across India, UAE and South Korea. Our Team consists of industry and domain experts having an indepth knowledge of a varied range of recruitment processes and practices which helps us to excel not just in recruitments but also enables us to understand and translate your business needs into key deliverable responses. Our focus is always on innovative, measurable and value-added recruitment solutions to maximize client returns through our unique state-of-the-art recruitment model. Our services are designed to help you: Attract best matching talent , Extend your reach to not-so-obvious candidates and Better connect with all the resources. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details