TITLE: Application Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requisition : 2061213 Job Title : Application Engineer Description : Job Profile: Design and implement new and existing test methodologies and concepts involving bench- top and modular measurement instruments with standardized programming languages, customize and automate existing test solutions as per specific customer needs. In addition, the role requires the candidate to provide technical consulting, training and application support to end users for R& D and production test and devise new test strategies based on tangible business needs and real- world R& D and manufacturing scenarios. Help customers to improve product quality, shorten development cycle, and optimize their testing. Support the field engineering team in addressing complex customer problems. Required Technical Skills: Proficient in in C/C++, C# and knowledge of MATLAB and LabVIEW. Knowledge of Object Oriented concepts and understanding of .NET framework Knowledge of Software Engineering concepts including software design, lifecycle, maintenance and versioning Understanding of software requirements in test and measurement industry Knowledge of modular products including PXI/PXIe and AXIe. Understanding of instrument control, including SCPI programming, VISA library, IVI driver interface and API based development Proven ability in understanding, designing, implementing, integrating and debugging complex object oriented hardware/software systems and projects Have good software skills to modify existing test framework/platform/software/code for enhancement and improvement of the tool Proficiency in operating measurement instruments such as Spectrum Analyzers, Vector Signal Generators, Wireless and Cellular Test sets, Network Analyzers, Oscilloscopes, Power Supplies Preferred Technical skills: Hands- on experience with modular products including PXI/PXIe, AXIe etc. Knowledge of instrumentation domain languages such as MATLAB, LabVIEW, LabWindows is a plus. Capability of designing software applications from ground up including front- end and back- end as well as modifying existing source code. Required Soft Skills: Strong written and verbal communication skills Capable of handling multiple simultaneous projects, quick learner Self- motivated problem solver Qualifications : Education Requirements: B. Tech. in Computer Science or Electronics and Communication Engineering from IIT, NIT or equivalent Experience: 5 to 7 years Business : Measurement Solutions & WW Sales Job Category : Support / Service Job Sub- Category : Application Engineering Region : Asia Pacific Country or Area : India State/Province : Delhi Town/City : Delhi Shift : Day Job Job Type : Experienced Schedule : Full- time Travel Required : Yes, 35% of the Time Duration (Temp Positions Only) : Not applicable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development application support debugging wireless consulting matlab api software design front end visa Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Keysight Technologies Keysight Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details