TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle Fusion Cost Management provides Supply chain Managers and Cost Accountants an ability to do better planning, execution and Analysis of the financial data associated with materials and manufacturing operations involved in Supply chain business. Oracle Fusion Cost Management is 'best in class' architecture and plays a central role to various business functions within SCM, interacts with various applications viz, Inventory management, Purchasing / receiving, Order management, Shipping, Payables, Receivables, Manufacturing, etc, thus providing a unique ability to understand and learn variety of cross- application business flows. We work with all the latest technologies that are bundled within Fusion Applications development e.g., SOA BPEL, ADFbc, Web2.0, Business Analytics, and tools such as Jdeveloper, ODI, Essbase, etc. We are seeking brilliant individuals with proven track records to drive the development of Oracle Fusion Applications. BACKGROUND: Computer Science or Engineering background or equivalent experience in writing enterprise software products. SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE: Knowledge of Software Engineering and complete life- cycle product development with focus on quality. Knowledge of Java and J2EE, XML, Web services, SQL, RDBMS. Exposure to MVC architecture (ADF / OAF) , SOA BPEL, Fusion Middleware, Essbase are a plus. Ability to understand business concepts and processes. Ability to meet deadlines in a fast- paced environment while maintaining high quality coding standards. Exposure to APM, ADE processes are a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work in a global team with attitude of sharing and leveraging others knowledge and skills. Ability to work with & mentor junior team members. Exposure to Agile development processes. Location: Oracle IDC, Hyderabad. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details