TITLE: Web and Graphic Designers

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : The Creative City is looking for a designer with high level skills in creative brand development, logo, UI, and web design. The ability to design around usability and higher end designs like the best designs on: Project creative, design, and implementation. Ability to take a project from beginning to end. Deal directly with clients in the design process. Communicate via email using positive and professional writing skills. Maintain all project files in an organized structure. Detail oriented, organized and can manage time efficiently to ensure deadlines are met. Photoshop organization is a must. All files must have named layers, created with expansion and coding in mind. Full understanding of all Adobe software, strong layout, composition and typography skills are a must. Production skills, ability to prepare files for print and web. Knowledge of current design trends, web trends and technologies. Flexible while working under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Ability to work according to the needs of clients and provide them with negotiable solutions in a professional manner. Have the ability to multi-task and work on several projects at once. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Web Designer Keyskills photoshop web design adobe logo layout usability coding typography email creative design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The Creative City Established by the team of highly experienced web professionals, futurists and started with a strong foothold of innovative ideas. Our core team, who came together from a broad range of backgrounds, has specialist knowledge across the full array of website design, web development and web promotion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details