TITLE: Junior Web Developer/Technician

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Nimble Technologies is allways in search for talented junior web developers. p> li> You will be both an Internet enthusiast and willing to over perform and develop yourself within a busy and exciting environment. p> li> Your skill set should include PHP/ ASP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience with MS Access and SQL Server would be an added advantage. p> li> Graduate / MCA / Diploma in web development p> li> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php javascript sql server asp mca web development ms access diploma html css web developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nimble Technologies Nimble Technologies, is a Web Designing company in Delhi, India. We are Internet Engineers and have a team of skilled designers and developers, with a positive attitude for delivering solutions with an edge, and who have track record of sustained success and quality. We combine custom web software with creative design and practical applications. We build high quality, reliable web sites that work, and keep working. We offer a range of communication solutions through various media such as print design, web design & development, customized software solutions, E-Learning, interactive CD-ROMs, corporate presentations, product demos etc. Long-term strategic relationships with clients is our primary business focus and the success of this outlook is evident in the continuous stream of work that we execute for our regular clients who are satisfied with our invariable emphasis on professionalism in service. We at Nimble Technologies provide total quality and ground-breaking solutions in the following domains of expertise: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details