TITLE: Sourcing

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Nov 10, 2015 Gurgaon- Developer- FW- 122001 Shape the Future of Sport adidas Group Careers Search by Keyword Search by Location Share this Job Enter your email to apply Nov 10, 2015 Country India Job Function Sourcing State / Province Haryana Position Type Full time City / Location Gurgaon HR Contact Indraneel Saha Referral Bonus Eligible Yes Brand adidas Group Relocation Yes Job Grade P2 Purpose: 1. Supports the Manager Development/Commercialization in developing a defined range of products. 2. Ensure product is developed to cost targets. Work collaboratively with suppliers to optimise value/cost ratio. Key Responsibilities: Product: Ensure all products are developed in accordance with design and specification requirements as detailed by headquarters while maintaining an emphasis on performance and integrity. Ensure developed product is fully evaluated (without promising the integrity of the developed prototype) in preparation for mass production. Ensure product evaluation covers areas of (IES) fit and wear performance, grading and commercial viability. Is aware of adidas brand mission, core values and customer focus; understand adidas product history. Support the Asst. Dev / Com Manager in working with manufacturers and suppliers in continuous upgrades of technical applications and processes based on specifications and headquarter directions. Should act as an innovative source of ideas to development and design through working with related vendors and manufacturers. Operations: Is required to work within development and commercialization (IES) time lines without compromising product quality and design integrity. Understand and assist in the implementation of all adidas development and commercialization guidelines. Ensure that Development Tech Packages received include all the necessary information required to facilitate product development. Process all SMU requests such as New Colorway, New Upper etc with the same thoroughness as with inline products with a special focus on SMU timelines. Ensures timely delivery of samples of the highest standard in the industry at all stages of development and commercialization (Pre PPR, PPR, Pre PFR, Pre- sell, SMS, MCS, IES fit and wear test samples) Initiate the PPR and PFR tear down meeting with adidas factory production team. Provide complete product development and commercialization (up to IES only) information to the production team to ensure products reach production stage. Ensure that Development Tracking reports are maintained. Communicate regularly with the Project Management team and the costing and planning team on the status of the projects. Facilitate collaboration between factories, development, commercialisation (IES) and costing to achieve cost targets. Ensure cost efficiencies, value/cost ratio and BOM/CBD accuracy are key objectives throughout the development. Provide support in determining and integrating the best possible application for product without compromising on design specification and cost allowance; work on implementing advanced technical developments in the commercialization process (up to IES only) as appropriate. Ensures all product transfer package requests (incoming and outgoing) are thoroughly checked for all necessary and accurate information required for transfers. Is able to co- operate and communicate well with an internationally diverse group of colleagues in the LO offices and in headquarters; is able to work closely with suppliers and manufacturers. Required Education/Experience: At least 3 year experience working in the shoe industry in a technical capacity (strong understanding of footwear manufacturing including pattern- engineering, mold- making, grading, materials processing etc) . IT knowledge (basic office applications, competent in the use of PDM) . Preferably hold a degree in a post- secondary discipline (e.g. Associates Degree, B.A. etc) . Fluent English (Speaking, Writing, Reading) Posting Notes: Gurgaon || Haryana || India || 122001 || adidas Group || Asia Pacific || No Selection Would you like to share this job and other jobs with friends in your network? With just a few clicks, our cool Social Matcher app scans your social or business network and suggest jobs on the adidas Group career website thate are a good match for your friends. Find similar jobs: We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue. We noticed you have accounts in our Talent Community" and Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts. Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts. 1. Reset your password: The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password. 2. Enter your NEW password here: Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems. You are already a user of this site. Please sign in. Create a new account now! Start Your Application Receive Email Updates Join our Talent Community Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills operations project management product development accounts costing co sourcing specification maintaining Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Adidas Group Adidas Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details