TITLE: Senior Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Architect, design, and develop (hands-on) complex infrastructure systems. Participate in all phases of software development life cycle. Develop and implement new products and provide information and support when required. Provide technical and architectural leadership for one or more software engineering teams. Educational Qualification and Experience Bachelor or Master Degree in Engineering, with specialization in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field. 2-5 years of relevant work experience in design and development of . Net applications. Skills/Competencies Strong understanding of software design principles and architecture. Strong knowledge in C# and . NET platform. Experience in Web Development: ASP. NET, HTML, CSS, AJAX, Javascript, JQuery, MVC. 3 years of experience with SQL and database design and development. Working experience in Windows Azure / Sharepoint is a plus. Must be able to work in a dynamic-fast pace environment. Strong problem solving and troubleshooting abilities. Ability to organize and prioritize multiple tasks to meet deadlines. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written). Ability to work effectively as a team member. Self- motivated and able to perform with minimal supervision Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql javascript ajax jquery troubleshooting mvc web development database design information technology software design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AtDrive Group AtDrive is Indias leading Outsourced Product Development Partner and Technology Consulting Company with accomplished records in all areas of Technology consulting and development Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details