TITLE: Web & UI Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A designer is someone who can think creatively to make a lucrative & attractive look. We believe in saying first impression is last impression. And first impression starts from Great UI/UX combination. For this position we need very professional designer who can convert ordinary thing into WOW. One who can follow the inputs & make impressive designs with great color combination & professionalism. One who understands the latest trends and make client say wow after seeing the work. Idea candidate will be having knowledge of latest animation scripts such as HTML5, Jquery, Node JS, etc, With great design skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Web Designer Keyskills animation jquery ux js html5 scripts web ui ui designer be designs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ucodice Ucodice provides business consulting for Any Business over the internet. Ucodice is a team of professional that aims to provide high business solutions. We have Potential to turn a website visitor into your customer by using the skills of our dedicated support team. We are one of leading web Development Company. We provide all the web development solution to the clients across the world. We have a dedicated technical support team to support your softwares backend support, which includes both technical & non-technical support. You can out-source your products support to us for better revenues. We take care of all your customers requirements. At Ucodice, we also offer complete web development solutions from the conceptualization, design, development, integration, and implementation to maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details