TITLE: SEO Professional

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Key Functional Areas of Responsibility : Perform keyword research in coordination with client business objectives to optimize existing content. Provide SEO analysis and recommendations in coordination with elements and structure of websites and web pages. Knowledge of search engine programs (XML Sitemaps , Robots.txt , Google Analytics , Google webmaster tool). Having ability to create meta tags. Implement link building campaigns in coordination with client SEO goals. Having knowledge of HTML. Keep pace with SEO , search engine , social media and internet marketing industry trends and developments. Monitor analytics dashboards , monthly reports and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals. Work closely with the other team members to meet client goals. Keyword selection , research and testing. Having knowledge of Meta Description Tags. Image Optimization. Knowledge of SEO friendly website structure. Internal linking strategy. Site maps , both XML and user facing. Track target keywords. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills internet marketing coordination seo website social media link building html xml optimization google analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Smartech Interactive Private Limited The need for a company as focused on creative design as it is on contemporary technology. A company that embraces change and thrives on it. We are the leading solution providers in the Internet, Multimedia and Graphic Design landscape. Ever since inception, we have worked with a wide range of top level companies, executed the most demanding projects and churned out masterpieces Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details