TITLE: Sales and Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Promotional activities on Social media (Linked -In , Twitter , FaceBook in the same order as given) Writing reports Managing campaigns on social media Create notes on existing Product and Services Offered And Create Presentations for that. Lead generation through cold calling and use of internet technologies and social media. Identifying and developing new business through networking and courtesy and follow -up calls. Preparing and delivering customer presentations and demonstrations of the software , articulately and confidently. Meeting sales targets set by managers and contributing to team targets. Willing to update product knowledge on an ongoing basis. Should be well versed in the three areas: pre -sales , sales and post -sale(non -mandatory). Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Ability to build the database of Indian /US companies and contacts with limited support Involve consistently in generating quality Leads for New Business Identifying clients from databases / directories and Map the Accounts Report Generation , Maintaining Reports Making Outbound Calls and explain about company product & services to clients Set up telephonic / in -person meeting with prospects Email campaign Required skills Good teamwork skills Communication skills Adaptability Good organisation and planning skills Creativity Commercial awareness Numerical skills IT skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills pre sales accounts cold calling networking social media email facebook maintaining adaptability twitter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gunaatita Technology Pvt. Ltd. Gunaatita Technology Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details