TITLE: Artist (Modeling & Texturing) -3D

SKILLS: TV

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Interpret client brief to arrive at a clear understanding of work requirement Create both high resolution and in-game art assets for games of different genres and platforms. Deliver files as per client specifications / best practices with regard to file naming, folder structure etc. Skill Required: Portfolio demonstrating an understanding of form, shape, structure, and silhouette with regard to character and environment modeling. Equally proficient in Maya, 3DS MAX, Zbrush and Mudbox. Knowledge of efficient modeling techniques. Good understanding of corresponding process in production pipeline i. e. texturing and rigging. Self-motivation, good communications skills and problem-solving abilities. Strong foundation in the traditional arts. Candidates should be able to work with minimal input and be comfortable working in a team environment. Superior eye for light, shade, color, and detail in creating painted and realistic texture maps for characters and environments. Good knowledge of UV unwrapping Self-motivated. Requires minimal direction. Can carry the vision for a level / game till completion and commit to deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: TV , Films , Production , Broadcasting Role Category:Production/Technical Role:Animation/Graphic Artist Keyskills development assets pipeline modeling uv texturing maya 3ds max problem solving abilities understanding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lakshya Digital Pvt. Ltd Established in 2004, Lakshya Digital is an interactive entertainment and game development services studio headquartered in Gurgaon, a city in the National Capital Region of New Delhi, India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details