TITLE: B2B - Influencer Management

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description 1. Relationship development with top interior designers and Architects, Project Management Consultants. 2. Information sharing on value propositions of Godrej : Products and Integrated solutions with Interiors 3. participating and leading aspects of the proposal development process. 4. Maintain contact with Influencer personnel to identify future projects and enhance overall influencer relations by proposing new designs/concept with respect to upcoming industry trends to assure value addition for client and secure potential business. 5. Preparation of proposals, bids, sales product quotations and business presentations as per upcoming design trends and blending with business culture of the organization. 6. Mockup for new designs and concepts to create Brand experience for Prospects 7. Database building & management, business opportunity analysis, lead generation 8. Strong technical & commercial knowledge on own products 9. Information sharing and teamwork with Sales team to ensure that there a collaborative effort 10. Organise and participate in Influencer events including membership of different associations Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills events project management business presentations building management erp systems lead generation database building proposal development management consultants sales product Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Website http://www.godrej.com/ Industry Other Industry (Conglomerate/ Diversified Group) Company Turnover 2500 - 5000 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details