TITLE: NETWORK ENGINEERING

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities Configure and install various Network devices and services (e.g., Routers, Switches, Firewalls, load balancers, VPN, QoS) Perform network maintenance and system upgrades including service packs, patches, hot fixes and security configurations Monitor performance and ensure systems availability and reliability Monitor system resource utilization, trending, and capacity planning Provide support and troubleshooting to resolve issues Work within established configuration and change management policies to ensure awareness, approval and success of changes made to the network infrastructure. Select and implement security tools, policies, and procedures in conjunction with the companyrsquos security team Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution. Manage servers, including e- mail, print, internal services for source control, wiki and issue tracking as well as. Maintain and verify backup servers/ systems. Manage security solutions, including firewall, anti- virus, and intrusion detection systems. Manage all network hardware and equipment, including routers, switches, hubs, and UPSs. Provide first hand support, IT training, and troubleshooting to all office staff for IT matters . Requirements Proven hands- on Network Engineering Experience with at least 3 years. Deep understanding of Networking Protocols (e.g., IPSEC, HSRP, BGP, OSPF, 802.11, QoS) Solid understanding of the OSI or TCP/ IP model Hands- on experience with monitoring, Network Diagnostic and Network analytics tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Network Planning Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exadata Consulting Pvt Ltd Exadata Consulting Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details