TITLE: Sr.Executive - Service

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Generation of Service Business & achieving Desired Sales targets Ensure all Service business parameters are met. Promptly address various Customer needs to ensure Satisfaction levels. Judicious Warranty disbursement for reducing Warranty Expenses Mentoring Dealers, Training customers & operators Job Description The incumbent will report to Service Head of the branch location. He will be required to: Visit the customers for generating Service business & evaluating technical jobs viz., repairs, refurbishing etc. Ensure that the work is carried out as per contracts AMC / PMC / CMC schedules & maintain MIS. Support the service business by generation of sales of genuine spares & attachments. Sharp focus on Hiring & Contracts operations & profitability. Ensure customer satisfaction by quick responses for spares and services for long-term relationships. Whilst warranty period, Salvage / repair the spare parts to reuse, understand recurring problems of the products, replacement of spares at customers site and sending back items under warranty to HO for proper accounting and documentation. - Clear & concise communication for follow ups with Customers & Service HO personnel. Have an up beat attitude to remain optimistic & be a go getter. Maintain & have the Service MIS on tab. Provide training to Dealers & customers about upkeepment, maintenance and safety of the equipment purchased by the customers. Note: The incumbent would be required to travel extensively for the purpose of Company-s business as per the job requirements. The incumbent should possess a valid two-wheeler driving license Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills operations service travel mis spare parts amc hiring documentation warranty customer satisfaction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Godrej Industries Ltd Website http://www.godrej.com/ Industry Other Industry (Conglomerate/ Diversified Group) Company Turnover 2500 - 5000 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details