TITLE: Java/J2EE Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Development 1. Write code in Java conforming to company guidelines against written requirements & high-level design documents, particularly for complex modules that cannot be handled by junior developers. Work in an IDE while developing code ( especially in Java) and use VSS, SVN or any other CM tool being used in the company, for checking in and checking out the code being developed. 2. Submit developed code for review, incorporate required changes and conduct Unit testing, after preparing Unit Test Plans and necessary stubs. 3. Review code offered by others and document response in assigned format. 4. Participate in (a) the integration of the developed code with code developed by other team members (this could happen on customer premises if appropriate environment is not available in-house) (b) preparation of the environment for integration testing (c) execution of integration testing (d) fixing the problems relating to the offered code as discovered in the integration testing. 5. Participate in load testing conducted on the final product and fix problems encountered. 6. Assist Product Validation Group in setting up the test environment, writing test cases, generating stubs and executing tests. 7. Review test cases written by the Product Validation Group. 8. Install product in customer location, train the customer reps on product features and operation & maintenance procedures, and complete user acceptance testing, making any changes in the final deliverable as required. 9. Handle customer queries and complaints received directly or through the company support organization. 10. Change code to fix reported customer problems after trouble shooting, get the fix reviewed and complete selective regression testing. 11. Draft user documentation for consolidation by the technical documentation team. This could include GUI, API, O&M and technical documentation relating to COTS. Review drafts prepared by junior developers. 12. Help maintain design requirement documents as directed. 13. Participate in the development, release, support & enhancement activity through multiple release cycles and multiple products 14. Proactively seek feedback/ reviews on self development, learning, developed code. Responsible for completing the assigned task in all aspects by proactively seeking reviews, updating status to supervisors. 15. Ensure the task assigned is understood in all respects and communicate effectively and raise necessary alarms to reporting leads if anything is not understood or no progress is possible. Capability Building 1. Assist junior developers in coding, testing and troubleshooting. 2. Train and support a new member joining the team with little or no experience of the development environment, technology domain and the specific work underway. Focus on scope of work familiarization. Qualifications BE/ B. Tech/ MCA/ M. Tech/ MSc. Skills 1. Language: Java, J2EE, JSP, 2 OS:Linux/ Solaris/ Windows 3. Database:Oracle, PL/ SQL 4. Networkings, IPC, Socket programing 5. Proficient in GSM, ss7 domain, SIP, IVR , Networking 6. Able to write test cases and execute test plans. 7. Able to mentor and guide A4 and A5 employees 8. Able to resolve customer queries independently Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills linux networking development windows solaris mca pl sql troubleshooting gsm coding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Mahindra Comviva Technologies Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details