TITLE: Head of Science Department

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description - Qualifications : MA degree or higher in Physics. Experience with teaching IB Diploma is essential. The successful candidate should also have the capacity to teach Chemistry at IGCSE level. Leadership Experience: The successful candidate should currently be in a position of responsibility and ready to lead a high achieving department of dedicated teachers. To lead the development and implementation of appropriate syllabuses, schemes of work and resources of the curriculum. To monitor, evaluate and report on the effectiveness of practice in the curriculum area. To develop strategies for improvement as a result of monitoring performance data and reviewing patterns. To work with colleagues to formulate, monitor and evaluate the department\'s strategic development plan. To support the Senior Leadership Team in meeting whole school priorities and in realising the school\'s shared vision. To ensure the effective day to day management of the curriculum including deployment of staff and resources and making appropriate arrangements for classes. To take appropriate action in order to build and maintain effective teamwork within the curriculum area through sharing good practice and innovative use of meeting and training times. To ensure that teaching groups are organised so that the interests of all students are best met and in which individuals are encouraged to perform at the highest possible level. To manage the department\'s budget Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills development diploma monitoring dedicated effective communication staff management monitor lead area Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pathways World School. International K12 and Pre-Primary schools in Gurgaon and Noida (Delhi NCR). The curriculum includes the Primary Years, Middle Years and Diploma Programme of the International Baccalaureate Organisation of Geneva. Pathways is the first and currently Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details