TITLE: User Experience Designer and Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good experience with Web Design, for Social Applications, following Web 2. 0 Design Paradigms li> Development of HTML (Handcoding), using the latest development methodology, including HTML5, CSS 3, Responsive Design Practices, JQuery and Javascript for Mobile Friendly Pages li> Knowledge of Table-Less Layouts, Cross Browser Compatibility, SEO Friendly Markup, W3C Standards li> Knowledge of Flash would be an added plus li> Team Player, to work cohesively with a team of co-programmers, senior engineers, Product Managers, QA and Directors li> Strong Design skills using GIMP and Development Skills in XHTML (Handcoding), HTML 5, CSS 3 and JS Libraries like JQuery. Savvy Mobile user. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript development seo jquery web design xhtml co css 3 browser compatibility design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mediology Software Pvt. Ltd Readwhere is an online reading & publishing hub. Read epaper, magazines, books, comics etc. online & offline. It provides the best content for reading on web, Mobile and Tablet Devices. It includes popular News Papers, Magazines, Comics, Books & Journals, all within the same application. Read content from some of the premier newspapers of India, most read magazines and popular comics. Newspapers are free to read. The languages covered include English, Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, Gujarati and Kannada. Magazines include some of India\'s best known Magazine brands, publishing on categories ranging from News, Bollywood, Entertainment, Health, Art and Architecture, Automotive and many more. Our comic book collection will bring back your child hood. Over 700 titles from famous comic book publishers of India. Several of these comics are out of print and hence can be read only via the readwhere. Our eBook collection covers many interesting Books, which are from well known publishers and are best sellers in their own right. This include books on various subjects taught in School, Kids Books, Books on Health and Wellness, Astrology, Novels, Personal and Professional Growth, Management to name a few. p> Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details