TITLE: Oss/bss(telecom Domain) Experts

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Sir/Mam Greetings of the day!! Would you like to apply for Telecom (OSS/BSS ) Testing Positions for different level for for Hyderabad. If you wish to try this opportunity for Hyderabad. Kindly email your resume and all the mandatory details asap at itrecruiter@careertrackers.in Company:A prestigious MNC Role: Senior Test Engineer/Project Lead/Manager- Telecom ( OSS/BSS) Testing Exp: 3 years to 14years Job Location: Hyderabad Package: Best in the Industry Nature of job: Permanent & Fulltime Number of positions : 8 Mandatory details requested for further processing. 1. Full Name ( No Abbreviations) : 2. Email ID: 3. Mobile : 4. Date of Birth (dd-mm-yyyy ) format only : 5. Current Organization: 6.Explanation of Gap in Employment (if any): 7 .Total Exp : 8. Relevant Experience on Telecom Testing ( OSS / BSS) : 9. Current CTC: 10. Expected CTC (Plz mention in figure): 11. Notice Period : 12 .Open for Hyderabad: 13.Current location: 14.Qualification : % scored in each a)Graduation : % scored, Year of completion, Degree name & University: b)PG : % scored, Year of completion, Degree name & University: (A)Job description for Senior Test Engineer ( Telecom Testing) Manual Testing in Telecom BSS/OSS applications(Order Management, Provisioning, CRM , Sales and Self-service and Billing) Strong Written and Verbal Communication skills Able to work independently and perform responsibilities under minimal supervision Ability to work in global environment with people from diverse cultural backgrounds Proven ability to multitask, manage concurrent global project efforts, and work under pressure situations with minimal supervision in a team environment (B)Job Description for Project Lead ( Telecom Testing ) Manual Testing in Telecom BSS/OSS applications(Order Management, Provisioning, CRM , Sales and Self-service and Billing) Strong SQL and UNIX (Commands, Scripting) and Experience in Test Manager, Quality Center and Defect Tracking Tools(Bugzilla/Jira) Strong Written and Verbal Communication skills and Able to work independently and perform responsibilities under minimal supervision and Ability to work in global environment with people from diverse cultural backgrounds Proven ability to multitask, manage concurrent global project efforts, and work under pressure situations with minimal supervision in a team environment Develop good understanding of the Business and Application(s) under test and Fully understand the project requirements and quickly provide effort estimates Design and document test cases / scripts based on the functional specifications and Document test procedures, test steps and expected results to ensure maximum test coverage Should be able to manage and mentor a team (10 to 15 resources) and Adhere to the project testing schedules, and flag immediately if there is a risk of slippage Able to prepare test plan independently and Contribute in developing a Test Approach & Strategy Would appreciate your prompt reply on this position as this requirement is on fire. Kindly share your resume and all the mandatory details at the earliest with us at itrecruiter@careertrackers.in Thanks & Warm regards Renu Dhiman Career Trackers & Consulting 07060331051 07060339051 itrecruiter@careertrackers.in Salary:INR best in the industry Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Career Trackers and Consulting Our Client is a global leader in providing integrated technology and operations-based solutions, headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey. Our Prestigious Client is an IT services company operates in North America, Asia, Europe, Japan and Australia, providing technology consultancy and services. The firm has over 70 offices and customer delivery centers in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details