TITLE: Hiring For Servicenow Developer with 2 to 5 Years Experience

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Finding the right job for your skills is the most important factor in your success.Are you bored of the regular monotonous job? If Yes,We have answer to you. At HyperThread ,We offer the challanges roles with great learning opportunities and we make it fun to learn & Work.Â Hyper Thread Solutions is hiring Service Now Developer with 2 - 5 Years Experience Job Description : Minimum 2 Years Experience in Service Now. Experience with database applications, SQL constructs and query optimization Strong problem solving skills (as applicable to software development process, algorithms) Experience with PERL, JavaScript and/or other dynamic languages Software development experience in Java oriented family languages (J2EE, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, etc.) Practical knowledge of SOA and associated technologies (WSDL, XSD, SAML, etc.) and RestAPI Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle, and various frameworks (AngularJS, Bootstrap, JQuery, etc.) Ability to extract & merge/join data from various repositories for quantitative analysis and generation of actionable information Good estimation skills to determine effort and time needed based on high level requirements would be added an advantage Familiarity with User Interface design and User Experience concepts Experience with software performance analysis and code optimization Understand and analyse requirements and development new ServiceNow applicationsÂ Please bring your updated resumes Or Mail me your Updated resume to the below mail id If you have queries,Â Please Contact below details : Bindu Naini HR Co-Ordinator, bindu@hyperthread.in 9502632386 Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java jquery javascript angularjs HTML5 CSS3 Bootstrap J2EE Webservices Service now Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hyper Thread Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Founded in 2013, Hyper Thread Solutions focuses on delivering a relevant and fruitful business value with our technology experts, who are smart enough to impart a full spectrum Development and Business Consulting. Thats what makes us capable of bringing the Business Operations Optimizations and services to the next level. We make a transcendent plan and then implement the same on an epic scale along with the optimal technology in order to provide the best service solutions for the clients, desiring to dominant this Information Technology world with their tremendous skill. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details