TITLE: Hyperion Essbase & Planning " Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from TEKsystems Global Services PVT LTD...!!! Thanks for showing interest towards this opportunity, and kindly let us know your interest for the below Opportunity with us. Key Accountabilities and Priorities: Ideal candidate should have a minimum of 5+ yrs. experience in implementing Hyperion Essbase & Planning. Hands-on experience in creating complex Hyperion financial reports. Demonstrate working knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) Strong Excel abilities Experience in a project team environment using structured methodologies for gathering business requirements, business processes, data conversions and system interfaces. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skill at all levels, managerial, technical, and user. Demonstrated organizational and prioritization skills and Works well under pressure with the ability to manage multiple, concurrent activities without losing track of details and can work autonomously under self-direction Experience implementing against data from EBS or other ERP Systems. Preferably Hyperion Certified Consultant Visual Basic or Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) TECHNICAL SKILLS: Restructured scripts for defragmentation of Essbase cubes. Analysing Data financial reports using Excel Add-ins. Creating users and groups in Hyperion Essbase and assigned privileges to them. Applying security filters for different applications. Creating Maxl scripts for automating the monthly and yearly load process. Performing troubleshooting for end-users in Essbase/Planning. Performance tuning for BSO & ASO applications. Good knowledge on EPMA and Classic applications. Hands-on experience in creating HFR Reports. Hands-on experience in creating Business rules/Smart list/Task list Hands-on experience working with work flow in Hyperion Planning. Good knowledge in administration and infrastructure activities in Hyperion Essbase\Planning Should be strong at installations and configuration of Hyperion components. Mandatory in Upgradations and migrations. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Best In Market Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills hyperion Essbase Planning ASO BSO Cubes Migrations Installations Upgrades Configurations Essbase & Planning Desired Candidate Profile Should be travel ready for assignments. Ability to work on multiple assignments when required. Willingness to stretch beyond regular hours when required. Good communication skills. Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: TEKsystems Global Services TEKsystems Global Services is a privately held IT/Professional Services organization with over 230 concurrent engagements with facilities in the U.S, Canada, Europe, and Asia. Our Services Portfolio enables us to deliver projects and resources in the area of Application Development/Maintenance, Business Intelligence, Quality Assurance COE, Infrastructure Services, and Education Services. We are part of a larger, privately held parent corporation called Allegis Group, that currently generates over 11.6 Billion in revenue per year and TEKsystems Global Services is the fastest growing operating company within the Allegis family. At the beginning of Q4 in 2012, TEKsystems Global Services acquired a strategic partner specializing in the area of Business Intelligence products and services, by the name of Frontline Consulting Services (FCS). TEKGS has extensive experience in the field of Enterprise Applications, Business Process Integration, Products & Application Development and Business Process Outsourcing. We have facilities strategically located in Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Santa Clara, Washington D.C, Amsterdam, London & South Africa, providing on-site and off-shore development with an employee base of 1000+ specializing in Oracle BI, Oracle EBS, WebMethods, Java, .NET, GXS among others. Focus Area - Hyderabad * BI/ Data warehousing * Enterprise Application * Fusion Middleware * WebMethods * Custom Application Development Growth, Opportunity, & Technical Environment We are working with several large strategic clients from various verticals like Oil & Gas, Aviation, Manufacturing, Engineering, Hi-tech and Higher Education etc. At FCS you will have an opportunity to work on: * Cutting edge technologies in ETL Tools - Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator, OBIEE, MS BI, etc. * A variety of projects like Implementations, Tech stack upgrades, Support Services * A variety of source systems like Oracle EBS, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, SAP, etc. * A variety of verticals such as Hi-tech, Manufacturing, Retail, Engineering, Banking etc. * WebMethods implementations using the latest releases like 8.0 and 8.2, and a technology stack that includes CAF, BPM, BAM etc. In addition to enhancing your knowledge and footprint on all BI technologies, you will also get to work on a variety of ETL tools like SSIS, SSRS and ODI etc. You will also get exposure to exciting things like Mobile applications because FCS provides its own Mobile Platform for launching BI Applications, as well as working on BigData technologies like Endeca, Exalytics etc. Practice Summary Our practice areas have had an aggressive compounded annual growth rate over the last three years and the ensuing year is looking better than ever. EBS/Fusion * Services ranging from Business Process Study and Re-engineering, EBS implementations, Upgrades, Data Conversions and Migrations, and Managed Services. * Realizes the potential of Oracle Fusion by aligning with Oracle's strategy. * Dedicated to design and implement of SOA based solutions using Oracle Fusion Middleware products. BI Practice * No #1 BI/EPM Partner for Oracle in US, where we forge long standing partnerships with our customers that take a strategic approach with how we help them improve their business over the long term. * 200 + dedicated resources, 150+ successful live implementations * Experts in implementing latest modules announced by Oracle including Manufacturing Analytics and Enterprise Asset Management Analytics * House In-house Exalytic's Appliance at our Data Centers * We are an Oracle Platinum Partner, BI Pillar Partner & Co-Development Partner (built Oracle BI Apps MFG & EAM Modules for 7964 and Oracle DSR) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details