TITLE: RAM Engineer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this B.Tech-Mechanical /EEE /ECE candidates age about 25 to 28 years and 3-5 years experience in Reliability, Availability & Maintainability Techniques in Railways / Automotive /Mass Transit domains. At least 2-4 years of experience on RAM Techniques, and Railway domain, safety critical systems is added advantage, and also experience in using RAM tools like Reliasoft, RAM commander or any others. Knowledge and experience of RAM analysis techniques, engineering processes and standards including EN 50126.Â Job Responsibilities: * Support the development and implementation of the project RAM plan and procedures. * Analysing system Reliability by performing Reliability Block Diagram (RBD) based on redundancy models. * Perform detailed Reliability analysis using techniques such as Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) and Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) * Performing Maintainability analysis to calculate the MTTR or downtime of the system * Performing Reliability analysis to calculate the MTBF of the system. * Performing Spare parts analysis to calculate the number of spares required and stocks recommended * Perfoming Reliability prediction for Eclectronics/Mechanical systems using MIL-HDBK-217F, HDBK 217 plus, IEC 62380 or other standards * Responsible for the preparation of Life Cycle Cost analysis (LCC) * Recording, analysing and distributing statistical information. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Industrial Engineer Keyskills MTTR FTA Spare Parts Life Cycle Cost Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Mechanical Company Profile: HBL Power Systems Ltd. HBL Power Systems Ltd is pioneers in Battery Technology in India with Turnover over 1200 crores. HBL products range includes Batteries for Automotive, Solar Energy, Railways, Telecom, Defence, Inverter Batteries and Inverters. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details