TITLE: Staffing Associate

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â 1.Will effectively collaborate with the Recruiter, SA Lead and the UR Team to facilitate the end to end Hiring Process. 2. Ensuring that all the pre-hiring activities Logistics, Email Support, Accommodation and Travel is set up 3. Scheduling of interviews as and when needed 4. Logistical arrangement for Interviewing out station candidates 5. Updating the Application tracking system on a real-time basis 6. Working on Excel in updating data and maintaining the timely Dashboard 7. Working on staffing tools and other related staffing platforms 8. Coordinate with the interviewers, recruiters and vendors on the logistics arrangements. 9. Strong knowledge on MS Excel and Power Point presentation Competencies: 1. Strong Organizational skills 2. High Attention to detail. 3. Good written and verbal communication 4. Good Knowledge on MS Excel, Power Point presentation 5. System thinking 6. Interpersonal skills Desirable Candidates: BA/BS Degree in Business Administration or commerce and MBA or PG in Human Resources is always a+ Staffing experience of 1-2 years preferable Reporting and Analytical background will help. Also should to open to travel across India. Open Job requisition in HeadTrax, publish to e-rec and post to internal / external careers site. Post job openings to internal and external job boards and close openings once hiring process is completed. Update recruiting activities in real-time on the staffing applicant tracking system and manage data integrity. Manual upload of CVs/ Resumes that come through from other sources eg agency. Facilitate staffing process, including answering candidate questions _ related to staffing admin. Scheduling of phone screens prior to interview where required. Scheduling of all interviews. Travel and Accommodation booking for interview. Administrative aspects of all offers: create external/internal offers for candidates after receiving required information from SC Managing expense re-imbursement and invoice payments including PO Processing accrual management. Initiate relocation process with re-location center. Assist candidates with benefits questions as appropriate. Assist with reference checking. Ensure new hires are correctly set up in the system. Clear hand off to HR ops for new employee orientation employees who have submitted employee referrals are kept updated via the employee referral tool. Collate and sent out various monthly staffing newsletters eg. Area, intl senior Jobs. Etc.. Provide recruiting reports and analysis on a weekly, monthly or quarterly basis to Talent Acquisition leads (TALs) or other members of the staffing Team, including updated against all Key performance indicators (KPIs) if no Staffing Associate lead in your area). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Staffing Specialist/ Manpower Planning Keyskills Staff Hire Hiring source shortlist travel reimburse invoice purchase order Accommodation Recr recruiting Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd. www.collabera.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details