TITLE: Assistant Manager - Member Relations

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Monitoring smooth and effective on boarding process of a member a. Verify and authenticate sale executed by the DSAs and completing the sale b. Manage the Welcome Call process and execute the Welcome process for the dispersal of the Welcome Kit c. Update the system with Welcome call d. Ensure the Gifts are dispersed at the specified time limit 2. Managing Member Relations a. Holiday Planning - Making a pro-active call to the members, enlightening them on their eligibility and making them use their holidays appropriately at the right time, thus maximizing unique member holidaying c. Query Resolution at the control location d. Complaint Resolution - Attending to members complaints and discrepancies, resolving them and taking corrective action e. Managing Cancellations Post rescission and maximize Member retention 3. To ensure quality and adherence to process and time lines as specified for each activity a. Monitor and Improve on the control location Welcome call feedback score b. Monitor and Improve on the control location IMRB score periodically c. Ensure that errors are reduced over the previous ISO audit 4. Generating revenues for the organization a. Suggesting and Helping members for Up gradation, revivals and reinstatement b. Ensure pro active calling by Executives for the collection of ASF and ROCs. c. Ensure Post holiday calls are made to obtain member feedback and generate referrals 5. To maintain the team effectively towards the customer satisfaction. a. Responsible for recruitment, training, mentoring and retention of their team members b. Allocate tasks to the team c. Review of Teams performance d. Periodic tracking of performance appraisal of the team 6. To ensure that all the interactions assigned to Self and to the Team are resolved within the specified time limit Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills PRO ISO Audit Corrective Action Quality Adherence Query Resolution Customer Satisfaction client relationship member relations member retention Desired Candidate Profile Educational Qualification Graduation/Post graduationExperience Required 3 to 5 years of ExperienceKnowledge and Skills required Product and Process KnowledgePersuasive, Negotiating and Influencing SkillsPatience and Good Listening SkillsProactive approachExcellent Interpersonal SkillsDecision Making SkillsTeam ManagementExcellent Communication SkillsDesired IndustryHospitality, Insurance and banking with customer care / member service Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: MAHINDRA HOLIDAYS AND RESORTS INDIA LIMITED Mahindra Holidays &amp; Resorts India Ltd. a part of the Infrastructure Sector of the Mahindra Group, brings to the industry values such as Reliability, Trust and Customer Satisfaction. Started in 1996, the company's flagship brand is 'Club Mahindra' Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details