TITLE: NDT Inspectors - Asnt/isnt NDT Level III

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this NDT Inspectors - ASNT/ISNT NDT Level III Qualification: Graduate /Diploma in Engineering (Mechanical/Naval Architecture/Civil/Electrical), ASNT/ISNT NDT Level III with UT/RT/MT & PT Experience: Minimum 2-3 years' experience in NDT of pressure vessels or ship building/ repair. (There would be on job tests and interview apart from verifying experience as per one's certificates) Other requirements: *Fluent in English and local language *Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint and AutoCAD *Familiarity with ISO quality procedures Specific jobs: *Witness and undertake the NDT activities being done on welded joints of ship structures. *Ensure the work is being carried out as per approved procedure and technique sheets. *Prepare detailed weld test plans from given guidelines *Checking correctness of the test plans submitted by yard. *Maintaining all NDT reports in both hard and soft copies for monitoring the work. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES - NON DESTRUCTIVE TEST INSPECTOR (Level- III) 1. Witnessing and if required undertaking of Non Destructive Test, carried out of welded joints of ship structures i.e. visual inspection, liquid penetration testing, magnetic particle inspection, ultrasonic testing and radiographic testing. 2. Ensure that the work is being carried out as per approved procedures and technique sheets. 3. Ensure that the qualified Non Destructive Test personnel are put on the job by undertaking on job tests and interview apart from verification of certificate showing adequate experience. 4. Preparation of detailed weld test plans from the given guidelines and checking the correctness of Test Plans, submitted by the yard, prior to its implementation on the job. 5. Maintenance and recording of all Non Destructive Test reports in both hard and soft copy for monitoring the work and for archiving for posterity. 6. Apprise overseer or his representative officer and staff regarding NDT techniques, methods and procedures followed by the yard. 7. Data recording and its analysis, to monitor progress of work adhering to laid down quality standards and NDT techniques. 8. Analysis of available information and technical inputs for recommending changes either in production or in NDT techniques Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills NDT Inspectors - ASNT ISNT NDT Level III Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical Company Profile: conceptia software Technologies Pvt Ltd Design Engineer, Hull, Outfitting and Ship structuring Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details