TITLE: Accounts Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main Job Tasks and Responsibilities Accounting Manager is responsible for all areas relating to financial reporting. Obtain and maintain a thorough understanding of the financial reporting and general ledger structure. Responsible for day to day accounting control Daily monitoring of debtors and their collections. Develop, maintain, and analyze budgets, preparing periodic reports that compare budgeted costs to actual costs. Taking initiation on Income Tax & Service Tax matters like calculation of Advance Tax, Filing of Quarterly TDS returns. Responsible for the balance Sheet finalization Ensure the timely reporting of all monthly financial information. Ensure the accurate and timely processing of positive pay transactions. Ensure the monthly and quarterly Bank Compliance activities are performed in a timely and accurate manner. Supports budget and forecasting activities. Responsible for MIS and various reports to the management. Monitors and analyzes department work to develop more efficient procedures and use of resources while maintaining a high level of accuracy. Advises staff regarding the handling of non-routine reporting transactions. Responds to inquiries from the Director of Finance, Controller, and other finance and firm wide managers regarding financial results, special reporting requests and the like. Work with the Controller to ensure a clean and timely yearend audit. Supervise the general ledger group to ensure all financial reporting deadlines are met. Assist in development and implementation of new procedures and features to enhance the workflow of the department. Provide training to new and existing staff as needed. Work with each direct report to establish goals and objectives for each year and monitor and advice on the progress to enhance the professional development of staff. Support Controller with special projects and workflow process improvements. Survey operations to ascertain accounting needs and to recommend, develop, and maintain solutions to business and financial problems Develop the annual operating budget and consult with departmental management on the fiscal aspects of program planning, salary recommendations, and other administrative actions. Prepare, examine, and analyze accounting records, financial statements, and other financial reports to assess accuracy, completeness, and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Establish tables of accounts, and assign entries to proper accounts. Develop, implement, modify, and document record keeping and accounting systems, making use of current computer technology. Compute taxes owed and prepare tax returns, ensuring compliance with payment, reporting and other tax requirements. Interact with internal and external auditors in completing audits. Provide internal and external auditing services for businesses and individuals. Report to management regarding the finances of establishment. Advise management about issues such as resource utilization, tax strategies, and the assumptions underlying budget forecasts. Analyze business operations, trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments, and obligations, to project future revenues and expenses or to provide advice. Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Accounting Finance Control Auditing Taxation TDS Service Tax Matters Income Tax Balance Sheet Finalisation Advance Tax Tax Returns Desired Candidate Profile Education and Experience Relevant Masters degree recommended Should possess a minimum of 3-4 yrs experience in the relevant field. FMCG exposure will be an added advantageKey Competencies Strong verbal and written communication skills Professional personal presentation. Capable of managing and working along with the team. Organizing and planning Initiative Reliability Result Oriented (Confident and Drives effective closure) Good Personality (Well Groomed, Confident, Positive attitude) Attention to detail and accuracy Planning and organizing Judgment and problem-solving A Can do approach to work and a strong sense of commitment towards work Service Orientation and Adherence to the system Excellent and fluent communication skills Stress tolerance Information and task monitoring Skills in organizing, prioritizing and follow-up Computerized Accounting Procedures and knowledge. Must be PC proficient and able to thrive in a fast -pace setting Company Profile: EIGERBUCK We are into Chocolate manufacturing and distribution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details