TITLE: Sr.content Writer/web Content/hyd/immediate/(4-8)yrs

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Organize material and complete writing assignment according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology.Â Maintain records and files of work and revisions.Â Edit, standardize, or make changes to material prepared by other writers or establishment personnel.Â Select photographs, drawings, sketches, diagrams, and charts to illustrate material.Â Develop or maintain online help documentation.Â Assist in laying out material for publication (except news & magazine).Â Study drawings, specifications, mock-ups, and product samples to integrate and delineate technology, operating procedure, and production sequence and detail.Â Arrange for typing, duplication, and distribution of material.Â Observe production, developmental, and experimental activities to determine operating procedure and detail.Â Analyze developments in specific field to determine need for revisions in previously published materials and development of new material (except news & magazine).Â Review published materials and recommend revisions or changes in scope, format, content, and methods of reproduction and binding.Â Confer with the Editor, to establish specifications and to determine subject material to be developed for online publication (except news & magazine).Â Ad hoc editing/creation and subbing of marketing copy, email copy and general site copy, as and when required.Â Work on improve the formatting, style, and accuracy of text in special projects such as reports, surveys with related research teams.Â Take care of the total content for the TDB website (except news & magazine).Â Taking care of the terms and conditions written on the website (except news & magazine).Â Salary:INR 3,25,000 - 8,25,000 P.A Industry: Export / Import Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Editing Content Writing content development website content blogger content creation Desired Candidate Profile Minimum qualification: Graduate A superb business expression in English with a thorough command on the language is a must. Ability to research and compile complex data and information. Foreign Trade subject matter expertise will be given preference. Minimum benchmark: The candidate should be well aware of current foreign trade environment in India. Excellent eye for detail. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd. (The Dollar Business) The Dollar Business is a contemporary magazine (print and online) on the subject of foreign trade, covering all industries under the umbrellas of both Manufacturing and Services sectors. It belongs to the house of Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd., a media company headquartered in Hyderabad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details