TITLE: Customer Support Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile: Day shift & 5 days a week Responding to customer query over emails Calling Providers for information as and when required Working on reports Updating member and provider records Candidate Profile:Â Should have experience in International calling and Email process Excellent written and verbal communication skills(English) Positive attitude Good knowledge MS office(MS Word, Excel) Good Keyboard skills(typing speed-40wpm) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Word Typing Excel MS Office Customer Support Verbal Communication Communication Skills outbound process voice based process Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: GBG Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. Global Benefits Group is the largest independent, fully integrated provider of international benefits in the world. In 2010, GBG celebrated its 30th year of serving the needs of expatriates, third-country nationals and local nationals. Because of our unique underwriting platform, GBG can offer a multitude of insurance products - including health, life, income replacement and special risks - to individuals, groups as small as 5, and large groups of any size anywhere in the world. As globalization of the world's economy has continued to accelerate, GBG has developed customized products that are desperately needed by international and multinational companies. Thus, our Mission is simple: To deliver customer-oriented insurance and financial services products to the international community supported by a concrete commitment to customer service. GBG has full-service administrative offices in Southern California (Corporate Headquarters); Belgrade, Serbia; Hyderabad, India; London, England; Manila, Philippines; Quito, Ecuador; Shanghai, China; Singapore; and Vienna, Austria. In addition, GBG has local field representation in Brazil, Dubai, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Philippines, South Korea, Thailand, The Netherlands, United Kingdom and Venezuela. GBG business is generally issued via GBG Insurance Limited, an offshore captive domiciled in Guernsey, Channel Islands. All business is reinsured by a world-class panel; when required by specific regulation, business is issued by locally domiciled insurance companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details