TITLE: AR Analyst-ii

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: AR Analyst II (Collections & Deduction Management) Location: Hyderabad Introduction to EA & India centre: Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA develops, publishes, and distributes interactive software worldwide for video game systems, personal computers, wireless devices and the Internet.EA India s office in Hyderabad supports game development activities for mobile gaming, console, online and free to play casual game portal pogo.com. Two corporate functions operate shared services centers: IT provides networks & applications support whereas Finance supports purchase to pay, accounts receivables, revenue accounting, fixed assets accounting, procurement support, payroll & FP&A. Position Summary: AR Analyst II The objective of this role is to support the EA Shared Service Center Operations based in Hyderabad with particular emphasis on North America retail market by performing collections and deduction management for our retail customers. Job description: Downloading bank statements and apply cash in Oracle R12 for payments received from customers. Send cash application completion notification to relevant groups & update relevant payment logs. Application of Non AR payment received to relevant GL codes provided. Reconcile bank to sub -ledger to GL account & report/ analyze the unapplied & unidentified cash. Contact internal/ external parties to identify unapplied & unidentified cash & apply them within the set turn around. Responsible for the delivery of service levels and SLA/ KPI targets for the accounting function. Responsible for identifying, researching and resolving customer deductions within the stipulated time. Issuing credits for valid customer deductions and Processing settlements in Oracle R12. Maintain the Customer Master by creating new customers and updating existing customers. Experience in performing AR subledger close and AR reconciliation processes. Carry out the month end close processes in a timely and accurate manner. Collect and maintain global cash application data for management reporting and analytics Job Requirements Bachelor s degree in Finance or Accounting with 5+ years of relevant AR work experience in an MNC (B2B environment in BPO/ shared services) with at least 2 years in cash application and deduction management related activities. Strong grasp of basic accounting principles Expert in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word Strong systems knowledge of Oracle R12 preferred Excellent verbal & written English communication skills since the person is required to communicate with global business partners. Establish and maintain effective liaison with internal and external customers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Animation / Gaming Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills bpo operations collections service reconciliation analytics procurement gl payroll oracle AR Analyst - II Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Electronic Arts Games (India) Pvt. Ltd. Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details