TITLE: Senior Database Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Corporate Technology & Risk (CTR) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase s Controls, Compliance, Legal, HR and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTR s drive to standardization, consistency and simplicity is a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long -term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Compliance Technology, Oversight & Controls Technology, Legal & e -Discovery, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, HR Real Estate & Global Services Technology, and Third Party Risk Management. Control System Technology provides strategic application development and production support to 5 firm -wide organizations whose focus is strongly aligned to the firm s enterprise wide control agendas: Oversight and Control, IT Risk Management, Sourcing & Procurement, Global Security & Investigations, and Global Business Resiliency. As member of the CST Data Management COE, the Database Engineer will lead the effort in developing a consistent use of data and data architecture across the Operational Risk Systems Technology portfolio including data/ database guidance/ standards, data dictionaries, a framework to guide development teams to ensure consistency during application builds and upgrades, protocols for oversight and management to ensure the on -going consistency and peer to peer review. She/ he will ensure Firmwide standards and guiding design principles are adhered to when mapping and auditing data/ information assets as they flow from upstream applications and interfaces to downstream reporting and analytical applications, to ensure optimal transparency, quality, consistency, and controlled redundancy across the organization Requirements Design and document database architecture Participate in design reviews and system testing Review data modeling, engineering and deployment procedures to look for opportunities for performance improvements and driving down operational costs Provide database level impact analysis for database migration Identifying gaps in current standards/ services and negotiating enterprise vs. project solutions. Managing multiple assignments simultaneously, while working independently and with other engineers and SMEs. Identifying, recommending, and implementing emerging IT trends, developments, and improvements/ solutions Excellent problem solving skills and technical reasoning Proficiency in Erwin Data Modeler Tool and Data Modeling experience Expert in Kimball -style dimensional modeling Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills real estate development oracle procurement data modeling sourcing data architecture problem solving data management ms sql server Senior Database Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications 10 years Data Modeling Experience 10 years of Data Warehousing Experience Expert level knowledge of HA technologies especially for Oracle and MS SQL Server Any certification is a plus (Oracle, SQL Server) Expert knowledge of Oracle and MS SQL Server database internals Performance tuning for applications written in Pl/ SQL. Hands -on experience with different aspect of database tuning, application and SQL tuning. Experience in making good decisions with limited information Must be able to interface effectively with all levels of the organization. Must have excellent interpersonal skills and be strong and effective communicator Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details