TITLE: Project/ Program Manager - Facilities & Corporate Realty - BPO

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Project / Program Manager - Facilities & Corporate Realty for MNC BPO in Hyderabad. Job Description : The Manager will be responsible for complete oversight of planning, design and construction of the upcoming new sites and ensuring timely delivery of these sites as per business requirements. The role will analyse and evaluate different facility scenarios and build-out designs that are most optimal for the business requirements. The role will also include evaluation of new sites and finalization of the most optimum sites based on the commercial and technical evaluations. This opportunity combines planning, project management, facilities management and oversight of minor fit-out works for new and existing buildings. This position will also be responsible for driving efficiencies within Facilities, Transport and Security functions working closely with the Real Estate & Facilities, IT, Architect, PMC, Procurement, Finance, Training, Workflow and other internal teams as part of the role requirement. - To be the key representative responsible for advocating for team's interests throughout the full build cycle closely working with Facilities, IT and Security teams. - Own the delivery of new sites in India on time, on spec, within budget and always safe - Program Manage and support facility expansion projects by working in close co-ordination with Facilities and IT teams. Lead schedule, cost and quality adherence efforts for the expansion projects. - Direct and review civil engineering and architectural design performed by outside consultants with focus on optimal suitability, budget and efficiency. - Prepare reports, specifications and technical analysis to fully define the design requirements, equipment and services required. - Co-ordinate small and medium projects management for renovation and fit outs (refurbishment). - Ensure that strategic contracts are fit for purpose, cost effective and incorporate appropriate Service Level Agreements. - Coordinate with GREF in ensuring smooth transition from Project to Go-Live phase. - Working with the facilities team, ensure that the maintenance services are delivered in line with the contractual commitments and within budgets. - Influence the technical, commercial terms and conditions, operational scope and service level for annual maintenance contracts by working with the facilities team. Drive projects that shall generate savings in areas such as energy, resources consumption and cost of maintenance operations. Identify action plans and drive closure working with finance, facilities, operations and other partners. - Working with corporate facilities, HR and finance ensure that all sites are compliant with all regulatory and statutory requirements in the areas of security and safety. - Be the POC for all Site Security related matters for India. Work with respective Site Security Facilitators (SSFs) and establish a robust audit and vigilance mechanism in order to ensure compliance to GSO policies. - Liaison with Corporate Security - India in order to meet operational and strategic needs of the business. - Work in close co-ordination with transport team in order to drive efficiencies in day to day operations as well as meet strategic and cost goals for the same. Candidate Details : - Graduate / PG from recognized university with Overall experience 9+ years with atleast 3 - 4 years in in driving Projects & Programs in Facilities & Corporate Realty in an MNC BPO, etc. - Preferred background work experience in construction and fit-out projects of having worked with Large IT / ITES / BPO companies. - Excellent communication skills. - Excellent knowledge of Excel and Word and power point. - Communication Skills - Excellent customer management skills - Negotiation skills - Presentation and reporting skills - Project Management and Facilities Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Facility Management Keyskills Project Management ITES BPO Program Management SCOPE Transition PMC Construction Maintenance Operations Customer Management Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Search Light A Leading Client of Search Light A Leading Client of Search Light Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details