TITLE: US IT Bench Sales Executive Immediate Joining for 0.6-2 Years

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 0.6 - 2+ years of experience in Marketing Bench Candidates. Should have experience in entire Sales Life Cycle and have ability to market more than multiple candidates at a time. Individual with a passion for Bench sales and looking to pursue their career in marketing consultants. Working experience with direct vendors.Posting/submitting their resumes on various job boards/requirements and finding requirements for them through other resources. Checking with the consultants comfort on job requirements and suggesting any modifications required to improve their chances of short listing for the job positions applied. Working directly with end clients requirements like Tier 1 Vendors/Implementation partners. Interacting, developing Tier-1 Vendor or Implementation Partners network daily basis to get the Bench candidates placed in minimal turnaround time. Experience in working with different job portals like DICE, Monster, Corp to Corp, Career Builders etc. Should co-ordinate with interview process and all the concerned till the position is closed. Clear understanding of tax terms like Corp to Corp, W-2, 1099 etc. Must be able to reach the quarterly targets.Need to have Excellent Communication Skills. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 2,25,000 P.A. + incentives Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Marketing Bench Sales Communication Skills Life Cycle bench sales executive US IT benchsales US IT Recruiting Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Centraprise IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. Centraprise IT Solutions, specializes in providing business solutions for clients in IT Industries all over USA. We provide IT Consulting and Staffing services to various Fortune 500 and Government Clients in USA. Presently we are having 900+ consultants on our payroll and we are having 150 consultants on bench. We are having expertise in various technologies. For more details, Please visit our website www.centrapriseit.com We are currently expanding our team in Hyderabad Office. We have the following job opportunities at our Hyderabad Office. These are Full time positions based at our off shore office in Hyderabad working on night shifts between 7:30 pm - 4:30 am IST. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details