TITLE: Software Dev Sr. Analyst- Asp.net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The candidate for this role will have excellent development and analytical skills. Responsible for working both individually and in team environments to develop and deliver business functionality based on Microsoft .NET, MVC, MQ, AngularJS and basic Oracle SQL/ PLSQL. The candidate will work closely with TPMs, Solution Architects through requirement analysis, Design, development, unit testing and assisting with deployment of developed components in Microsoft .NET Technology. The candidate should have strong Lead Capabilities. The candidate should have Supply chain Domain knowledge and should have prior experience in Server and MQ upgrades. The Person will also be involved in Production support. Responsibilities Demonstrate understanding of business requirements and functional specifications. Prepare technical design documents and develop as per the design to meet project requirements. Investigate and resolve complex problems through research and technical analysis. Review change management procedures and follow methodology for moving programs and code into production Provide continual assessment and review of unit testing and integration plans to ensure the solutions meet the business need and are working as designed. Provide Production support and lead a team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle development production support microsoft server mvc mq data analysis change management unit testing Software Dev Sr. Analyst- Asp.net Desired Candidate Profile Experience: 4 to 6 years of experience in .Net / AngularJS and Oracle PLSQL development Strong Data Analysis skills Excellent problem -solving skills, a self -starting attitude and good communication skills are essential. Must be able to work in a team -oriented environment Work with distributed team to do Proof of Concept (POC) on any new initiatives Excellent communication skills (oral and written) Nice to have: Supply chain planning domain knowledge. Architectural exposure Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Dell For more than 26 years, Dell has empowered countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether theyre at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details