TITLE: Banking Operation , BACK Office, Corporate Banking, Backend

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Note- out of Delhi NCR candidate send your details through sms on this number only 8588044827 . Â name , email id , mobile no and current location for telephonic round interview. Send your CV at:- hr.placement888@gmail.com Contact no- 8586072467 1. Candidate should have good communication skills 2. Team Handling 3. Basic knowledge of excel 4. Typing speed should be min 15 wpm 5. Records transactions by logging cashier's checks, traveler's checks, and other special services; preparing currency transaction reports. 6. Cross-sells bank products by answering inquiries; informing customers of new services and product promotions; ascertaining customers' needs; directing customers to a branch representative. 7.Completes special requests by closing accounts; taking orders for checks; opening and closing christmas and vacation clubs; exchanging foreign currencies; providing special statements, copies, and referrals; completing safe-deposit box procedures. 8. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. 9. Maintains customer confidence and protects bank operations by keeping information confidential. 10. Complies with bank operations and security procedures by participating in all dual-control functions; maintaining customer traffic surveys; auditing other tellers' currency; assisting in certification of proof. Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Financial Accountant Keyskills Accounting Cashier Activities Auditing Banking Operations Typing Speed Team Handling Finance and Tax and Audit finance and statutory audit accounts and tax and audit Branch banking branch operations branch banking operations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, BCA - Computers, Other Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.A - Any Specialization, M.Com - Commerce, Other Company Profile: RMV Career Placement Pvt Ltd Banking Operation Profile RMV Career Placement PVT LTD RMV Career placement pvt ltd is a Delhi based HR consultancy firm. We are engaged in providing comprehensive job consultancy. Through our unique Franchisee and widespread network of agents in multiple locations, we cater to the needs of clients in India. We create a platform for both hiring companies and job seekers for the fulfillment of their requirements efficiently. Further, the success of our company can be defined by the placement of over 35 candidates in just 1 Months of our establishment. All the business activities of the organization are managed under the guidance of Mr. Sahil Rana(CEO). With his sharp business acumen, we are able to carve a niche in the market as one of the prominent Placement Consultants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details