TITLE: Senior Analyst, Finance Risk & Controls

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Evaluating the existence, design effectiveness of processes and controls, including testing of controls to ensure that they are operating and that there is sufficient evidence of procedures being performed. Key steps will include: Designing control audit programs; Testing of controls; Communicating exceptions resulting from the testing phase to the appropriate level of management for remediation; Coordinating, assisting, and reconfirming to ensure that exceptions are appropriately resolved. Ensure that appropriate and required documentation in support of key processes and controls are maintained. Responsibility will include: Provide guidance to management of the business units regarding the creation of the required documentation in accordance with Franklin Templeton Standards; Monitor to ensure that the inventory of documents is current and up-to-date. Consulting with management of the business units in the design and implementation of new or enhanced processes, with the goal of strengthening controls, meeting business objectives and meeting corporate governance requirements. Working with Internal Audit, External Auditors and other key stakeholders in assessing the effectiveness of internal controls. Develop a strong, motivated and skilled professional staff to meet the changing needs of the business and ensuring that appropriate career feedback and training is provided. Continuing education development KNOWLEDGE, EDUCATION, AND EXPERIENCE: Three to five years of combined experience in internal or external auditing, SOX compliance practices Bachelors Degree in Accounting or Finance. Advanced degree a plus. Big 4 Public Accounting experience preferred. Experience with providing advisory support to business unit leaders in the identification and design of controls, remediation of exceptions and process improvement initiatives will be viewed favorably. LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS: Certifications such as CPA, CA, CIA, CISA, and/or CFE are preferred. Candidates who have substantially completed required skills designed will be considered. ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Work experience in the investment management industry and/or financial sector. Knowledge of regulations governing the investment management industry. SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Possess a strong understanding of the COSO framework, Sarbanes-Oxley Act (Sections 302 and 404), financial reporting risks, internal controls, US GAAP, and IFRS, with the ability to make control recommendations to successfully mitigate key risks. Solid understanding of business process risk analysis and financial controls testing, in order to design and assess key financial reporting controls testing. Demonstrate the ability to convey clear insights and thought leadership. Be a strong team player, with the ability to multitask and work in cross-functional teams, in order to cultivate leadership abilities and develop operational and financial management skills. Possess a strong work ethic, high degree of motivation and the ability to contribute to a positive team attitude; proven dedication to teamwork, leadership and integrity within a professional environment. Be results driven, able to lead and influence without authority and be flexible with good work prioritization skills. Demonstrate initiative, strategic thinking, sound reasoning, business acumen, and analytical skills. Present complex analysis with clarity and professionalism. Be comfortable interacting with senior level management while portraying a strong professional image. Possess analytical reasoning, creative problem-solving abilities, and strong interpersonal skills. Demonstrate a confident and well-developed communication style, both written and spoken, that establishes credibility and facilitates a clear understanding of SOX issues and influence change where appropriate. Possess well developed project management skills with the focus on timely completion of tasks and ability to identify and assess a changing array of risks. Proficient computer skills including applications within the Microsoft Office suite, including MS Word, Excel, Visio, and related MS Office applications. Ability to learn new or unfamiliar software applications through research, training, and self-instruction Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills internal Audit SOX Controls compliance Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Franklin Templeton International Franklin Templeton Investments is a top global investment management organization committed to offering high quality products and providing outstanding service to our customers. We are one of the largest financial services groups in the world based at San Mateo, California USA. We as a group have US$ 647.0 billion in assets under management globally (as of November 30, 2007). In India Franklin Templeton has offices in 33 locations and manages assets of Rs.32041.84 crores for over 24 lakh investors as of October 31, 2007.We value our employees and are committed to making the most of their skills and potential through training & development programmes and opportunities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details