TITLE: IT Product Manager - Integration

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position : IT Product Manager - Integration Experience : 5-10 years Location : Hyderabad Our client is seeking for - IT Product Manager - Integrations- to join the Hyderabad office working with smart and fast growing Product Management team. We are looking for a stellar product manager for the position to manage our enterprise integration & interfaces strategy. Ideal candidate has a strong understanding of API management, interfacing patterns, and cutting-edge technologies. This is an excellent opportunity for a knowledgeable and driven candidate to shape product strategy and execute on organizational vision that directly impacts the company top line and expansion strategy. It requires a self-starter capable of becoming thoroughly versed in the current initiatives, system capabilities, integration technologies like MuleSoft, Oracle Fusion, Camel, Fuse, WSO2 and become part of the growth story. Job Functions - Developing and executing a unified integration/interfacing strategy and framework across all the existing products. - Creating roadmaps to address gaps in solution integration patterns and capabilities, and move the architecture to boost cross-sells of existing products. - Understand the challenges of A2A and B2B integrations, internally and externally, as required to meet the business requirements of the organization. - The Product Manager will be an evangelist and change agent for unifying integration approach across the organization and coordinating the efforts of multiple teams to achieve the company growth. - The Product Manager will analyze market problems and understand how to use those to build successful products and features and shape a product roadmap. - Developing thoughtful and complete requirements for major feature groups across the investment lifecycle. - The candidate should expect to operate as an Agile Product Owner. - The candidate will mentor and lead Associate Product Managers and Business Analysts. - Assist in the recruitment and growth of the India Product Management team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Product Management Product Strategy Enterprise Integration Solution Integration Oracle Fusion IT Product Manager Integration MuleSoft Camel Fuse ESB WSO2 Flowgear Jitterbit Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Experience:- B.E./B.Tech . Good to have: M.Tech, MSDesirable: MBA from respected college/university with strong academic record.- 5+ years of integration experience at large enterprises with multiple end points.Desirable: 2+ years of experience in Product Management- Should be well versed with integration architecture styles, patterns, and trade-off analysis.- Experience building packaged integrations and integration frameworks.- Experience with a variety of commercial and open source integration tools with supporting real-world examples. Desirable: Familiarity with platforms such as MuleSoft, Camel, Oracle Fusion, Fuse ESB, WSO2, Flowgear, Jitterbit.- Experience working with third party software companies to coordinate technical roadmaps is a plus.- Demonstrated - big picture- thinking - the ability to see how parts interact across all products while retaining the ability to focus on integration capabilities.- Proven Product Management record of accomplishment, working with multiple teams (Development, Product Support, Services, Sales, and Quality Assurance) to deliver products to multiple stakeholders (Clients, Sales); experience in Agile method a plus.- Agile Product Owner certificate and Pragmatic Marketing training desirable- Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills to be able to effectively communicate with all audiences, including the executive team; well organized and possess a strict attention to detail- High level of integrity and sensitivity to confidential information. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Selectigence HR Solutions Leading client of Selectigence HR Solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details