TITLE: Immediate Opening - Mysql Lead - Callhealth - Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Proficient in MySQL database administration. Experience with MySQL database design, implementation,performance tuning, and capacity planning. Good team player with strong analytical, communication, andtroubleshooting skills. Able to work under pressure and multi-tasking capabilities. Pro-active, dedicated, committed and responsible. Experience in developing and optimizing database design for new applications Experiencing in troubleshooting database issues, maintaining database systems availability and scalability. Need to be able to work as a database programmer/ administrator from time to time. Experience with STAR schema concepts is a MUST have. Managing large scale database system is a plus. Strong programming, problem solving and analytical skills with expertise in MYSQL. Ability to learn quickly and independently, strong team player. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Assisted in designing, capacity planning, and security and accessibility functions of databases. Implemented procedures for performance optimization and development of database applications. Supported MYSQL queries and databases by updating and tuning in proper manner. Suggested tools and processes for identification and management of database infrastructure components. Provided technical assistance for establishment and tuning of database servers and migration processes. Formulated strategies and plans for system backup services, recovery and availability schemas. Professional and highly motivated, having over 10+ years of DBA and Development work experience in the software industry with MySQL(4.x,5,x). Experience of Database Administration, design, development, maintenance and production Support of relational databases, business applications, new server setup, MySql Server installation, upgrade, migration. Strong MySql skills but also significant general system administration skills on UNIX/HP Open VMS, Linux . Proficient writing shell scripts as well as knowledge in general systems administration tasks. Expertise with Shell Script, PHP back end, application integrations & development. Experience in the administration of Web based Internet/Intranet Client/Server multi-tire distributed application, major in database technologies in Consulting Experienced in Database Optimization And Developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Joins, Views, Cursors And SQL On Databases MySQL Experienced in designing, modeling, developing and support web based projects with responsibilities including analysis, design, development, implementation and maintenance. Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using different Utilities. Expertise in snapshot, import/export, db optimization with the help of explain plan. Expertise in database migration from MyISAM format to Innodb storage engine to increase performance and betterment of integrity constraints. Strong experience in Data modeling and their different tools like Oracle Designer, Power Designer, Erwin, MS Visio and DDT. Expert of Object oriented programming in order to write robust and re-usable code. Involved in designing, developing, testing and rolling out of complex enterprise applications to completion in terms of Database as well as frontend. With different project development model like SDLC, Agile, Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills MySQL Database Administration Oracle Designer SQL PHP Linux Unix Shell Scripting Data Modeling Database Design Server Installation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Call Health Services Pvt. Ltd. www.callhealth.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details