TITLE: Technical Analyst 4- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Principal Support Engineer, you will offer strategic technical support to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction. A primary focus is to create/ utilize automated technology and instrumentation to diagnose, document, and resolve/ avoid customer issues. You are expected to be an expert member of the technical problem solving/ problem avoidance team, routinely sought after to address extremely complex, critical customer issues. Services may be frequently provided by on- site customer visits. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. 7 years experience with Core products or eight years experience with Applications products, BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required FSCM Techno- Functional Position Role & Responsibilities: The primary purpose of this position is to manage and maintain the FSCM 9.1/ PT8.51 Applications Systems. The position focuses on PeopleSoft FSCM Applications, including Accounts Receivables Billing / Franchise Billing, General Ledger, Accounts Payables, Asset Management Projects Costing, Franchise Billing (Custom Module) , Purchasing modules. Diagnose and resolve PeopleSoft related issues to ensure the accuracy of business systems. Interact with business system users in this effort. Participate in development of system test plans and acceptance criteria. Provide PeopleSoft Application Managed services by acting as Technical Analyst in PeopleSoft HCM Modules troubleshoot issues and assist in stabilizing the applications during & post go- live phase. Clear, effective and pro- active communication with the PM, Team Members and Client Business Users. Work with the client business users to identify possible improvements in the Customized Objects / Process. We are looking for a great team player with Can- Do attitude. Experience & Skills: 9 years of Technical OR Techno- Functional hands- on experience as a consultant or analyst working PeopleSoft FSCM Applications, including Accounts Receivables Billing / Franchise Billing, General Ledger, Accounts Payables, Asset Management Projects Costing, Franchise Billing (Custom Module) , Purchasing modules. modules, experience with designing and maintaining interfaces to external systems and vendors; Should have Hands- On experience in minimum of 4 modules of PeopleSoft FSCM. A strong understanding of standard development methodologies (Systems Development Life- cycle) in both maintenance and implementation organizations; Strong skills in gathering and documenting business requirements for systems enhancements, performing fit/ gap analysis, and writing functional or technical specifications based on requirements; Proven skills in quality assurance, including creation of testing scripts and test execution; Hands- On experience in PeopleCode, PeopleTools, Application Designer, Application Engine, AWE, Component Interface, Integration Broker, SQR, Crystal reports, Java and HTML. Preference will be given to candidates with the above experience in a Retail OR University / Higher Education OR Finance/ Banking environment. The candidate should be open for relocation to either Bangalore OR Hyderabad. This is a client facing role & the candidate will have regular interactions with various client managers and business end- users. This position requires strong analytical and problem solving skills with demonstrated initiative and flexibility to meet deadlines and end user expectations. The selected candidate should have excellent communication skills including written and verbal Ability to work with diverse teams Should be willing to work hands- on and IC (Independent Contributor) role. All candidates must be able and willing to work in shifts including night shifts on a rotational basis Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details