TITLE: Immediate Opening for Project Coordinator

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary The Field Service Project Coordinator will provide operation logistics support for SmartDrive small-medium size equipment installation and deployment orders to UK, South Africa, and US customers. This includes: order management, sales order processing, warehouse coordination, product shipment and order tracking, and coordinating installation vendor work requests. Key Functions: Provide Small-medium size customer order processing/ management and installation planning Project logistic support (department metrics, scorecards and customer satisfaction surveys) Provide project logistical support to the department and Senior PMs (like a PMO office) - such as account related set-up activities, and providing customer site and fleet analysis details in order to facilitate installation planning and their execution. This will include developing PowerPoint and Excel summary details in accordance with department guidelines and assisting senior Project Managers in customer logistical project management activities. Key Duties and Responsibilities: Project Management Small-medium size accounts Ensure equipment orders are placed on time and accurate to meet customer equipment installations and repair schedules. o Net new rollouts (New subscriptions) o Customer fleet upgrade orders (SR2 to SR3) and conversion (Cell to Wi-Fi) o Existing customer Add-On orders and blanket release orders o Recertification and accessory Sales Orders o Decommission orders customer churn Helps to ensure all devices are installed on-time with minimal re-work, meeting the clients requirements and ensuring devices are functioning properly Creates installation vendor work requests consistent with contract details and planned delivery schedules, with accurate lead time Project Operational Logistics Support Equipment installation pre-planning support - Analyze vehicle lists and shipping and install locations and create Power Point and Excel fleet detail reports and summaries Create installation site maps Perform cellular carrier coverage checks Department Performance Metrics, KPIs and project & customer scorecards Administer FS customer satisfaction surveys (PBET, installs and service repairs) Self-Install Customer QA monitoring (post Install) Maintain Salesforce project records: o key data field audits and update information fields o Update Salesforce contacts Education / Knowledge / Skills / Experience Post Graduate (MBA) or Graduate degree in Operations from Tier 2/Tier3 college 1-2 years customer service or technical support experience supporting UK and/or US customers Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated organizational skills; ability to handle multiple priorities. Strong PC skills (MS Office- Word, Excel, PowerPoint). Ability to work with internal and external teams to meet project objectives. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Project Management Field Service Customer Service Technical Support Churn Customer Satisfaction Sales Order Processing Order Management Communication Skills International Client Interaction International Process Desired Candidate Profile Education / Knowledge / Skills / Experience Post Graduate (MBA) or Graduate degree in Operations from Tier 2/Tier3 college 1-2 years customer service or technical support experience supporting UK and/or US customers Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated organizational skills; ability to handle multiple priorities. Strong PC skills (MS Office- Word, Excel, PowerPoint). Ability to work with internal and external teams to meet project objectives. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Smartdrive Systems India Pvt Ltd. SmartDrive is an innovator in driver safety. We help fleets save time and money, while saving lives. Serving customers across a variety of industries, from waste management, retail and wholesale to food distribution, transit and armoured car, SmartDrive delivers groundbreaking solutions that make it easy for fleet managers to take control-advancing driver safety. SmartDrive records comprehensive video-based data from the road, thoroughly reviews safety performance, and provides the recommendations and tools for fleet managers to easily respond and deliver savings-all through an easy-to-use managed service. Our multi-disciplinary team-consisting of hardware engineers, software engineers, safety specialists, web developers, video analysis experts and customer relationship professionals-has developed a service delivery platform like no other in the fleet safety and management industry. Together, they have created a video- and data-capture and analysis system that provides the richest, most comprehensive view and understanding of what actually happens on the road and in the cab helping fleets operate more efficiently and more safely. With headquarters in San Diego, we span the world, including offices in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India, Ukraine, and China. SmartDrive is venture funded, having raised over $75 million since 2004, and has been listed as a "Top Ranked Venture Backed Company" by the Wall Street Journal. Today, SmartDrive employs over 375 people worldwide, and has amassed the world's largest and fastest growing database of risky driving events: over 43,000,000 and counting. SmartDrive is growing fast, adding customers and employees at a rapid pace. We'd love to have you join us! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details