TITLE: Hiring Recruiting Executive - Freshers Welcome

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is a position that offers attractive remuneration and opportunity to learn and contribute to the recruiting activities. * This position is for internal hiring * Position is for company internal hiring will involve in-depth selection process covering both talent and culture fit unlike in recruiting consulting firms / agencies. * Learn while contributing to the recruiting goals and responsibilities * Sourcing of candidates through various job portals and screening the resumes and credentials for appropriateness of skills, experience and knowledge in relation to position requirements. * Conduct initial rounds of telephonic interview to check interest and suitability of candidates for required positions. * Should be good at understanding the job description and assessing candidates against the requirement. * Communicate to the candidates about the job role, the company and the benefits of working with Marvist. * Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidates recruiting. * Take responsibility for achieving superior results in a timely manner. Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,25,000 P.A. Salary based on ability and previous relevant experience Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Recruitment Screening Telephonic Sourcing Interviewing Selection Process Hiring Benefits Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Marvist Digital Marketing Marvist Digital Marketing is a premier digital marketing strategy consulting services company that has been serving the USA and UK market since 2005. In 11 years built a reputation for providing analytics and insightful consulting services in the area of digital marketing to mid-sized companies abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details