TITLE: Area Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Area Sales Manager - FMCG/Food/Edible Oil Locations: Multiple Reporting : Regional Sales Manager BACKGROUND TO THE POSITION : - Area Sales Managers carry out sales activities within a specified geography, leading a team of Sales Officers/ Field Officers/ Customer Executives (all on-roll employees), while also keeping a watch on the Distributor's Sales Representatives. The responsibilities of an ASM include strategizing, planning and ensuring that they lead, motivate, direct and review their team to meet the company's sales objectives. They take care of volume targets and category targets, manage primary (to Distributors), secondary (to Retail Outlets) and enable tertiary sales (to end Consumers through merchandising, display and on-ground visibility). Focus of the role is around Distribution/ General Trade. Key Accountabilities: - Generation of Primary, secondary sales. - Fixing the norms according to sales plan - Ensuring primary according to secondary plan build-up. - Achievements of grades in totality. - Very Strong on Developing Distribution channel ( General Trade/ Traditional Trade/ Grocery) - Strong Process knowledge of sales operations & MIS Territory Development - Achieving the coverage tgt. - Maintaining infrastructure according to turnover - Timely appointment of Distributors and their manpower, with full quality ensured - Review of finance and infrastructure Cost controls and improving cost efficiency. - Improving scheme cost effectively. - Monitoring channel payment. - Timely liquidation of old coded stock (slow-moving) - Accountable for any liability of spoil stock due to aging/ expired stock. People Development - Review, Governance and Training/ Counselling of Sales Representatives and Sales Officers - Guide and Motivate to ensure better productivity & morale - Develop skills for subordinates through on-the-job coaching in the field Reporting and Feedback - Daily sales reports in time - Feedback reports of new launch products - Immediate feedback of competitors- activity. - Presenting monthly meeting reports. Main interactions : Internal : Marketing Team, Sales Team, Regional Sales Manager, Regional Business Head, Commercial Team, Depot I/c External : Distributors, C & F Vendors, Retailers Competencies : - Customer Centricity - Execution Bias - Influencing and Selling skills - Ability to manage teams - High Entrepreneurial Drive - Good selling skills, promotion planning, trade spend management - Ability to foresee future requirements keeping in mind the changing organization needs. - Ability to do multi tasks and be comfortable with some ambiguity Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Area Sales Management Marketing General Trade Secondary Sales Regional Sales Territory Development Channel Distribution FMCG Sales Planning Retail Outlets Desired Candidate Profile Candidate's Profile : - An MBA from a Tier-1 Institute only - Having experience of working in FMCG markets as an ASM post-MBA for atleast 2 years - Very strong Demonstrated Sales & Distribution ability, must have handled a geography of minimum 6000-9000 outlets as direct distributor coverage (not including wholesale/ indirect coverage), must have managed a team of company-payroll employees in sales. (Those who do not have company employees reporting into them or only have off-roll/ third-party payroll employees as their reportees, are not eligible to apply.) - Team Handling should be atleast 5-10 onroll sales frontline for last 2yrs - From FMCG industry only & having Managerial Experience - Fluent in English & Local Language Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Pure Energy Leading client of Pure Energy Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details