TITLE: Sales Engineer I Emerging Indian Automotive Company

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you looking for a role high on growth, challenge and rewards? Are you willing to go the extra mile to achieve what it takes to stand out? Do you want to be part of a rocket-ship that is building India's next largest brand! Our client is a leading automotive company that functions in both B2B and B2C sectors. The company has received a whopping 8 million dollars in its first round of funding from some of the largest global venture capital firms. The company is founded by entrepreneurs who are veterans in the world of start-ups and have previously been involved in establishing a leading online ecommerce brand which was recently acquired by a major Indian conglomerate. The founders are alumnus from the Wharton Business School and IIT (Guwahati),they have already left their competitors behind this financial year and now are the leading company in their sector. As a Sales Engineer, you will be responsible for leading the market entry of the company in new cities. This is a highly entrepreneurial role requiring you to independently build relationships with channel partners in the territory and drive revenues from them. The other responsibilities entailing this role include: Generate sales and ensuring the closures by promoting the brand Act as a brand ambassador for new markets and sales channels Lead the company to acquire new markets in the respective region Identify business opportunities by identifying prospects and cold calling them and evaluating their positioning and new areas of demand Build relationships to generate sales on regular basis. Develop and execute on a strategic plan for the territory and document and distribute competitive information. Travel to new prospective markets to evaluate them Coordinate with other relevant departments to establish the company's foothold in a new market. Be a team player as well as be capable of leading a team as and when required. We promise you a high energy, zero BS environment with a super young & motivated team and a once in a lifetime opportunity. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,75,000 P.A. Plus Attractive Incentives Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills B2B B2C Sales Management Corporate Sales Sales Manager BD B2B Sales Business Development Retail Sales Channel Sales Institutional Sales Sales and Marketing Direct Institutional Sales sales promotion fmcg sale fmcg Distributor Sales channel Desired Candidate Profile Ability to independently acquire and grow new allianceCandidates with experience in selling to distributors and dealers, preferably from auto component companies or paint companies or manufacturingHighly presentable and polished communicatorHigh on energy and passion for learning while achieving organizational goalsShould have a streak of entrepreneurship and a vision of growth with the companyShould be a quick thinker with capability to grow the business from scratchShould have a passion for doing salesLooking for someone outside the hospitality sector Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Unnati Our client is a leading automative company that functions in both B2B and B2C sectors. The company has received a whopping 8 million dollars in its first round of funding from some of the largest global venture capital firms. The company is founded by entrepreneurs who are veterans in the world of start-ups and have previously been involved in establishing a leading online ecommerce brand which was recently acquired by a major Indian conglomerate. The founders are alumnus from the Wharton Business School and IIT (Guwahati),they have already left their competitors behind this financial year and now are the leading company in their sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details