TITLE: ES CIS Application Developer - BSA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Who We Are: The Enterprise system Team is responsible for the migration and maintenance of customer information for all lines of business (Auto/ Education, Business Banking, Card Services, Centralized Transactions Operations, Commercial Banking, Consumer Bank, Consumer Internet Group, Credit Risk, Finance, Home Lending, Investment Bank, Treasury & Securities Services, Wealth Management). This provides integration services between the consumers of Enterprise Systems Service and the service providers within JPMorgan Chase. The organization is committed to developing cutting edge technology with high quality, innovative developers. The Technology team mission and guiding principles are to deliver operational excellence by meeting or exceeding the established service levels, enforcement of change management controls and ensuring a predictable and highly stable processing environment that meets current and future business demands. Our operating model based on principles that demand leadership, teamwork, technical excellence and a desire to be a world class organization. Working in close partnership with our business and IT colleagues and be champions of customer focus, speed to market, technical excellence, integrity, respect and teamwork. What You'll Do: As an Application Developer on the Enterprise system(ES) and Development team, you'll have overall responsibilities to: Roles & Responsibilities Collects and defines business requirements in partnership and collaboration with the business Perform data analysis Collaborate closely with technical analysts and application owners as the business/ functional counterpart in solution identification and maintenance Support newly identified conceptual designs newly identified business solution options Supports the preparation of estimates Contributes in the preparation of test strategy and plans/ scripts for functional designs with QA Analysts. Supports and completes Systems/ IST/ UAT and test case coordination with the business Work with the business to design effective processes (Business Process Management) Support QA Analyst in functional test case generation and test result validation. Collaborates with Application/ Domain Owners as the Process Management counterpart in the management of services (Business Process Management) such as requests, optimizations, etc. Completes process repository/ project documentation and maintenance tasks on all processes in the work groups Coordinates work for project team members and performs mentoring role for Business analysts. Responsible for use cases, business rules and parameters Performs problem analysis for complex defects for project work or production support. Leads team and manages their work Excellent understanding of development concepts and SDLC methodologies. Strong customer focus, excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work in a rapidly changing environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills operations service wealth management development coordination data analysis commercial banking problem solving treasury lending ES CIS Application Developer - BSA Desired Candidate Profile Requirements: Excellent understanding of development concepts and SDLC methodologies. Strong customer focus, excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work in a rapidly changing environment. Understanding of object orientation and software design patterns Experience of testing at the unit, integration and system levels Experience in a Business Analyst contributor role Qualifications: Overall 10 years of experience as Business System Analyst Worked in banking Domain. Exposure to Banking industry a must Experience in SDLC process using both Waterfall and Agile method Experience in supporting rules engine like Sapiens required Experience working with technology team Must have played the role of liaison between the lines of business and the Development team. Analyzes Business Requirements to understand the business needs and to determine how their applications can best functionally fulfill those needs. Combine knowledge of what the business wants with knowledge of how the systems are built and used to create a complex functional design for a given application or for multiple applications. Ability to guide and mentor junior BSA's BS or MS in Computer Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details