TITLE: Job Opening - Wind Energy - Composite Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Composite Design Engineer and will be responsible for developing major components, including Glass-Reinforced Plastic (GRP) enclosures, of the nacelle and hub on the turbine; from concept to testing and verification of products. Develop concepts for nacelle and hub enclosures, including principles for enclosure assembly, laminate plans, structural reinforcements and design considerations for, for instance, lightning and EMC protection Ensure design meets criteria for Costs, Quality, Manufacturability and Ease of Assembly Ensure cross organizational involvement in conceptual design work Technical ownership during prototype fabrication and serial production, both at supplier and at local manufacturing facilities Technical sparring during supplier development Support to production Modelling GRP 3D models in NX is an added advantage Have an educational background as a mechanical engineer with minimum 4 years of experience within composites design, primarily from the wind turbine industry Have documented experience with GRP manufacturing and composite structural analysis. Have a thorough and structured approach to your work. Have an independent and pro-active self-starter and persistent in reaching your goals. Possess excellent English skills both orally and in writing. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills Design Engineering Mechanical Engineering Wind Energy Structural Analysis Supplier Development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Company Profile: AXISCADES Engineering Technologies Limited | To be a globally admired provider of innovative engineering solutions in a complex, futuristic world" is the vision of our new unified brand AXISCADES. We have converged to form a stronger brand, leveraging on the process, technology, and customer relationships. AXISCADES brand represents two companies, AXISCADES Engineering Technologies Ltd (A listed entity) and AXISCADES Aerospace & Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details