TITLE: Immediate Opportunity for Java Developers (4-8 Yrs)-- Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JDÂ Java Developer (SE level) Experience - 4 to 7 years Job Description: Proficient as Java and J2EE developer with fair knowledge on Design. Hands on in Core Java, JSP, spring, Hibernate Framework and SOA Web services. Exposure to one Life Cycle methodologies like SDLC/ Agile. Familiarity/Understanding of different Design Patterns. Should have good communication skills and ability to communicate with clients across globe. Exp in Onsite/Offshore model is Plus. Working Knowledge in Database. Skillset: Core Java, JSP, spring, Hibernate, iBatis, Restful web service. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills IBATIS Hibernate Spring Core Java J2Ee JSP Design Patterns Web Services SOA Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: OSI Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Company Profile : We believe opportunity is what you can be but not just a job or task. We believe in sustaining the environment that fosters innovation which eventually resulted in our success. OSI Consulting is a global provider of modern technology solutions for business Headquartered in Woodland Hills, California, OSI Consulting provides technology strategy, business solution and process optimization, and application development expertise to help our customers realize their business objectives. With specialization in Oracle Applications, Business Analytics, Systems Integration, e-Commerce and Managed Services, OSI utilizes innovative technology solutions to enable new products and channels for our customers. In addition, OSI enables greater awareness of performance metrics to make critical real-time adjustments throughout business operations. Since 1993, we have successfully helped clients around the world with business transformation, implementation of integrated enterprise solutions and managing complex systems and infrastructure. OSI has partnered with leading enterprise software companies and infrastructure providers such as Oracle, TIBCO, EMC, Amazon and Savvis. OSI is able to leverage these partner relationships to deliver high-quality, end-to-end customer solutions that are targeted to the needs of each customer, throughout the various stages of growth. Headquartered in California and Having our presence at other locations like Middle East, Canada, US,UK , Philippines and India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details