TITLE: Business Development Representative

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Business Development Representative is responsible for the development of new business opportunities through quality lead generation, active cold-calling/ prospecting, email campaigns, and related sales objectives. In addition there will be quota assigned for qualified lead generation and closing of entry level transactions. This position requires a sales-oriented individual with a strong work ethic and self-management principles. The BDR must have the ability to interact effectively with prospects, customers, internal departments and management in order to successfully achieve targeted goals. The individual will work with Regional Sales Managers that are located in the field. Essential Functions: Proactively pursue business-to-business leads through phone, email, social media, etc (75 calls per day) . Identify appropriate contacts within target companies Remain up to date on Qumu Inc. latest technology solutions and value propositions Utilize creativity and initiative in establishing rapport with prospect and obtaining pertinent information. Provide excellent communication to prospects and customers. Follow-up on leads generated by direct mail, trade shows and web site activities. Provide assistance to outside sales force - work as part of a team to meet company sales objectives Maintain accurate records by updating information within contact management system/ database. Prepare and distribute Qumu Inc. information. Prepare activity reports as required. Once a lead is identified, transition to sales team for close for on premise transactions. Close transactions that are cloud based. Strong work ethic and self-management principles. Possess a strong desire to succeed - be tenacious, persistent and goal oriented. Ability to grasp technical terminology and concepts. Ability to communicate effectively all levels of an organization. Create and develop rapport with prospects. Effective planning and organizational skills. Ability to prioritize & multi-task in a time-sensitive environment. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Outlook and Lync meetings. Excellent communication, organizational, problem solving and self-motivational skills. Results-oriented individual who can work in a team environment, as well as make independent decisions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Qumu Rimage Corporation is a manufacturer of digital archival technologies used in law enforcement, medical, surveillance, and other industries and businesses. Products include CD-R, DVD-R, and Blu-ray disc duplication and archiving systems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details