TITLE: Microsoft - Your Next Career Move

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Architect / Senior SDE / Principal SDE Microsoft is for those IT professionals and business technology professionals who want to be strategic partners to the business and be the first place to create innovative solutions using all of Microsofts products and services. Microsoft IT provides career growth opportunities, a rewarding and flexible work environment so you can better integrate professional and personal life. Inspiring whats next, Microsoft employees make global impact on thousands of customers and thousands of employees who use Microsoft software and services. Are you passionate about delivering highly-valued solutions to customers? Do you enjoy designing, developing, testing, and evolving Enterprise-level business applications that solve real world customer problems, can sustain the load of millions of transactions with excellent customer experience, and do you have the will and skill to make this happen? As a Senior IC in Microsoft, you are expected to provide critical thinking and a high degree of technical innovation and attention to detail while serving as a trusted advisor to your project team. You will need to balance many complex and competing technical priorities and be able to actively architect, design, develop, and test solutions. We need a highly talented, experienced Senior Developers / Architect who are passionate about creating and supporting next generation products and services, has great development skills, a passion for quality, and is excited to help build incredible, engineering solutions with stellar customer experiences. To be successful in this role, you must be able to do the following: Primary Responsibilities: Write clean well thought out code with an emphasis on quality, simplicity, and maintainability, along with the ability to mentor others to do the same. Consider customers perspective and experiences when designing systems. Communicate effectively and partner well with other disciplines of the project team to deliver high quality solutions from envisioning to deployment to live site availability. Drive and coach others through design reviews, code reviews, and test case reviews. Responsible for understanding and adapting to new technologies, tools, methods and processes from Microsoft and industry. Owns current and future state Architecture for the group/enterprise. Technology Evaluation and recommendation for application architecture problems. Creation and adoption of Technology Patterns and Practices. Influence the team for right architectural implementation & give future Architectural direction. Influence engineering teams choice of technology. Work with central IT organization to build better Architectural standards. Drive Architectural consolidation and simplification. Role Model Our Microsoft Values: through behaviors and actions, set an example and represent the Microsoft Values of leveraging others work and helping others to be successful. Design/Architecture: Extensive understanding and hand on experience in integration, message orientation, event driven and other Enterprise architectural patterns. Strong understanding of SOA, pros and cons and best practices. Extensive business process and UML modeling experience and ability to communicate models effectively to development team. Good understanding of Enterprise scale technologies and developing large scale out services. Ability to evaluate architectural options (complexity, performance, high-availability, scalability, durability) and make right recommendation for implementation. Understanding of information architecture and data modeling concepts Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills C# .Net ASP.Net WCF MVC Web API Design Pattern Scalability Code Review Design Review Enterprise Architecture Service Oriented Architecture Data Structure SQL WPF SDE Developer Coding Architect OOAD UML TDD Software Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft India(R & D) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details