TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this It takes courage to find out how good you can be. At Optum, we're using leading-edge technology to create the health care system of tomorrow. Â When you join us as a . Net Applications Developer, you'll become part of a team focused on innovation and change. You'll work a little harder. You'll aim a little higher. You'll expect more from yourself and others. And at the end of the day, you'll be doing a lot of good.Â Â Through a lot of inspired individuals, we are using technology to build a health care system that works better for more people in more ways than ever. We are looking to reinforce our team with people who are decisive, brilliant and built for speed -- people like you.Â As a . Net Applications Developer, you will be predominantly involved in developing business solutions by creating new and modifying existing software applications.Â You will be a primary contributor in designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting and supporting all types of applications consistent with established specifications and business requirements to deliver business value. This is more than a challenging development role. Â This is high performance technology. Are you up for the challege- Join us and start doing your life's best work. (SM) Primary Responsibilities: - Design, implement and maintain . Net applications within all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)- Develop, test, implement and maintain application software working with established processes - Communicate effectively with other engineers and QA- Establish, refine and integrate development and test environment tools and software as needed- Identify production and non-production application issuesIdentify opportunities to fine-tune and optimize applications of . Net developed projects- Provide technical support and consultation for . Net application and infrastructure questions- Serve as a mentor to less experienced developersÂ - Applies knowledge of principles and techniques to solve technical problems- Designing and developing/ coding software components including web applications, middleware and services on the following platforms: Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Angular JS, Oracle PL/ SQL.Â - Specification and management of coding, usability and quality standards. - Interpreting requirements into application designs. - Collaborating with QA and Business Analysis team members. - Evaluating and learning new technologies that would provide business value. - Ensuring the quality, architecture and accuracy of released code- Be an individual contributor as well as able to guide and mentor team members Mandatory Skill Set:- Senior Java Developer with minimum 5 years of experience in Java, J2EE technology stack. Â - Should have very good skills in core Java, J2EE, Spring and Hibernate. Â - Should be good in OOAD and make design changes.Â - Should have good understanding of Oracle database and ability to write efficient SQL queries.Â - Should have excellent communication skills.Â - Should be a very good team player.Â - Good to have knowledge and experience in Angular JSÂ - Solid Java/ JEE developer with 4+ years of relevant experience. - Should have experience in designing medium complex modules.Â - Track record of building enterprise class applications in JSF, Spring, Hibernate, JBoss, Oracle.Â - Exposure of writing PL/ SQL scripts- Experience in Agile development methodology. - Able to mentor engineers - Self-Driven, Great Problem Solver and excellent communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Senior Software Engineer Java J2EE Spring Hibernate Angular JS Oracle PL SQL. J2EE technology stack Agile Desired Candidate Profile Required Qualifications: - Minimum Education (fed from GSS)- 1+ years of full Software Development Life Cycle experience- 2+ years of experience working as a . Net developerPreferred Qualifications: - Health care industry experienceTechnology Careers with Optum.Â Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening.Â This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed.Â We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions.Â This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work. SM Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere:Â UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Â UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: UnitedHealth Group UnitedHealth Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details