TITLE: Branch Credit Manager - Hyderabad / Delhi / Mumbai / Chennai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an immediate opening at Avanse Financial Services Ltd for the position of Branch Credit Manager for following locations : This position will be reporting to Location Credit Head Hyderabad (3 positions ) / Delhi (1 position) / Mumbai (2 positions) / Jaipur (1 position)/ Chennai (1 position) Login the file File receipt Verifications File assesment Post sanction work Review MIS Training Vendor Management Audit Process Adherence Policy adherence Team Handling Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. In addition to fixed salary also eligible for Annual Performance Bonus Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Credit Officer Keyskills Credit Appraisal Credit Management Delinquency Management Quality Management Audit Compliance Cost Management Desired Candidate Profile Experience :4 - 8 yrsTechnical Competencies/ Skills :Financial Appraisal of Salaried and Self Employed loan proposalsKnowledge of Mortgage Lending BusinessBasic knowledge of BankingGood Knowledge of computer applications Personal Attributes Managerial QualitiesInitiativeProcess OrientationCustomer OrientationFormal Qualifications: CA/ MBA Finance Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Avanse Financial Services Ltd Avanse is an extract of the French word for advance. And that's what Avanse, a new age education finance company and an associate company of Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Limited (DHFL), is. We are a sensitive, advanced private finance company specializing in the niche space of education. Avanse provides financial assistance through Avanse standalone offices and also through the DHFL network offices. The Company funds students travelling to all key international advanced education destinations including US, UK, Australia etc. We take pride in the fact that the International Finance Corporation (IFC), an arm of the World Bank holds 20% equity stake in Avanse. We are a Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC), regulated by the Reserve Bank of India and envisioned with the aim to fulfil the need for education finance at reasonable terms. Every Indian youth has a right to the best in education. And lack of funds must be the last hindrance to this dream. We are dream-enablers. We are Avanse. We "Aspire Without Boundaries". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details