TITLE: Senior Manager/vp - Structured Credit - Bank

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualification : MBA,CA. Job Description : - Resolution of stressed and special situation assets which involves deep rooted understanding of the business, inherent problem identification, operational and financial restructuring, identification of potential buyers for asset or business, in part or full to resolve the problem and up gradation of asset for the Bank. - Design and implement suitable early warning triggers for flagging problem accounts. Closely monitoring of allocated portfolio of stressed assets, regular review of operational and financial performance, monthly cash flows, tracking performance of various industries which have a bearing on the respective assets etc. - Advising companies in a turnaround situation with respect to liquidity concerns, undertaking viability study, develop sustainable business plans and getting involved in the rehabilitation package. - Management of stressed assets involves interaction with top management of the restructured company, performance monitoring & bench marking, adherence to terms of restructuring - including visits to all material places of the business - to negotiate the implementation of work outs. - Handling projects which have run into problems, undertaking M&A activities, change of management, induction of strategic investor, divestments / sale of assets and investments - The role also involves working with ARCs / Special Situation Funds to identify opportunities to sell the stressed assets and optimize the eventual recovery for the Bank. - The role also involves close co-ordination with the legal team for the limited cases which may involve litigation. Interact with advocates for filing recovery suits, initiating action under SARFAESI Act, attending DRT, DRAT, Magistrate Court, Session Court, etc. - If required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Credit Risk Keyskills Legal Finance Accounting Performance Monitoring Financial Restructuring Project Handling Structured Credit Asset Management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Vrinda Consulting Vrinda Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details