TITLE: Mainframe & Java Consultants Drive in Hyderabad_sat 19-nov-16

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hello All, We are conducting a Scheduled Mega Drive for Below Skills - 1. Mainframe Developers / Leads / Architects:- Permanent positionÂ Primary Skills:COBOL,JCL,CICS,DB2 or IMS Experience- 4 to 12 Years 2. Java Developers / Leads/ Consultants:- Permanent PositionÂ Primary Skills: JAVA/J2EE, Spring and hibernate Experience. 5 to 12 Years Interview Details: Time: 9 am to 2 pm. Please send your updated resume ASAP to Shanoo.sinha@mphasis.com Contact Person :- Shanoo Sinha - 7276777277 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills Java JCL Db2 Spring Hibernate J2Ee Cics Cobol IMS Primary Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Mphasis Limited Mphasis is a leading IT solutions provider, offering Applications, Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) and Infrastructure services globally through a combination of technology knowhow, domain and process expertise. Mphasis Limited (then, Mphasis BFL Limited) was formed in June 2000 after the merger of the US-based IT consulting company Mphasis Corporation (founded in 1998) and the Indian IT services company BFL Software Limited (founded in 1993). Over the years we have left an indelible impression in the IT solutions domain with an impressive clientele and an extensive global presence. The accolades we have been garnering can be attributed to our undeterred focus in delivering quality solutions across verticals that meet the challenging requirements of our esteemed customers. Our integrated solutions offering is aimed at creating value for our customers, helping them in improving their business processes with minimum hassles and capital outlays. The perfect blend of technical excellence, business performance monitoring, business intelligence and customer experience management is what makes us endearing to our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details