TITLE: Software Engineer 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements :Flex Time PLM/ ARAS Software Engineer Microsoft IT helps designs, builds and runs Microsofts global end -to -end Design Engineering and Pre -production processes for high -tech devices and software services, including Xbox, Surface, Lumia Smartphones, Windows and Office and Server Infrastructure; Our global teams responsibilities encompass the full spectrum of Solutions enabling Design, Develop, Validate and Commercialize Microsoft Devices. ITs MSCIT group drives a unified enterprise -wide Product Life -cycle Management, solution for all of the Devices Engineering teams in Microsoft. We have a challenging opportunity for you to join a vigorous, rapidly -growing, successful organization committed to diversity and continuous improvement. We do what we say, when we say. We work hard and have fun! Roles/ Responsibilities The Role: Software Engineer We are looking for an experienced software engineer who is passionate about solving large business optimization problems at scale and developing a new class of services, with a deep understanding of our customer expectations. If you are comfortable working in a start -up/ v1 effort, motivated by solving hard business process problems with technology in service of our customers in a continuous learning environment with a fail -fast approach, then we'd love to hear from you! Plan and articulate cross group technical solutions for complex programs for the function by identifying resource requirements, preparing program roadmaps, proactively managing program risks and issues, managing end user expectations and ensuring that scope is built for success in achieving world class enterprise solutions. Responsibilities: * Develop complete architecture for responsible feature areas in PLM * Identify risks and dependencies in schedule for feature areas and provide mitigation plans * Provide technical leadership; code review, design review, drive process improvement, help team maintain high code quality * Work with Product Owner to understand requirements and implement accordingly * Work effectively in an Agile environment following and practicing Scrum processes BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 8 years of IT/ Engineering experience operating in a complex delivery environment Proven expertise on delivering end -to -end supply chain services Demonstrated ability to solve diverse operational and business problems, negotiate, and effectively articulate rationale and vision behind technical decisions that support the business. Experience with shipping multiple full project release as Project/ Program Manager, from release inception through post go live support Excellent project management skills and extensive IT project management experience with complex projects, with a track record of successful launches on time and within budget Candidates should have expertise in several of the following areas. * Primary functional experience in PLM/ PDM, Design Development and Implementation in Aras Innovator or Siemens Teamcenter or Dassault Systems Enovia solutions. * Secondary functional experience in SAP * Technical Background: C , C#, .Net, XML, AML, MS Office, MS Development tools, VSO, VSTF, SQL Server, IIS, SSIS, SSRS, Azure, SOA, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS and other related technologies * Programming experience with JavaScript, Node.js, Socket.io is a plus * Experience working in a cloud infrastructure is a plus; i.e. Windows Azure, Amazon Web Services * Program Management Background - Managing mid to large scale, multi -million dollar projects, processes, service, and technology decisions. Agile methods including SAFE, Scrum and Lean. * Strong understanding of software architecture, Microsoft enterprise products, and experience with IT infrastructure. * Successful, productive cross -cultural teamwork and communications * Highly effective interpersonal skills; exec -level written and verbal communication skills; exemplary organizational habits; leadership -level facilitation and negotiation * Must be willing to travel internationally PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience in Product Lifecycle Management, Product Data Management Platform Solutions Design Engineering and Development Experience working with industrial grade, high velocity application services and system integrations Experience working with Microsoft Project, Visual Studio Team Foundation Services Experience working Using Agile based Scrum Methodologies Ability and willingness to work in a team environment and report daily, weekly, and monthly status High degree of professionalism, especially when faced with critical and intense situations BS degree in Computer Science, Management and Information Services, Engineering or related field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Python Six Sigma PMP .NET HTML JavaScript SQL Oracle assembly language Real Time Operating Systems Software Engineer 2 Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft India Development Center is one of Microsofts largest R&D centers outside the Redmond headquarters. Set up in Hyderabad in 1998, we represent Microsofts strategy of globally shared development to build products and services. Some of Indias most talented people work at our locations in Bangalore, Delhi, Hyderabad and Pune, within any of Microsofts three engineering groups Applications and Services, Cloud and Enterprise, and Windows and Devices. Irrespective of geography or team, every employee is committed to realizing Microsofts mission of empowering every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. Specifically, in India, we are contributing to building technology to empower emerging markets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details