TITLE: Senior Software Engineer/ Tech Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Wavity Private Limited Â (Previous it was Ziontech Solutions(Product Based Company )) Â is hiring Java Professionals for Hyderabad location. Key Skills :Â Java, J2EE, Restful Webservices( Jersey ), Shell scripting , Linux Environment (Preferrable ), ORM framework , JPA, Json, Git, Gradle , Leadership Skills.Â Years of Exp : 6 - 12yrs Job Location : Hyderabad Education : B.E./B.Tech or M.Tech or MCA Top Reasons to Work with Us: - Exciting/Revolutionary product - Growing company - Amazing team and culture Job Description - Solid understanding of object-oriented programming concepts - Experience in core java and advanced java. - Experience in ORM frameworks like hibernate or eclipse-link. - Experience in RESTFUL web services - Familiar with various design and architectural patterns - Familiarity with concepts of MVC, JDBC, and RESTful. - Experience in developing web application using any of the J2EE framework. - Should be able to write clean, readable and reusable Java code - Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes - Should be able to write unit test cases using junit or testing. - Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git - Familiarity with build tools such as Ant, Maven, or Gradle. - Should have strong debugging skills. - Should have experience in deploying and maintaining web applications in tomcat server. -Should have experience in leading small/medium team. -Sound knowledge in understand the requirements and interpretation of those requirements. -Should posses knowledge in any of SDLC methodologies. -Should have an experience in Code review. Technologies - Core java, Advanced java, J2EE, - Restful Web services. - Hibernate or eclipse link or top link. - Any of the MVC framework. H1b Opportunity : Whose performance exceeds exceptions ,CEO is ready to provide Company sponsored H1b Visa (Ziontech does have a US placements cell as well ). Salary: Best in Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Restfull Shell scripting Linux environment ORM Git Gradle Hibernate Eclipse unix shell scripting core java struts mvc model view controller Desired Candidate Profile Experience : 6 - 12 yrsEducation : B.E/B.Tech or M.Tech or MCAGood Communication SkillsÂ For Tech Lead:Should have experience in Handling TeamShould involve into developmentÂ Should work as a individual contributorÂ Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Company Profile: Wavity Private Limited ( Previous it was Ziontech Limited ) We are Product Development Company.Two major changes are taking place in the Global Economy. One is that every single business - from Mom and Pop stores to SMBs (Small and Medium Businesses) to Enterprises - are in the process of transitioning to Digital Enterprises. The other major change is that workforces are changing and the manner in which work gets done is also changing. The future Digital Enterprise is going to be one where a majority - if not 100% - of a comapny's interactions with all of its constituencies - Employees, Customers, Vendors, Partners and Contractors - will be served from/will happen in the Cloud. In addition, the nature of the workforce is going to change to reflect a workforce that is globally dispersed, works part-time or flex-time and wants to get the work done at a time and on a device of their choosing. There are broad Cultural and Technological impacts associated with the above two trends. Wavity is a company that is focused on addressing the Technological implications of these changes, which are already under way. In a nutshell, Wavity's charter is to enable the transition to the Digital Enterprise. Companies have a lot invested in supporting traditional workforces (full time employees and contractors working from a home or office location) and in non-Cloud Infrastructure and Applications. Wavity is committed to enabling companies' recoup the investments in their current IT (Information Technology) Infrastructure while at the same time enabling the transition to the Digital Enterprise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details