TITLE: Career Consultant

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: 1) Ensure all leads are managed according to the Company sales management processes and procedures. 2) Sell individual cases and perform the necessary checks to ensure full client eligibility. 3) Dealing with client enquiries effectively ensure maximum conversion. 4) Delivery of outstanding client service. 5) Ensure that all service levels agreed with the client achieved and improved upon where possible 6) Develop a solid understanding of all aspects of the services provided by company, ensuring that you are able to complete all tasks effectively 7) Achieve and exceed daily, monthly and quarterly targets set by management. 8) Look for opportunities to further support your clients through our services and Keep a good relationship that will result in referrals. 9) Always considers the best interests of the company and the customer 10) Is able to suggest improvements and best practice, and is proactive in identifying opportunities for service and process improvements and cost savings. 11) Takes personal pride in their work and appearance and is flexible and committed to providing excellent customer service. 12) Adheres to all policies and procedures as set out in the company. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 2,00,000 P.A. +incentives best in the Industry Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills Sales Management Dealing Customer Service Client Servicing relationship management business development client servicing executive Desired Candidate Profile Candidate Preference:1) Customer Focused 2) Min Knowledge on Sales 3) Self Motivated 4) Well Presented 5) Computer Literate6) Quick Leaner7) Team Player Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Zentora Overseas Careers Private Limited Zentora was conceptualized, created and has commenced with the sole premise to assist the aspirants who dream of settling abroad to realize their 'Migration Dreams' .The Team at Zentora comprises of professionals with in-depth expertise and vast experience having provided total comprehensive and complete end-to-end immigration solutions to thousands of immigration aspirants successfully, over a decade. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details