TITLE: Lead Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Come join and lead a team of strong developers who are have relentlessly improved Local Search and bridged the gap with the market leader. If you are results driven and you like ambitious goals, this is the place to be. The team has grown significantly in the last 4 years, attracting strong talent both internally and externally. Ever since the team was founded, every release has resulted in added scope and responsibility. With the developers who are strong at traditional software engineering and Machine learning/ Math skills, team s contributions are on a upward trajectory. We are looking for a strong Engineering manager, who can guide the developers through areas like crunching large scale data, pushing the limits of training techniques, feature engineering etc. You will be expected to take on some of the complex areas and drive the project from conception to end. This may involve coming up with creative ideas, collaborating with partner teams and MSR, working out details during the execution and deployment stages. We are looking for experienced manager who is interested in data sciences and ML field and can start contributing in the areas of Local relevance. Job Responsibilities will include leading a team of 8- 12 folks with following charter: 1. Building Query Classification techniques to identify Local Intent in queries. 2. Training components to trigger Local Answer in Bing SERP for queries with high quality results. 3. Improve Ranking of Bing Local results. 4. Data Analysis to identify gaps in the system and potential solutions to overcome those. 5. Work with various partner teams to align with rest of the components in the Bing Answers and relevance stack. Job Qualifications 1. B.S or M.S in Computer Science or Math 2. Strong Analytical & Problem Solving skills 3. 8 years of experience in Software Development 4. Goals Oriented 6. Good communication skills 7. Passion, Drive and Can- do attitude 8. Exposure to Data Sciences Experience in Search or Math/ Machine Learning background would be a huge plus. If you are looking for a competitive environment with opportunity to work on cutting edge technologies using state of art algorithms and machine learning techniques, we are the place to be. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. STCI Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills software development microsoft algorithms data analysis machine learning classificationregulations local Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details