TITLE: Microsoft Dynamics Axapta Administrator - 3-8years- Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: Consultant/ Sr.Consultant/ Specialist Location: Hyderabad Experience 3-8 Years over all Experience of at least 1-2 years & must have Microsoft Dynamics Axapta Administration experience. Role Description: Support on various projects with Infra and AX administration. Required Skills: Axapta/ Dynamics CRM infra, Admin VM Ware, SQL, Data Migration, Networking. Server maintenance Must have excellent communication skills. Joining Time: At the earliest Please mail me your resume at the earliest, if interested. rbabu@hitachi-solutions.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hitachi Solutions India Pvt Ltd Hitachi Solutions is a leader in providing industry solutions based on Microsoft Dynamics AX and Microsoft Dynamics CRM. Hitachi Solutions provides its customers with industry focus, software industry domain expertise, and proven tier-1 people. Hitachi Solutions works with its customers to understand their unique formula for success and develops solutions that improve their business and attain measurable results.2011, 2009, 2006 & 2005 Microsoft Dynamics Partner of the Year (Finalist 2008, 2007).Microsoft Global Dynamics Award (Global Dynamics Partner of the year) 2014.Hitachi Solutions, Ltd., head quartered in Tokyo, Japan, is a core member of Information & Telecommunication Systems Company of Hitachi Group and a recognized leader in delivering proven business and IT strategies and solutions to companies across many industries. The company provides value-driven services throughout the IT life cycle from systems planning to systems integration, operation and maintenance. Hitachi Solutions delivers products and services of superior value to customers worldwide through key subsidiaries in the United States, Europe, China and India. The flagship company in the Hitachi Group's information and communication system solutions business, Hitachi Solutions also offers solutions for social innovation such as smart cities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details