TITLE: Dell Hiring for Techsupport - Immediate/ Notice Period-walkins ONLY

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Responsible for providing diagnostic technical support related to installation, operation, configuration, customization, performance, and usage of assigned products Diagnosis & resolving of the hardware problems and troubleshooting.. Verifies warranty entitlement and determines appropriate action. Applies diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes and recommend solutions to correct failures. Documents problems in the support solution database for diagnostics and solution implementation. Provides basic remote deployment, maintenance and consulting services. Candidate Requirement: Should be open to work in rotational / night shifts in a 24 by 7 environment. Should have an excellent communication skills. Both side transport facility available. Educational Qualification: Graduate(any stream) can apply 10+2 with at least 12 months of International calling experience or 24 months of Domestic experience Interview Timings: 11:00 AM to 2:00 PM How to Apply: Interested candidates can walk In with an updated copy of resume, 1 photograph and any photo id proof at below mentioned address: Interview Venue: Dell International Services Hitech city, Behind Cyber Gateways. POC-Akhila Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Hardware Technical Support trouble shooting helpdesk service desk bpo international voice TSR inbound Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details