TITLE: Service Engineer 2

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Service Engineer Vulnerability Management Do you love security, and the thrill of challenging yourself with new unknowns every day Do you have the learner mindset, are willing to un- learn old skills and learn new ones every day Do you get excited about making an impact across the entire company through a role that provides incredible opportunities for learning and growth Do you want to work in a fun and challenging area with passionate and creative people dedicated to improving security If yes, this job is for you! Information Security and Risk Management (ISRM) , an organization led by Microsoft s Chief Information Security Officer, enables Microsoft to deliver the most tred devices and services. ISRM s vision is to ensure all information and services are protected, secured, and available for appropriate use through innovation and a rob risk framework. This role is a part of our Security Operations team tasked with engineering and operating controls and solutions that protect our environments. This role requires deep technical knowledge of Windows, Networking and Security services as well as integration of multiple technologies to solve complex business problems. The ideal candidate should be able to deal with ambiguity, have the technical breadth to find negotiated solutions in complex and high pressure situations. Key responsibilities: - Engineer and operate innovative enterprise- scale Vulnerability Management solution - Support vulnerability remediation, incident triage and response efforts - Engineer systems to collect, analyze scan reports and report security metrics - Identify and implement service improvements that will streamline the service to improve end- user experiences and lower operating costs - Collaborate with other service teams to address requirements and solve problems - Communicate on a deeply technical level with product engineering teams to improve the product - Develop procedures and documentation to ensure the reliability, integrity, efficiency, and efficacy of the system Skill requirement: - Strong system administration skills on Windows - Strong experience working with SQL backed database systems with demonstrated competency to write and interpret complex sql queries - Good experience with system administration and automation scripting languages such as PowerShell - Strong knowledge of Vulnerability Management and information security domain - Good understanding of TCP- IP networking and network devices - Good understanding of Active Directory - Good understanding of vulnerability management tools such as Qualys - Knowledge of a cloud computing environment such as Microsoft Azure would be an advantage - Knowledge of Linux would be an advantage - Demonstrated skill in troubleshooting - ability to provide resolution and/ or workarounds to complex technical problems - Ability to think analytically and understand dependencies in connected systems - M have passion for solving operational problems using technology - Excellent written and oral communication skills Qualifications: - 6 years of work experience in relevant domain - BE/ BTech in Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology or a related field or equivalent experience is preferred - Security certifications such as CISSP preferred Given the fast pace of change in the cloud/ mobile world, you should have a proven ability, as well as a passion, for leading in an uncertain, ambiguous and fast changing world. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills linux windows automation microsoft btech information security system administration Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details