TITLE: Business Manager - K12

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary: The Learning Solutions Business Manager will meet or exceed sales objectives of the assigned territory by promoting and selling the Learning Solutions product suites through professional solution sales techniques and building strong customer relationships. Key Deliverables & Attributes: Meet and exceed the sales revenue goals assigned for the various accounts in the region as assigned by the Regional Manager. Build and nurture relationships with Customers in the Region. Keep abreast of happenings in the market. Provide prompt feedback on market trends and competition Conduct pre-sales product demonstrations Co-ordinate with technical support for installations and ensure that installation requirements are met with. Co-ordinate for all post sales technical support Prepare and forward on timely basis the right MIS on sales achieved & future forecasts Ensure delivery of all updated information on product usage, maintenance and new releases to Customers Provide feedback on Customer observations on products and services Demonstrate a thorough knowledge of the assigned product range, pricing details and competitor information Additional Responsibilities: Possessing an understanding of technology and solution sales methodologies Being well informed about current industry trends and have an ability to talk intelligently about corporate learning and the education industry. Professional Qualifications: Minimum 3 years of sales experience in IT or solution software sales industries Proven success prospecting, building a pipeline, moving opportunities through the sales cycle; proposing, presenting and discussing solutions with C-level and other decision-makers Successful achievement of sales quotas using consultative enterprise/solution selling techniques. Ability to craft a solution with appropriate products and services that meets business goals based on client discussions and manage a pipeline of 50+ accounts at any given time. Extremely high energy and stamina to perform consistently at a high level in a very demanding environment. Preferences: Software selling / Solution selling/ concept selling/ consultative selling experience preferred. ERP sales also preferred Should be able to work independently, with minimal supervision Excellent communication and presentation skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Software Sales ERP Sales Solution Sales Presales Regional Management Concept Selling Solution Selling Education Industry Business Management Post Sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization Company Profile: Edutech India Private Limited Edutech is a leading provider of learning solutions and services for academic institutions, companies and governments. Our team prides itself to be "Learning Specialists" who assist in making learning innovative, easy, fast and fun. Leveraging our deep industry, technology and product expertise, we help people learn the skills necessary to succeed in today's competitive multicultural and international business environment. We enable our customers to improve their performance and meet their learning objectives. Since its establishment in 1991, Edutech has grown into a global corporation with operations around the world. Today, the company offers an entire gamut of learning solutions and services seeking to enhance learning in classrooms libraries, corporate and industrial training centers and school, college and vocational laboratories. Our R&D team comprises specialists in learning pedagogy, implementation methodology, emerging technologies and curriculum design. Our team continuously scans the market for trends, needs and opportunities to formulate thought leadership and evolve new generation learning solutions. We work closely with our partners to create product and service solutions that enhance customer performance to create an environment that fosters a community of continuous learning and improved learning outcomes. Specialties STEM Solutions, Engineering Lab Solutions, Math Lab, Science Lab, K12 Curriculum Development, LEGO Education, Language Solutions, Campus Management Solutions, Custom Content Development, Corporate Training Solutions, Assessment Services Website http://www.edutech.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details