TITLE: Mainframe Technology- Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mainframe

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned : - &bull; Providing support for Client Sales pursuits. &bull; Defining Entries, Tables in CICS region. &bull; Running DB2 Utilities. &bull; Supporting a mainframe production communications with very little assistance. &bull; Prioritizing and allocating resources based on project needs and deliver quality deliverables. &bull; Ensuring process, security, regulatory and audit requirements are met. &bull; Analyzing document, controlling and supporting changes to the automation tool (CA- OPSMVS) on the monitored mainframes. Configuration includes the customization of automation scripts. &bull; Customize code as required on implemented tools. &bull; Generating regular reports of mainframe automation data for client use. &bull; Implementation and customization of standard and non- standard tools and processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mainframe Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills mainframe development db2 cobol automation jcl cics configuration agile coding Desired Candidate Profile &bull; Should have expert knowledge on Mainframe skills - COBOL, JCL, DB2 or IMS, CICS &bull; Should have minimum 4 yrs of work experience in development/ enhancement projects with extensive hands on all the phases including requirements gathering, design, coding, testing and warranty support. &bull; Should have banking domain/ Insurance domain knowledge. &bull; Agile experience would be preferred and scrum certification would be added advantage. &bull; Must possess excellent communication skills. &bull; Should have knowledge of SMP/ E to install the patches. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Mphasis Limited Grow and Win with MphasiS MphasiS consistently delivers Applications services, Infrastructure services, and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services globally through a combination of technology knowhow, domain and process expertise. We are over 40,000 professionals servicing clients across Banking & Capital Markets, Insurance, Manufacturing, Communications, Media & Entertainment, Healthcare & Life Sciences, Transportation & Logistics, Retail & Consumer Packaged goods, Energy & Utilities, and to Governments around the world. Our Differentiators A company driven by ethics and strong values Transparent working environment, flat, non-hierarchical structure and open door policy that promotes free flow of ideas, opinions, information and expertise Provides a plethora of equal growth opportunities to all Mphasians Fair recognition for performance and hard work Conducive work place with easy accessibility for those with special needs Building a better tomorrow by grooming our current leaders for the next level of leadership Attract and retain individuals exhibiting talent in every possible perspective. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details