TITLE: Medical Representatives - Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Hyderabad

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate will be responsible for Sales & Business development activities for Pharma division. Increase Market Penetration. To handle sales promotion activities. Implementation of Marketing strategies, Sales Planning and Analysis. Business Strategy Implementation. Meeting Doctors, Pharmacists, Stockists. Generating Prescriptions to achieve expected sales targets. Weekly goal setting for each product and each doctor, study market trend and competitors products to understand their influence on customers in order to ensure that goals set for each week are achieved and overall yearly sales targets are met. Meeting Pharmacy Managers and Distributors regularly to gather data regarding sales. Update Sales & Doctor, Chemist & Stockist calls data with online Mobile Reporting. Meeting Retailers frequently to know the status of the products. Minimum 1 year experience in pharma selling is preferred. B.Pharm / Graduate (any specialization) Freshers can also apply. Salary: Daily Working Allowance + Incentive as applicable. Salary not a constraint for the right candidate. Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Medical Representative Keyskills MEDICAL REPRESENTATIVE MEDICAL REP M.R. MR PHARMA MARKETING PHARMA SALES. FSO FIELD SALES OFFICER PSR PROFESSIONAL SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE TERRITORY MANAGER TERRITORY SALES MANAGER Desired Candidate Profile Candidate will be responsible for Sales & Business development activities for Pharma division.Increase Market Penetration. To handle sales promotion activities. Implementation of Marketing strategies, Sales Planning and Analysis.Business Strategy Implementation.Meeting Doctors, Pharmacists, Stockists.Generating Prescriptions to achieve expected sales targets.Weekly goal setting for each product and each doctor, study market trend and competitors products to understand their influence on customers in order to ensure that goals set for each week are achieved and overall yearly sales targets are met.Meeting Pharmacy Managers and Distributors regularly to gather data regarding sales.Update Sales & Doctor, Chemist & Stockist calls data with online Mobile Reporting.Meeting Retailers frequently to know the status of the products.Minimum 1 year experience in pharma selling is preferred.B.Pharm / Graduate (any specialization) Freshers can also apply. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Inga Laboratories P. Ltd. Inga Laboratories P. Ltd., a research based pharmaceutical organisation, was established in 1974 & has the privilege of having Thirty Two Brands in latest Martindale 38th Edition. The Company's activities are focused to the development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical formulations at affordable prices. Inga Laboratories P.Ltd. manufactures galenical forms such as tablets, capsules, liquid orals, injectables and beta lactum formulations in compliance with the latest current Good Manufacturing Practices & WHO Certification. Inga has established a number of its brands in specialty segments such as anti-migraine, anti-gout, Gynaecology and Dermatology, internationally. Inga has also collaborated with a number of MNCs for the contract manufacture of pharmaceutical dosage forms at its manufacturing facilities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details