TITLE: Software Dev Senior Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dell Commerce Service Group (DCSG) builds and operates a global Commerce Platform that powers Dell.com, whichreceives over 1 billion page views per year, across 150 countries and isGoogle d more than 1 million times per day. DCSG provides its customers acohesive branded experience across Consumer, Premier, Solutions, eSupport andOffline Sales. Dell.com is extending the reach of its Commerce Platform tocommand an extensive variety of applications and solutions that are central tothe growth of Dell as a technology and solutions company. We are looking for senior candidates who have a strong background in servicesdevelopment for online commerce, with proven abilities to innovate and be creative.Highly motivated, goal- oriented individuals who will be responsible forbuilding software solutions to meet our business needs. Ideal candidates willhave extensive experience with C#, ASP MVC .Net Framework includingobject- oriented programming, HTML/ CSS/ JavaScript, and experience in largemulti- national corporations. Candidates should be excellent team players, yetcapable of working independently, and will be able to manage multiple projectsat once. Candidates will work with very little direction, will be comfortableleading conference calls, and can guide web site design and user flows formultiple device types. Company Description With more than 100, 000 team membersglobally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurialspirit in which the company was founded. Dell s team members are committed toserving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1, 500 non- profitorganizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer ofchoice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach totechnology innovation and believe that technology is essential for humansuccess. Why work with us &bull; Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. &bull; When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. &bull; Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. &bull; We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. &bull; Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills service analytical api dell software development sql javascript google Desired Candidate Profile Required Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in computer science with a minimum of 8 years of software development experience, or a Graduate degree with 6 years of experience. Experience working in an Agile/ SCRUM environment Proven track record demonstrating ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Quick learner with motivation to learn new languages, technologies and frameworks (you will get opportunity to play with a lot of new technologies) Experience building customer facing applications deployed on cloud environments (AWS, Azure or similar) Experience working in building eCommerce web software Startup Experience a plus Desired Skills: Experience building public Web Services such as REST, SOAP. Expertise in most of the following Web API (MS ASP.Net) , C#, .Net Framework, Web Services, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, SOAP, REST, JQuery Software development experience with .NET and C# Experience with SQL and NoSQL Databases Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details