TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Position: Help Pega revolutionize how the world builds software applications. Pega s products have been proven in enterprise- wide, transformational deployments in the world s largest companies, and combining these products with a world- class cloud platform enables our clients to achieve business results faster and easier. As a Product Manager on the Pega Cloud team, you will differentiate Pega s cloud offering from those delivered by traditional SaaS and PaaS providers, enterprise stack vendors and smaller start- ups. You will work closely with our designers and engineers to guide features from idea to release. You will be an integral part of a larger team including Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Support, Operations, and Services. You are able to see the big picture and create actionable plans to drive the cloud platform forward at a rapid pace. You will help us drive our vision for the future. In this role, you will: Act as Product Owner throughout Pega s Scrum process and maintain Pega Cloud product backlogs. Translate market needs, customer requests, and corporate goals into clearly defined project requirements and functional specifications. Present product strategy, future direction, and currently available features to customers, partners, industry analysts, and other areas of the organization via speaking engagements, webinars, and customer visits. Evaluate competitive market offerings and deliver on product differentiation, positioning, and communications. Team with Pega product teams to optimize their products for delivery as a service via Pega Cloud services. Research innovative approaches to solving problems while keeping up to date on technology developments. Liaise with the Sales, Service, Support, Marketing, Product Development and Product Management departments to ensure all steps of the process are successfully completed. Pega Offers: * A rapidly growing yet well- established business * The world s most innovative organizations as reference- able clients * Analyst acclaimed technology leadership in a massive emerging market * The opportunity to make a significant impact in a fast growing and innovative product team in a cutting edge market space Qualifications will include: * B.E/ B.Tech or equivalent * Experience working with and expertise in AWS cloud services * Minimum 10- 18 years experience in software or support services, with a minimum of 3 years in a product management or technical leadership role (Engineering/ Product Development Management, Technical Architect, Technical Project Lead) * Knowledge of Agile development methodologies such as SCRUM * Expert level knowledge of PaaS & SaaS offerings and market expectations * Extensive experience defining, designing and delivering highly saleable and differentiated Cloud systems, preferably to large- scale business applications (Global 2000) enterprises Additional Preferred Qualifications: * Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to clearly explain complex business and technical topics to both technical and non- technical resources * Strong experience in assessing and managing project risk, and driving tactical objectives in an assertive, fast- growing, dynamic cloud organization * Ability to achieve Pega 7 Certification within 6 months of joining Pega * Demonstrated ability to communicate successfully to both internal and external customers, including senior executives and market influencers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills product development operation s pega scrum product management paas support services positioning marketing support market Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Pegasystems Worldwide India Pvt. Ltd. Pega has focused in building depth in BPM over 25 years now and have unparalleled depth and IP within the BPM domain - in BPM since one has to conceptually capture the whole work flow (enterprise) makes it most challenging and interesting solution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details