TITLE: Scientist- Formulation Development (agrochemicals)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Client is an is a global manufacturer & distributer of pesticides, insecticides, looking for an suitable applicants for their Scientist- Formulation Development role at Hyderabad. JOB DESCRIPTION Sound knowledge of chemistry and formulation of agrochemicals, colloid science, surface chemistry and physical chemistry aspects that governs the stability of formulations. Hand on experience of developing conventional and cotemporary formulations related to agrochemicals, following safe operating procedure; Have a thorough understanding of the concepts, practices and procedures required for agrochemicals formulation development. Can work independently on routine formulation development, formulation analysis and can receive direction/ supervision on innovative/ complex formulation developments. Have the ability of prioritize and manage multiple assignments. Keen to update the knowledge on new areas and eager to achieve innovative solutions. Have exposure to formulation upscaling. Have experience of conducting shelf life and container compatibility studies for formulations as per national and international guidelines. Experience of operation and maintenance and calibration of various formulation Equipments/ instruments. Assisting existing formulation team in conducting pilot scale and commercialization trials. Train the junior members and guide in formulation developments. Conversant with literature search, project documentation, recording, analyzing, interpreting and reporting the experimental outcome. Ability to work in a team. KEY REQUIREMENTS: EDUCATION: M.Sc. in Agricultural Chemicals/ Pesticide and Agrochemical/ Physical chemistry/ Industrial chemistry/ M. Tech in surfactant chemistry. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Fertilizers / Pesticides Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Formulation Scientist Keyskills Formulation Development agrochemicals insecticides fungicides crop prtection WG EC Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Company Profile: CONFIDENTIAL CONFIDENTIAL Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details