TITLE: Premier Field Engineer (pfe)

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: The purpose of the Premier Field Engineer (PFE) position is to provide Microsoft comers with reliable technical solutions to the complex integration problems associated with business solutions built on the Microsoft platform. The PFE Team supports a diverse variety of technical solutions built with Microsoft technology and products. The position requires you to go onsite to a comer location and help Microsoft comers with the following 1. Root cause analysis and resolution for issues encountered with MS products and solutions. 2. Deliver proactive Health Checks (HC) and advisory assistance to comer on Microsoft Products and Solutions. This involves, but is not limited to sharing MS best practices and analyzing the comer environment and setup against the best practices. 3. Deliver educate services (workshops and chalk talks) to Microsoft comers. 4. Manage critical comer escalations by maintaining clearly documented action plans, clear and consistent communication and documentation. 5. Evaluate new business opportunities within comer organizations. Candidate Profile: Candidates m have exceptional comer service, problem solving, and communication skills, and the ability to work in a team environment. M have sufficient technical depth to communicate with product groups and other internal organizations at a peer level as well as convey technical concepts to non- technical individuals. M possess the ability to work with minimal supervision and operate as a self- contained business unit within the PFE team. M have the ability to work independently and as part of a team. Educational Qualification and Experience: The Ideal candidate will have a B.E degree or equivalent. The candidate should have 3 to 5 years product support experience or the equivalent in work experience. MCDBA, MCSD, MCAD, or other applicable advanced indry certification is strongly preferred. The PFE position requires a long list of technology experience or demonstrated understanding of these technologies. The ideal PFE skill set is grounded in a solid understanding of the Microsoft Windows platform. From this foundation, the PFE position is exposed to many technologies. A successful candidate would have the following skills: 1. Deep technical expertise on different versions of Microsoft SQL Server. 2. Deep Technical expertise in troubleshooting performance issues and break- fix issues with Microsoft SQL Server. 3. Deep technical expertise on configuration, management and troubleshooting of SQL Server HADR and Data Replication technologies like SQL Server Failover Clering, AlwaysOn, SQL Server Replication etc. 4. Deep technical expertise on configuration, management and troubleshooting of SQL Server performance features like Partitioning, In- Memory OLTP, ColumnStore Indexes etc. 5. Hands- On experience with troubleshooting performance issues using tools such as Profiler, Extended Events, blocking scripts and Performance Monitor etc. is a m. 6. Experience with writing optimal T- SQL Code is required. 7. Deep Technical Expertise on IIS (Internet Information Services is an absolute m for the role) . Or willingness to learn and ramp up quickly on IIS. Additionally, knowledge with any of the following technologies is an added advantage. 1. Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and PowerBI. 2. Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services. Candidates m possess current passport or be able to obtain passport within 60 days of hire. This job would require you to travel and at times will require 24x7 availability. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills iis configuration management customer service product support replicationproblem solving Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details