TITLE: Adobe Cq5/aem Expert - Portal/wcm Technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience : - Total 8+ years of IT experience - Good experience in Adobe CQ5/AEM (2-4years) - 3+ Years of any Portal/WCM Technology experience. Required Skill Set : - Adobe AEM-Java Developer with a solid Java/J2EE background interested in working on the leading web content management product Adobe AEM. - Expertise in Adobe AEM foundational concepts and a solid understanding of AEM building blocks. - Develop applications that are deployed to the J2EE application server and AEM environment, - Design efficient content models, security models, workflows and templates. - OSGi (Open Services Gateway Initiative) modular Java platform experience. - Experience leveraging CRX as a repository is an asset. Experience leveraging AEM workflows is an asset. - Experience with Apache Jackrabbit and/or Apache Sling. - Knowledge of JCR spec, Java Content Repository. - Experience with Apache Maven. - Experience with HTML, CSS - Experience with Restful and SOAP-based web services - Familiarity with Angular.JS frameworks. - Experience with hierarchical/XML based storage system. - Assess existing source code and adapt to meet current requirements, - Enforce application development standards and best practices, - Adhere to the agile methodologies Software Development Life Cycle, - Identifies and provides recommendations for system process improvements, - Employ strong coding standards for efficiency, readability, and reuse. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills HTML CSS Java Osgi J2Ee Aem XML Cq5 Maven Web Services Adobe CQ5 WCM Java Content SOAP Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Kaarya Consulting leading client of Kaarya Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details