TITLE: Software Engineer II

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Software Enginneer Since Bing launched in June of 2009, the search world has changed for the better. We re helping people break free from search overload and enabling them to make decisions with Bing s powerful, friendly tools. We re attracting new users and changing how people think about Microsoft and Search. We have a long road ahead and we need your help! Key to our continued success in this hypercompetitive space is taking enormous volumes of data and turning them into useful, actionable information to drive increased user engagement through great Bing features and improvements. We re talking petabytes of data about how searches succeed, how they fail, and how we can improve Bing and our partner properties like maps, commerce, travel, and more. The BING team in IDC is hiring strong, self- motivated and results driven developers to create a system that will offer an unparalleled value proposition to both search users and advertisers. Are you excited about data and algorithms Are you excited about applying your computer science skills to cutting edge business problems Are you excited about building a team of engineers with expertise in machine learning If the answer is yes, then the Bing R&D team at the Microsoft India Development Center (IDC) , Hyderabad is for you. We are looking for talented individuals with demonstrated success in shipping machine learning based technologies along with relevant academic and / or research experience. In this position, you will innovate, design, analyze, evaluate, architect, implement and tune complex algorithms and ML models operating on large sets of data in collaboration with top scientists and engineers across Microsoft s global R&D team. In addition to hands on work, you will also be responsible for growing the ML expertise within IDC. Roles & Responsibilities Design and develop major components on the application stack Build highly scalable application components Contribute to improving the development and engineering processes Analyze risks and compromises Drive on- time delivery of high- quality software releases in a fast- paced environment Skills & Qualifications Proven track record in creating innovative engaging interactive consumer experiences. Experience and successful track record in managing talented individuals Strong software design and coding skills Passion for new technologies, quality, and comer satisfaction Excellent communication and cross- boundary collaboration skills Experience Required Experience in Coding and Design. Algorithms & Data Structures knowledge is a m. Distributed systems/ Large Scale Computing experience is a plus BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and strongly supports diversity in the work place. STCI Bing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development microsoft data structures algorithmssoftware designcomputer science machine learning tools Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details