TITLE: Sales/ Marketing (US Process)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings, we at ItechUS are looking for Sr. Sales / Marketing people who got experiance in BPO Industry . Please find the JD below Job Description: Required Skills: Excellent Verbal Communications, Preferably people with experience in out bond sales (B2B or B2C) or Collections Ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks and manage work time efficiently.Â Proven organizational skills with attention to detail and the ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands. Ideal candidate would possess high energy, be highly motivated and self-directed. Â Ability to work in a team environment with a high sense of urgency. PC proficiency in MS office, including Word and Excel and Internet Search. Responsibilities: Marketing candidates on bench and helping them find the right job Identify client requirements for existing IT resources as they become available. Trouble-shoot operational issues, handle queries from partners/clients. Working with Vendors and establishing relationship to develop the business. Capable of developing lead generation strategies and marketing plans. Fixed Saturday and Sunday off Timings: 7:30 PM to 4:30 AM ( No rotational shifts) Regards, Rahul Vishwanatham. Mobile Number : 9949199238 Emai ID : rahul@itechus.net Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills B2B B2C collections sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iTech IT Projects (INDIA) Private Limited http://www.itechus.com iTech IT Projects (INDIA) Private Limited IT Staffing - Business Development Executive. iTech has been providing custom software services and data solutions for over 15 years for some of the largest and most well-known corporations in America. We thrive because of who we are real, honest, and skilled people. Our secret begins and ends by hiring the best technologists we can find from around the world, and bringing our experts to bear in all the projects we engage in: data, mobile, professional and staffing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details