TITLE: Django Developer - Oops/ Python

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: - Collaborate on a cross-discipline team to build scalable web applications and services in an Agile fashion. - Keep current on emerging technologies to advance our architecture/technologies to support growth of the business. - Benchmark and optimize the performance of new and existing applications. - Participate in departmental code reviews and best practice discussions. Requirements: - Deep understanding of OOP and at least one modern programming language, e.g. Python, Go. - Proficiency with one or more modern web application frameworks like Django, Flask, etc. - Experience building and consuming RESTful web applications and services. - Experience with SQL Databases like MySQL and PostgreSQL. - Ability to solve complex business problems by writing simple, effective code. - Ability to leverage structured formats like JSON, YAML, XML to build scalable, testable RESTful applications. - Experience with at least one SCM system like Git. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience that would make you an even better candidate: - B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or related degree. - Experience with NoSQL technologies like CouchDB, Redis. - Experience with openstack cloud computing service. - Experience with mobile web application development. - Experience with Agile Software Development and Test-Driven Development. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Django Python MySQL Redis Couchdb Postgresql Openstack NoSQL GIT XML Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Okda Solutions Leading client of Okda Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details