TITLE: Asst/ Dy Manager - Formulation @ Hyderabad - Pharma

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should be able to handle sterile liquid injectable formulation activities lines including dispensing, aseptic addition, filtration ,integrity clean in place (CIP),sterilization in place(SIP), Autoclave & Part washer operation. Should have experience of handling team and train the staff for aseptic area behaviors. Should have basic knowledge of microbiology and GMP and able to maintain good documentation practices. Should have basic concept and working as per safety guidelines. Should have focus on quality production. Also understand and execute the technology transfer of new solutions and modifications adhering to regulatory compliance requirements. Should able to prepare and maintain the GMP documents as per the departmental requirement. Should have experience in support to filling activites. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Production Management Sterile Liquid Maintenance Quality GMP Technology Transfer Regulatory Compliance Desired Candidate Profile Work experience of sterile injectable liquid formulation preferably with insulin product. Work experience of support in aseptic filling activities functions. Work experience as per cGMP& good in documentation. Should have compounding/formulation exposure to different products. B.tech./ B.Pharma/ M.Tech./ M.pharma/ M.sc Hands on experience on Formulation operation. Should be proactive and strive for quality productivity. Good communication skills and flexible in nature towards work.Forward CV s: ideal4@idealconsultants.com/ Call at 9989488750 Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Company Profile: Ideal Placement and Consultants (P) Ltd. A pioneering biotech company and a part of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, in the business of develop, produce and market cost effective human health care products that conform to international quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details