TITLE: Integration Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Middleware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills and Abilities: Able to deep dive into technical solutions and engage peer architects, leads and managers on design and architecture to build lasting solutions that solve business problems Ability to solve problems with out of box thinking & approaches, iteratively and incrementally improve both products and processes. Excellent oral and written, communication and articulation skills. Excellent organizational and leadership skills. Worked as an Architect for a large Enterprise Web Application Expertise in Java-J2EE application development with good understanding of OOPs concepts. Java 1.8 is preferable. Proficient in implementation of well-known design and architectural patterns and UML diagrams Advanced to Expert in Integration frameworks and patterns, such as Mule, Spring Integration, Apache Camel Expertise in technologies that enable rapid building of production ready application, such as Spring Boot, Drools Extensive experience in Message Queues, ESB Experience in using Build/Release/Continuous Integration tools like Maven / Grunt or Gulp/ Git / SVN and Jenkins Extensive hands on developing Web Services using SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) JAX-WS, JAXB as well as RESTful Web Services using Jersey, Spring etc Strong knowledge of data modeling, relational database, SQL , PL-SQL and ORM technology and NoSQL platforms like MongoDB Hands-on experience in performance tuning of SQL and PL-SQL Strong aptitude and willingness to learn new technologies if required and apply them in day to day job Must have competency and proven track record of delivering complex technical projects within a team environment of other engineers, meeting tight deadlines without sacrificing quality. Proficient in agile software development methodology Familiar about the IT infrastructure such as IIS, Load balancing, High availability clusters, Firewalls, Active directory, reverse proxy, SSL Well aware on the emerging technologies such as Mobility, Cloud, Big Data, etc. Performance analysis, security, scalability, reliability and capacity planning Perform code reviews, design and solution reviews Experience Overall 9 to 12 years of IT experience in development, architecture, design and engineering of mission critical software products Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or Engineering (MSEE, MSCS, etc.) from a good university college is a must. Experience with Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring MVC, AKKA is must. Experience with MongoDB, Redis must. Extensive experience in Enterprise Integration Patterns is required Must have worked on large-scale integrations projects in a large company. Solid experience with at least one Enterprise Service Bus technologies like MuleSoft or BizTalk or IIB is required. Experience with Workday, Oracle Cloud, SAP, PeopleSoft - a plus TOGAF Enterprise Architecture Certification is a plus. Extensive experience in Cloud computing, Event based systems and ERP/CRM system integrations. Agile software development experience to include TDD, CI and agile project management tools such as Jira, Version 1, Rally Experience with development and deployment of large database (Oracle, MS SQL) applications. Effectively partner with global leaders to understand the vision for overall product architecture and be a local evangelist for that vision. Facilitate and ensure seamless communication with the local and onshore team members to create a well-functioning global ONE architecture team. Few years of experience working in US for several years is preferred Personality Attributes and other requirements Integrity and Honesty in all forms. Confident, Dynamic and can manage up-down-across Salary:INR 30,00,000 - 40,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Middleware Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Java Spring Boot Spring Integration J2Ee Apache Camel JAX - WS JAXB Drools Maven Akka Integration Architect ESB Tibco Mulesoft Mule BPM Crodys EAI Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Company Profile: Tactica Business solutions Hiring for Product Based and Fortune 500 Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details