TITLE: Assc Architect GD

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Microsoft Services Global Delivery is a World- class delivery engine with SEI CMMI Level 5 Certification. We enable comers to deploy future- ready solutions using deep delivery capabilities across cutting- edge and emerging Microsoft technologies. Driven by innovation, tried- and tested solution frameworks, a large bank of solution assets and accelerators, and close integration with the Microsoft ecosystem, we help comers lower TCO while enhancing the real value of the solution across large and complex projects world- wide. Microsoft Services Global Delivery is seeking an experienced CRM Architect with the capabilities to win and deliver successful Microsoft Dynamics CRM engagements to accelerate adoption and productive use in the Enterprise. The CRM Solution Architect applies advanced analysis skills and experience in the domain of comer relationship management to architect appropriate comer solutions, to design and develop the solution architecture and estimate for the implementations. The ideal candidate has a track record of technical and business excellence with the proven ability to map comer business problems to end- to- end technology solutions. This person will have demonstrated the ability to engage in senior level technology discussions related to business agility, IT value, and CRM technologies. The Architect will provide assistance for the solution definition, architectural assistance, technical delivery for the top critical business solution implementations based on Dynamics CRM in the enterprise. The CRM Architect is involved in pre- sales, envisioning, design and development of the solution with broad focus around enterprise, indry, platform and solutions. Duties of the Architect include: Providing technical architecture, requirements and design guidance during the Project Lifecycle Playing a vital part in larger project delivery team to keep the focus on solution quality and delivering to comer requirements as primary objectives. Driving successful solution deployments together with wider Microsoft Consulting Services teams. Involvement in presales activities to enable win new comers by providing enterprise class CRM solutions and estimating for the implementation. Main Profile Requirements: Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Business Administration or equivalent work experience At least 8 to 10 years related IT and Indry experience A fluent command of English. Proven communication skills in dealing with technical and business people Strong relevant working experience including expertise in enterprise CRM implementations as well as application development and deployment and/ or distributed system implementation Proven track record of applying CRM preferably in public sector/ telecom/ financial services. Hands- on experience with CRM implementation with focus on architecture and solution design. Additional knowledge of non- Microsoft large scale CRM systems would be an asset (e.g. Siebel or Salesforce.com, ) . Understanding of competitive technology enables the architect to properly assess feasibility of migrating comer solutions from, and/ or integrating with existing comer solutions hosted on Microsoft or non- Microsoft platforms Desirable technical experience includes hands- on expertise in several of the following Microsoft products: .NET, SQL Server, BizTalk, SharePoint, Office, Active Directory and application architecture. Experience in working with Multi National & Offshore / Onsite delivery model Work experience should involve pre- sales, technical consulting, solution design, project envisioning, planning, development, deployment. Sound Technical Knowledge of integrating CRM with the other third party systems i.e. ERP, Billing and etc. Knowledge of full application life cycle design tools and methodologies such as Sure Step, SDM and Agile. Demonstrated excellence at presenting complex development topics to both executive and technical personnel. Team player Travel: 50 to 60% globally. Work Location: Hyderabad (Permanent) , Comer Location (Anywhere) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills sql server development crm siebel erp telecom application development pre sales agile Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details