TITLE: HSE Site Manager @ Hyderabad - Pharma

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Involve the Management Team and Corporate HSE to develop the site HSE strategy and support the Managers in implementation. Is the business partner for each site activity, providing leaders and teams with the knowledge, skills and tools to support the evolution of i safety culture to ensure everyone goes home safe, every day. HSE manager is a member of Site Leadership Team. Work closely and support the leadership team to manage HSE in their department by developing the relevant tools, training and competence to manage their HSE risks. Provide advice, guidance and support to Managers to run the HSE activities (people, governance, operations, crisis management, risk map, compliance & licensing, budget...) efficiently. Ensure that HSE systems are embedded within normal departmental operations. Prepare and lead HSE comitee Coordinate All Health, Industrial Hygiene, Safety and Environmental topics with vaccines HSE head. Ensure alignement, reporting, No direct management but scope of action includes all sites activities. Work closely with HSE head of vaccine to ensure full alignment of strategy implementation, legal responsabilities and official reporting to authorities Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 14,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills HSE Site Manager Pharma Desired Candidate Profile Engineer degree or equivalent with min 10y experience in industryExperience in HSE management with focus on Safety.English speakingVery good communication skills. Ability to transversal work, team spirit Interested candidates forward their updated resume to rk@idealconsultants.com or call me on 9849006750 Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Ideal Placement and Consultants (P) Ltd. A pioneering biotech company and a part of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, in the business of develop, produce and market cost effective human health care products that conform to international quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details