TITLE: Lead US IT Recruiter (US Staffing)

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Lead US IT Recruiter Job Location: Madhapur, Hyderabad Experience level: 5+ yrs. relevant experience in US IT Staffing (1 Position)- Lead US IT Recruiter Experience Level: 1 to 3 years Relevant exp in US IT Staffing (2 Positions)- US IT Recruiter Shift timings: EST time zone (7.30 PM to 4.30 AM) Job Responsibilities:- Handling a team size of 3 to 5 members Responsible for full life-cycle recruiting. Managing vendor/client relations. Responsible for preparing weekly and monthly reports for evaluating the performance of recruiters and sourcing executives. Excellent Vendor Network and Vendor Management Skills Should have experience handling Direct Accounts and working with VMS / MSP. Assigning Requirements to the team members and provide complete Support. Maintaining long-term relationships with high-calibre talent, build and maintain a network of candidates Screen and maintain candidate pipelines in a timely and consistent manner Check the submittals made by the recruiters to ensure candidates fits well for the given requirement. Effectively manage multiple job requisitions and deliver candidates effectively. Must to have skills:- Must be well versed with end to end recruitment process and expertise in IT vertical. Expert level experience in Recruiting Citizens, Green Cards, EADs, H1B & TN Visa Holders on all the tax term (W2, 1099 & Crop to Crop) Good understanding of the various technologies and the ability to screen resumes and understand the requirement. Demonstrated strong negotiation and influencing skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills, creativity, flexibility and maturity. Significant experience with direct sourcing, social media, LinkedIn, and other creative approaches. Experience with the internet recruiting, Human Resources database management systems, applicant tracking systems, and other sourcing solutions. Excellent Communication Skills. Location : 1-65/2/7, Plot No 7, 4th Floor, Road No. 36, Kavuri Hills Hyderabad- 500033. Around 1.5 km From cyber towers. Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills US IT Recruitment US IT Staffing H1B W2 Sourcing Linkedin VMS Vendor Management Client Relationship Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tachyon IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Tachyon Technologies is a rapidly growing Mobility, Cloud, and Analytics Solutions Company and SAP Partner with offices in Bangalore and Hyderabad, India, and its headquarters in Dallas, Texas. We are a passionate family of technology enthusiasts that pride ourselves on helping our clients close the technological gap with highly competitive and engaging solutions. Recently ranked No. #569 in the 2016 Inc. 5000 list of America's fastest growing private companies, and named in CIO Review's list of the "100 Most Promising SAP Solution Providers of 2015", we are climbing the ranks quickly and looking for talented individuals to join us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details