TITLE: Service Line Leader - Proc Operations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Life Cycle Management, Compliance and Business Controls in support of global procurement organization. Responsible for driving continuous improvement activities in procurement operations processes. Establish and maintain effective measures to monitor and ensure that the in- scope Procurement Operations processes perform according to defined service levels. Support Procurement Operations team to define and implement actions and projects to continuously enhance the process effectiveness and efficiency Lead Procurement Operations Service Line teams (Content Enablement/ Catalogue Management, Supplier Set Up and Life Cycle Management, Compliance and Business Controls) Manage Procurement Operations Service line teams located in Hyderabad Manage relationship with Procurement Operations Global Process Owner (s) , Program Manager and Performance & Improvement Manager Develop and measure metrics to monitor the performance of the Procurement Operations Service lines Identify opportunities for continuous improvement and drive change management activities Coach the Procurement Operations Service line teams and monitor the quality of the team deliverables Support the Procurement Operations Service line teams with issue resolution & escalation Support change management activities in the Procurement Operations process Support creation, deployment and on- going maintenance of metrics and benchmark to monitor the performance of the global process and its enabling system (s) . Support process reviews in the regions and countries and in development and implementation of action plans to address identified gaps. Support the execution of the region or countries performance improvement plans. Support specific projects and change management activities to fully establish and continuously improve the process. Support development and maintenance process SOPs, training materials and work instructions. Support performance benchmarking information across countries and with other industries Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required University Degree Fluency in English Overall 10- 18 years of experience in an MNC organization primarily in the areas of Procurement Operations Deep understanding of Procurement Operations. Min experience of 5- 7 years of Leading Procurement Operations in Global Service Centre Excellent communication, people management, stakeholders management and leadership skills Company Profile: Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details