TITLE: Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Implement and maintain all network, security, and computer systems to meet the organizations current and future requirements. Daily administration and oversight of the network and computer systems. This includes the creation, deletion, and maintenance of user accounts, mailboxes, distribution lists, groups and all associated security parameters. Responsible for the management, maintenance, and architecture of the companies Storage Area Network (SAN) . Responsible for the management of all networking equipment to include servers, switches, hubs, and routers. Proactively identify, analyze, and resolve network and system problems, performance issues, and computer resource allocation. Professionally represent the Infrastructure team as a technical consultant on projects. Maintain as necessary project plans and documentation of all system builds and modifications. Research, identify, and evaluate new products and services within the IT field. Provide technical assistance and mentoring to technical team members to increase skill sets and understanding of data, systems, and architectural design. Interact and coordinate with vendors, suppliers, distributors, and contract consultants. Develop and provide reports on network performance and utilization to management. Provide technical consultation on all other aspects of departmental functions. Support mobile technologies including cellular phones, blackberries, PDAs, and Wireless networking. Maintain a good working knowledge of the current industry standard desktop operating systems and major applications, for example MS Exchange. Responsible for development and documentation of corporate policies and procedures as related to network, system, and device use and security. Responsible for the overall design and growth of the companys local and wide area networks. Responsible for managing the companies backup environment. To include the creation of backup jobs, deployment of backup clients, tape rotation, and restores. Provide second level help desk support. This requires resolution of user and network issues beyond the first level help desk expertise or security capabilities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netar Software Services Pvt. Ltd Netar Software Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details