TITLE: Application Developer Qlikview

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Corporate Technology & Risk (CTR) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase s Controls, Compliance, Legal, HR and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTR s drive to standardization, consistency and simplicity is a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long- term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Compliance Technology, Oversight & Controls Technology, Legal & e- Discovery, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, HR Real Estate & Global Services Technology, and Third Party Risk Management. This opportunity is within the Control Systems Technology Department (CST) . CST provides strategic application development and production support across 3 client portfolios: Oversight and Control, Technology Controls and select Compliance Programs. The Control Systems Technology organization client portfolio has a business agenda that is highly focused on enabling visibility to metrics and data for analysis and reporting. The three year investment strategy for the portfolio is highly dependent on effective delivery of data visualization capabilities. To support this work, the CST team is investing in establishing its own data visualization center of excellence to support the CST application portfolio. The function will require Application Developers that possess both a technical and client engagement skill set. On the technical side, the developer must be proficient in the use of QlikView and have a passion for visualizing data, providing easy to interpret information with at- a- glance visualizations. S/ he must also have a diverse database background, able to draw information from disparate sources into a multi- tiered database repository. On the business side, the developer must have strong communication and analytical skills, able to work closely with CST business partners, interpret their business processes and challenges and quickly prototype potential dashboard visualization solutions. Developers will also be required to provide day- to- day production support and assist in responding to customer inquiries. Responsibilities: * Analyze the business requirements, ensuring that QlikView is a right fit to address the challenges and providing estimates of the required work. * Create SOW's and project plans, provide UI prototypes, develop technical specifications and build interactive dashboard solutions to the agreed upon specifications. * Conduct product evaluations (poc s) as well as build reusable QlikView extension objects and data structures. * Participate in standards definition meetings and quality assurance peer reviews of their code base. * Responsible for the safeguard of his/ her code base, conduct unit and integration testing , as well as provide release management instructions through UAT and production environments. * Must also have a genuine interest in staying abreast of innovations and players in the Data Visualization space, and a willingness to share information so that CST is always positioned to provide optimal solutions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql production support sas quality assurance teradata application development data structures risk management release management essbase Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications * 5 years of Application Development experience in an enterprise level environment. * QlikView certification is Required. * 3 years of QlikView Development Required: Design and delivery of QlikView solutions in an Agile development environment using object oriented analysis and design techniques. Expert use of complex expressions, set analysis, and multidimensional objects. * Experience using nPrinting, QlikMaps and other QlikView third party products is a plus. * Advanced knowledge connecting to ODBC and OLEDB data sources and building complex SQL load scripts. * Strong working knowledge of ETL processing and data transformation techniques. * Working knowledge of Essbase, Teradata and SAS is a plus * Experience analyzing and interpreting business requirements to identify technical solutions * Candidate must be able to partner and conduct interviews with business partners, stakeholders and information owners * Candidate must possess excellent listening skills and be able to distill and concisely articulate key messages in verbal and written form Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details