TITLE: Sr. Analyst - Portfolio Credit Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position : Sr. Analyst - Portfolio Credit Analytics Experience : 3Yrs to 6Yrs Joining Location : Hyderabad Role Summary/Purpose : 1. As a Sr. Analyst in Portfolio Credit Analytics, the candidate would be the primary analytic resource support for Portfolio Credit Managers across all Retail Finance Consumer portfolios. This role requires catering to exploratory and diagnostic (deep-dive) analytic requests in addition to providing insights to senior leadership using reporting and available dashboards. 2. As a Sr. Analyst, you will have the opportunity to work on major business initiatives that contribute to companys growth and productivity objectives. This role enables you to work directly with the business in catering to the end-to-end analytical needs. Essential Functions/Responsibilities 1. Partner with Portfolio Credit Managers to understand analytic needs and provide insight and recommendations to improve portfolio performance. 2. Responsible for developing actionable analyses and accurate preparation of management level and ad-hoc reports utilizing queries from multiple reporting systems and customer information collected from across the business segments. 3. Extract portfolio data through SAS/SQL queries, complete portfolio analysis, review trends and make implementable recommendations. 4. Provide analytic support on key business initiatives and develop a strong working knowledge of the data warehouse and applicable analytic data systems. 5. Support best practice sharing of portfolio analyses across client teams and platforms. 6. Monitor business level control points and provide recommendations to management on actions to changing portfolio trends. 7. Communicate portfolio trends, insights and findings to Portfolio Credit managers and senior leadership. 8. Work cross-functionally and collaborate on projects across the organization in a fast-paced environment. 9. Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned 10. Able to work independently with stakeholders and propose actionable as required. Qualification / Requirements 1. 2+ years Analytics experience in Consumer credit industry with analytic skills and experience in analyzing data utilizing SAS/SQL/MS tools with Degree in following Majors Mathematics/Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, Computer Science/Engineering or other quantitative majors 2. 2+ years of work experience with advanced SAS programming SAS Base / SAS Stats / 3. SAS Macros 4. Experience in independently and successfully working in a dynamic team environment 5. Ability to decipher complex data and effectively present and communicate in a clear and concise manner 6. Knowledge of R/Python and other open source tools. 7. Working knowledge of credit bureaus. 8. Work experience in a US financial institution or bank. 9. Knowledge of US, Canadian credit bureau Interested candidates can share their profiles to subhendu@handigital.com or can call 080- 61341542 for more details Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 14,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills SAS SQL Base SAS SAS Macros SAS Programming Data Analysis R Data Warehousing Open Source Portfolio Analysis Retail Finance Credit Card Credit Retail Credit retail accounts retail risk retail debit outlet credit showroom credit Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Han Digital Solution (P) Ltd MNC Financial Services Organization Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details