TITLE: Creative Art Director : Social Media

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Raykroute is hiring a Creative Art Director for a Publicis Groupe company. The interactive agencyÂ provides services including web development, media planning and buying, technology and innovation, emerging media, analytics, mobile, advertising, creative, search & social media. The present role is based out of a social media hub set up by the agency at one of the largest clothing brands in the country. The person will be responsible for visual content creation that is compellingÂ & share-worthy. Key responsibilities Owner of visual content for the respective brand/brands. Lead junior art director/directors This role requires developing visual content including micro-blogs, social media posts, blog posts, e-mailers, sales collaterals, infographics, website content and more. This person should be a passionate Social Media Specialist and a healthy social media presence would be appreciated Skilled at the art of designing compelling and share-worthy designs Should most definitely know GIF animation, basic video editing, after effects and or related software. Should be a pro at operating Photoshop and Illustrator (video editing software will be a bonus) Should have a knack to spot visual trends Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 7,50,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Art Director/Senior Art Director Keyskills Photoshop Illustrator Art Design Social Media creative infographics video editing animation after effects photoshop illustrator Desired Candidate Profile CompetenciesFamiliarity with social media platforms & digital ecosystemDemonstrated ability to coordinate and manage multiple projects, social channels, and design stylesHigh level of attention to detailHunger to learn and delivering world-beating workGo-getter, ownership of projects & lightning speed executionStrong interpersonal and teamwork skills Company Profile: Raykroute for a Publicis Group Company Raykroute is a specialized hiring agency that focuses on sourcing apt candidates for digital roles. In the 4 months of existence, Raykroute has managed to assist both candidates and clients in aligning interests and needs. Raykroute is hiring a Creative Art Director for a Publicis Groupe company. The interactive agency provides services including web development, media planning and buying, technology and innovation, emerging media, analytics, mobile, advertising, creative, search & social media. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details