TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time Do you want to work on the initiative that is one of the companys big bets A good portion of our commercial revenue comes through our Partner Ecosystem. As company is embracing mobile first, cloud first strategy and marching towards it, we need to bring our partners with us in this transformation. Our team is working on building new platform and experiences which will help our partners with this transformation, enable them to engage in new business relationships with us, enable them to grow their business and simplify how we reward partners. We are working on making https: / / PartnerCenter.microsoft.com as a common hub to enable those modern experiences for our partners. Are you interested in building a platform for enabling partner led ecosystem that will bring in billions of dollars of revenue for Microsoft and to our partners If you enjoy driving innovation in a fast- paced services team, enjoy working on full stack solutions which directly impacts our Partners, and are excited about building something which directly impacts the company bottom line, then this is the team for you. We embrace a culture which is comer focused, delivers continuously, drives engineering excellence, collaborative, fun loving and iterative. In this position, you will get opportunity to work on designing models and services to light up new Partner platform, and drive design across different dependencies like Core Commerce, Azure Active Directory, Office and Azure etc.. We need a strong senior talent with a good track record of shipping services, strong design skills, are self- starters, highly motivated, execution- focused and passionate about providing a friction free experience for our partners. Some of the qualities we look for in a candidate include: Ability to drive and own initiatives: This team is a startup and, by definition, small and agile, so the ability to own a problem end to end and deal with ambiguity is a m. Technical mastery: This role requires someone who can quickly understand the domain and architect, design and implement services and experiences that makes it seamless and simple for partners. Cross- team skills: Our team works with tens of partners, both internal and external, in the course of a week. You will need to work closely with partner teams to figure out solutions to current issues as well as drive design and solutions for future product releases. Basic Qualifications * Strong design and problem solving skills, with a strong bias for engineering excellence * Experience in designing and shipping reliable production scale services * Expert coding skills in C#, Azure, Web API, MVC, SQL Server * Excellent written and verbal communication skills * Experience with scalable service design and development, SOA * Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server soa flex microsoft mvc agile codingapi Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details