TITLE: Opening for .BI Analyst With Qlikview.

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi Greetings!!! We are SIS Software India Pvt Ltd, currently looking out for BI Analyst with the following skill set ,we request you to go through the job profile and revert with your updated profile to take it forward. Job Title: BI Analyst Experience: 3-5 Yrs. Location: Hyderabad Qualification: BE/B.Tech/Any Graduate Company: SIS Software (India) Pvt Ltd Required Skills: This position is responsible for assisting the Analytics Team with professional services, documentation, client-requested customizations and installations/upgrades of Analytics software. RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop QlikView based applications and create reporting objects based on client and internal business needs. Develop client-facing scorecards and executive briefing documents with Analytics Consultant(s). Perform technical installations/upgrades of Analytics solutions for new & existing clients. Develop and maintain user/technical documentation of Analytics tools in both written and electronic form. Assist Consultants and Client Services team by developing customization for analytics solutions requested by clients. Demonstrate a creative approach to problem solving. Able to identify complex problems, probable causes, impact on operations, and report these to the appropriate parties. Work with third party vendors and consultants in resolution of issues and system enhancements. Support internal efforts for testing system issues and identify areas for improvement in future releases of analytics tools. Analyze performance data and identify measurement strategies to provide analysis for clients. Assist in the creation of Knowledge Base Articles (KBAs) for support and services team. SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS REQUIRED: Good working knowledge on QlikView and SQL query writing Strong proficiency in Microsoft EXCEL, with experience in mathematical coding and manipulating data structures. Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office suite, including PowerPoint, Word, etc. Good understanding of data structures, relational databases and DBMS technologies. Recommended experience: QlikView Server, Publisher and Qlik Sense Skill in effective communication including both verbal and written skills in order to discuss requirements and present in front of large teams. Skill in system evaluation in order to identify measures of system performance and which actions to take to improve or correct performance. Ability to work independently and be self-motivated. Ability to learn quickly and apply reasoning skills across various projects. If you are interested for this contract position, please let us know the following details. Full Name: C.CTC: E.CTC: Notice Period: Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL QlikView DBMS Query .Net Data Structures Support Services Third Party Writing Skills Technical Documentation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Surgical Information Systems India Pvt.Ltd. ( SIS Software (I) Pvt.Ltd) SIS Software (India) Pvt. Ltd is a 100% subsidiary of Surgical Information Systems Inc., Atlanta, GA. SIS providing software solutions to US hospitals with the mission to enhance the quality, organization, delivery and outcome of surgical services through information technology is the principal business of the company. Some of our clients in US hospitals include Duke University Medical Center, St. Luke's, Kaiser, Kaleida, Ochsner, Health First and Health South enjoy our Product advantages: streamlined surgical services, enhanced patient care, increased savings and improved throughput. The Indian subsidiary is dedicated to the research and development and quality assurance of the company's software product line. The focus is on working proactively with the clients to design and prototype new software products and to enhance and continue to improve the quality of the company's software. Healthcare facilities across the USA are using our software to improve their surgery departments in terms of patient care as well as financial performance. Please visit our website http://www.Orsoftware.com.For information on Java products visit our Statcom site http://www.statcom.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details