TITLE: Web Developer - Html/css/photoshop/illustrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are having vacancy of Web Developers. (We are an IT Firm). We are an International IT Firm Male/Female candidates with B.Tech, M.Tech, M.SC or equivalent with 1-3 years of experience of web development, Mobile App development for IOS and Android platforms required and should have a multitasking work attitude. General Function : An entry level position for a Knowledge Professional focusing in the functional areas of Web Design and Development as needed by the Information Technology Services Department in delivering service and support to clients. Under general supervision, designs and modifies web designs and interfaces. Performs entry level analysis and design of programs. Prepares user and application documentation for the use of new and revised websites, including operational documentation. Characteristic Duties and Responsibilities : 1. Develops prototype designs, theme motifs, mock-ups, site maps, and storyboards as required to provide users with an understanding of potential design options and to implement phases of development process. 2. Creates template pages and interface screens. 3. Develops user interface requirements through interviews with the users. 4. Interacts with other web development team members with the creation of interfaces for dynamic or active web content. Communicates website design strategies, guidelines and workflows. 5. Develops web designs with usability strategies, guidelines and standards. Actively promotes usability standards within the college, including supporting and contributing to guidelines documentation and usability implementation methodology. 6. Tests and debugs the web sites and applications with regards to usability. 7. Other duties as assigned. Reporting Relationships : Direction Received : Reports to Director, Web Development Direction Given : May coordinate and/or functionally lead less experienced employees and student employees Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Photoshop Illustrator CSS Web Designing HTML Web Development Usability Prototype Web Technologies Design Development Desired Candidate Profile - Associate Degree from a regionally accredited institution and 1 to 2 years of related experience, a combination of course work and experience may substitute for the degreeKnowledge, Skills, Abilities and Worker Characteristics :- Expertise in current Internet standards, including web browsers and browser specifications- In-depth knowledge of one or more current web mark-up or scripting languages such as HTML, XHTML, CSS, and Javascript- Extensive experience with two or more desktop publishing/imaging applications such as Photo Editing (Adobe Photoshop, Paint Shop Pro), Drawing (Macromedia Freehand, Adobe Illustrator, Corel Draw), Page Layout (Adobe Pagemaker, Adobe InDesign), Presentation (MS PowerPoint, Astound), Multimedia (Macromedia Director, Flash, streaming audio and video), Others (Adobe Distiller/Exchange, GifConverter, 3D Studio)- Understanding of dynamic or active web content and the use of Perl, C/C++, CGI, and/or SQL Skills in requirements gathering, designing, troubleshooting, and supporting users- Ability to maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work Ability to effectively manage time, and communicate clearly- Ability to maintain a customer focus in providing technology services Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: OKDA Solutions Leading Client of OKDA Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details