TITLE: Infrastructure and Batch Monitoring Technical Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Infrastructure and Batch Monitoring Technical Support Experience: 4 to 7 years Location: Hyderabad Shift: - 24X7 rotational shifts Tools: BMC Control-M, JIRA / ServiceNow, OMI, OEM Operating System: Strong in Linux, UNIX DBA: Knowledge of Database concepts Soft Skills: Excellent Verbal and written communication skills The primary responsibilities would be: Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs. Regular perform daily health checks monitoring to identify possible disturbance, performing daily backup operations. Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures. Performing regular updates and upgrades as and when necessary. Proficient in monitoring Control-M jobs and Troubleshooting. Fulfill scheduling requests in Control-M via ticketing system requests Good knowledge on ticketing systems such as Service Now, JIRA and confluence. Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures and system standards Performs routine maintenance tasks for infrastructure systems such as backups, patch management and hot fixes. Good Experience of working in a SLA environment. Create and maintain system documentation for domain technologies, including installation, configuration, and appropriate troubleshooting steps. Strong IT Infrastructure Domain knowledge and Control-M knowledge. Extremely Good communication skills ITIL Foundation Certified Work in 24/7 rotational shift. Experience in working knowledge of Database monitoring tools such as MEM, Monyog, OEM, OPM, and DSM. Knowledge of Databases Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Vertica and PostgreSQL Databases is a plus. Required Skills: Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to adapt to ever-changing, fast-paced Information Technology environment while maintaining a professional attitude. Must maintain effectively, cohesive working relationships. Must be able to work effectively both individually and in a team environment. Availability to work additional hours, off shift hours, and provide after hour support of required systems is a must. Ability to put together technical documentation and accurately describe owned processes. Educational Qualification: B.E, B.Tech, MCA Please do share your resumes/Reference to sravan.kumar@gspann.com Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MySQL Postgresql Oracle Linux IT Infrastructure Technical Documentation Monitoring Tools Database Administration Patch Management Information Technology Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GSPANN Technologies, Inc. GSPANN is a US California Bay Area based consulting services provider focused on implementations in the Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence & Mobile Solution initiatives. More than 90% of our current clientele are FORTUNE 1000 organizations. We specialize in strategy, architecture, delivery and support of solutions in the ECM, BI and Mobility space. Since 2004, our consultants have successfully served over 150 fortune 500 clients. We have implanted solutions in Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Information Management, Big Data, Mobility, QA Automation & Project Management areas. Good mix of subject matter experts, project managers, senior and junior consultants. We have a successful & proven cost-effective onsite, offsite and off-shore model. Our consultants helps our Clients with Strategy development, Architecture build outs, Delivery Services and Post Delivery Services (maintenance & support). Our Specialties: Enterprise Content Mgmt, Information Mgmt (BI and DW), Web Strategy and Solution, QA Automation, Creative and Design Mgmt, Interactive Marketing solutions, Content Authoring and Migration, 24 X 7 Application Support, Mobile App Development, Omni Channel Strategy For more details, please visit http://www.gspann.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details