TITLE: Openings for Sr.net Developers / Lead Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is Suman with Compugain. Let me know your interest for the below position. I would really appreciate if you could refer any of your friends or colleagues for this position. Position : Sr .Net Developer / Systems Analyst Employment : Permanent Position Location : Waverock building, Gachibowli - Hyderabad Experience : 6 to 10 years Openings : 4 Job Responsibilities & Activities: 6 to 10 years experience with.NET At least 2 year experience with MVC, Entity Framework Javascript JQuery framework Strong in Database concepts Database Technologies - Oracle or SQL Server - writing Stored procedures Should be familiar with Web Services concepts Interact with teams (Onsite and Offshore) If interested, send me the below details along with your most updated word formatted resume to suman.manthena@compugain.com 1.) Your full name 2.) Contact Details and email ID 3.) Your current CTC and expected CTC 4.) Your time frame to join us if selected About CompuGain: CompuGain is an Information Technology and Business Consulting firm providing project-based solutions and software solutions. CompuGain utilizes a customer-centric approach backed by extensive technology and business domain expertise to help clients improve productivity, increase revenue and reduce costs. We are a results-driven consulting and solutions organization powered by knowledge and experience focused on expanding our capabilities to provide a holistic set of offerings to our customers. CompuGain provides High value end-to-end solutions; our value is in our consultative approach and flexibility to deliver a solution that meets the individual needs of our clients. Our solutions are based on industry best practices. CompuGain has consistently been ranked among the top professional services and solutions providers. Our clients range from small start-ups to Fortune 50 enterprises. Thanks & Regards, Suman Varma Associate Recruitment Manager, Human Resources CompuGain Solutions India Pvt Ltd., Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills MVC Asp .Net jquery javascript sql Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Compugain Solutions India Private Limited CompuGain is an Information Technology and Business Consulting firm providing project-based solutions and software solutions. CompuGain utilizes a customer-centric approach backed by extensive technology and business domain expertise to help clients improve productivity, increase revenue and reduce costs. We are a results-driven consulting and solutions organization powered by knowledge and experience focused on expanding our capabilities to provide a holistic set of offerings to our customers. CompuGain provides High value end-to-end solutions; our value is in our consultative approach and flexibility to deliver a solution that meets the individual needs of our clients. Our solutions are based on industry best practices. CompuGain has consistently been ranked among the top professional services and solutions providers. Our clients range from small start-ups to Fortune 50 enterprises. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details