TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Pre-requisites 1) 4 years to 6 years of related experience 2) Education: Graduation or Post Graduation Skills Required 1) Designing and developing user interface solutions for websites and web applications. 2) Extensive knowledge of web technologies and building large-scale web applications. 3) Expertise in JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS 4) Expertise in HTML5, CSS3 5) Expertise with Bootstrap or other responsive design techniques 6) Expertise with cross-browser, cross-platform, and design constraints on the web. 7) Experience in working with Agile Methodology. 8) Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively. 9) Should possess excellent communication skills. Good to have: 1) Work experience in other java script frameworks like react JS, node JS, backbone JS 2) Experience with unit testing frame works like Jasmine, Protractor and tools like Karma Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 9,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript JQuery UI Development Html5 Bootstrap Karma Protractor Java Web Technologies Unit Testing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nisum Consulting Pvt. Ltd NISUM (www.nisum.com) is established in 2000 at California, United States and has consistent growth rate of 22% in last 5 years. NISUM has 900 consults across globe working at North America, South America and India. Build career with opportunities globally (United States and Chile). Till date we have around 1/3rd of consultants are working from client locations at United States and 1/4th from Chile in South America. This helps individuals not only working on latest technologies, but also learning valuable business functions. NISUM has client base with Fortune 500 customers. NISUM provides end-to-end services for - Technology Strategy, Solution Delivery, Product Management and Change Management NISUM works on cutting edge technologies with DevOps, Micro Services to enable customers on rapid delivery platform. NISUM helps customers to get on to AGILE from traditional approaches. Speedy delivery using AGILE process comes with cutting edge technologies. As NISUM follows AGILE and lean process, there is absence of bureaucracy. Every individual's idea in team is valued. You will be having opportunity to work in friendly and autonomous group with top-tier infrastructure/facilities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details