TITLE: .Net Sr. Developer With Plsql

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is regarding a position for .Net Sr. Developer with our direct client located in Hyderabad . If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: .Net Sr. Developer Location: Hyderabad Note : Looking only for local and immediate candidate.(Do not share your resume with Notice Period more than 10-15 Days) Job Description : PL SQL with Oracle Background I Writing Queries ) Hands On experience with C sharp , Asp.Net MVC. Nature of work is task based .Includes Development and Production Support Hands-on programmer/developer (Should be a coder) with Experience of 5 to 6 years (Max) - Hands on C#, Asp.net, Very good knowledge on OOPs. - Knowledge on SQL and PL-SQL is mandate. - Web Services / Rest / SOAP - .NET Framework 2.0, 4.5. - Should be able to write SQL and PLSQL on Oracle. - Worked in agile teams Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills C# Asp.net SQL PLSQL PL Web Services Rest SOAP .NET Framework Oracle Production Support Desired Candidate Profile 1) Candidates must have excellent communication skills.2) Â candidate must be available for F2F interview on weekday3) Outstation candidate please do not apply for this post. Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Leading IT MNC About VARITE VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details