TITLE: M.Sc Microbiologist - Lab Assistant

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this M.Sc. in Microbiology with at least 2 years experience of working in an Industrial microbiology laboratory. 1. To install, operate and calibrate all the equipments and instruments of the Microbiology laboratory 2. To keep an inventory of all the consumables used in the Microbiology laboratory 3. To study the prescribed regulatory microbiological testing and adopt them to the Functional Food products developed in-house 4. To plan and execute microbial stability and shelf-life determination studies on developed functional food products 5. To plan and execute routine microbiological testing for Functional Food products 6. To keep daily records of the experiments and to prepare periodical reports and write-ups Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Microbiologist Keyskills Industrial Microbiology Food Products MICROBIOLOGY M.SC MICROBIOLOGY LAB ASSISTANT LAB INCHRGE Desired Candidate Profile M.Sc. in Microbiology with at least 2 years experience of working in an Industrial microbiology laboratory.1. To install, operate and calibrate all the equipments and instruments of the Microbiology laboratory2. To keep an inventory of all the consumables used in the Microbiology laboratory3. To study the prescribed regulatory microbiological testing and adopt them to the Functional Food products developed in-house4. To plan and execute microbial stability and shelf-life determination studies on developed functional food products5. To plan and execute routine microbiological testing for Functional Food products6. To keep daily records of the experiments and to prepare periodical reports and write-ups Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: A Leading Food Processing Industry. A Leading Food Processing Industry with strong national and international presence in its Branded product variety. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details