TITLE: HP OO (operations Orchestration) at Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Valsatech Software. We are a Recruitment company serving for IT and ITES companies across India. Currently we have opening forÂ HP OO skillÂ with one of our client at Bangalore and HyderabadÂ Location. Required Skills: HP Network Automation + Network Monitoring Tools In-depth Knowledge of Enterprise Systems/ Network Monitoring Tools(NNMI, NAS, NPS). Good Experience in Automation/ Integration/ Orchestration especially on HP tools. Integration skill with HP suite of application. Good Communication Details of HP Skills: HP NNM. OVO Ops Manager or Ops Bridge. HP NNM = HP Network Node Manager. HP NA = HP Network Automation. Exp: 4-5 years mandatory in HP tools related to HP NA + NMM. Roles and Responsibillities: Understand the Automation Workflow Requirements, Provide All Pre-requisites needed for Implementation, Planning and UAT Identification. Pre-requisite Verification and Preparation for production rollout. Experience in Installation Configuration of 1 Instance of Load Balanced HP Operations. Orchestration Catering to up to 10000 Managed Nodes. Installation and Configuration of 1 Instance of RAS. Installation and Configuration of 1 Instance of OO Studio Integrate OO with NA VMWare Hypervisor using Content Packs. Experience to create Workflows Enabling Provisioning Automation, Create up to 25 Custom Workflows of Medium to Major Complexity. If your profile meets the required skills please share your updated resume to omprakash@valsatechcorp.com Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills NNM Network Node Manager Network Monitoring Network Automation Monitoring Tools Orchestration HP Operations Orchestration Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Valsatech Corp Company Overview: Valsatech is a service based IT and IT-Staffing Company Founded in 2008, whose core motive is to provide Staffing, Software Testing and QA assistance to various companies. We provide end to end Recruitments and QA support to our clients and take care of every possible scenario. Specialties: IT Staffing, Staffing Solutions, Software Testing Services, Automation testing solutions, Agile testing, Onsite/Offshore/Nearshore solutions Company Size: 51-200 employees (All locations) Company Locations: Maryland, (United States), Bangalore (India), Hyderabad, Warangal (India). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details