TITLE: QA L1/project Coordinator-tse (US Voice) 1 to 3 yrs for an MNC at Hyd

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from ERGO Talent Solutions!!! We have an excellent career opportunity for "Quality Analyst"/ "Project Coordinator" profile with one of our leading IT/ITES Client based out of Hyderabad. Job Description: QA L1/Project Coordinator (International Voice support) Must have excellent communication skills, Neutral Accent. Education: Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, MBA Operations or Any degree with related experience. Gender: Male Position: 1 Shift: Rotational Shift Cab: No pickup and drop Experience and skills: Quality Analyst: - This position requires an individual who has the ability to listen carefully and communicate effectively and concisely. - Requires up to one year of experience in a call center or customer service-related position in a service industry. - Demonstrated competency in Windows based environment, keyboarding proficiency, internet savvy and use of automated systems Â - Ability to communicate effectively and demonstrate a strong command of the English language. - Excellent phone skills and the ability to be courteous and polite on a consistent basis. - Ability to quickly assess questions raised by customers and provide complete answers in a timely manner. - Excellent written communication skills. - Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction. - Â Demonstrates effective people skills and sensitivities when dealing with others. - Â Ability to follow through on, both verbal and written, instructions and effectively adhere to company and department procedures. - Â Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a customer-driven, fast-paced environment Project Coordinator: -Â -Project Coordinator will provide operation logistics support for Company's small-medium size equipment installation and deployment orders to UK, South Africa, and US customers. This includes: order management, sales order processing, warehouse coordination, product shipment and order tracking, and coordinating installation vendor work requests.Â -Post Graduate (MBA) or Graduate degree in Operations from Tier 2/Tier3 college or BE/BTech or any Degree with 1-2 years customer service or technical support experience supporting UK and/or US customers. - Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated organizational skills; ability to handle multiple priorities. Strong PC skills (MS Office- Word, Excel, PowerPoint). Ability to work with internal and external teams to meet project objectives. If interested, Please share your CV's to Rajendar@ergotalentsolutions.com About us: ERGO Talent Solutions is a leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. ERGO Talent is created with a sole purpose of adding significant value to the Clients' business by not only addressing the current Talent related challenges but also proactively manage potential future HR challenges/opportunities which in turn enables the clients to be more successful & effective in the internal/external Talent market. This is our Value Proposition! Our service offerings are also in the areas of Total Rewards Strategy & Implementation, Talent Management and Learning & Development. We are operating out of Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad & Pune. Do visit our website www.ergotalentsolutions.com for further information. Best Regards, Anitha Devineni ERGO Talent Solutions Hyderabad Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills us process International customer care international customer service international cse TSE Technical Support Customer care executive uk process international technical us client handling Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Instrumentation, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, MCA - Computers, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: ERGO TALENT SOLUTIONS Leading BPO in Hyderabad www.ergotalentsolutions.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details