TITLE: IT Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work with a world class team to develop, implement, and support cutting edge Oracle technology. Manages a team maintaining and/ or implementing software project (s) and/ or internal systems. Defines, documents and manages scope, expectations, implementation approach, deliverables and acceptance testing criteria. Leads a specialized area which may have diverse functional elements. Frequently interacts with supervisors and/ or functional peer group managers. May interact with senior management. Demonstrated leadership skills. Detailed knowledge of several applications within a business area needed. BA/ BS degree and relevant experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required This position is for a highly dynamic individual with a strong technical background who will build and lead the team that will be responsible for driving the implementation of varied projects. Looking for an individual with: Strong leadership skills needed to build and motivate the new team. Ability to partner with the business team to understand their business requirements; propose creative solutions and work with the technical team to implement the solutions. Deep technical skills who enjoys delving into the technical underpinnings of the implementation and contributing on a technical level as required Skills to manage and coordinate complex tasks with various stake holders. Strong communication skills Ability to effectively interact with sub teams in all time zones to support a global implementation Desired Industry Experience: Strong functional background in Finance processes (specially Quote to Order and Order to Cash) Knowledge of Incentive Compensation is a plus Overall experience of at least 8 to 10 years of Software Development Deep technical knowledge in Java, J2EE, ADF Experience managing multiple projects with aggressive timelines Strong problem solving and analytical skills Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details