TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate. Greetings of the Day.... We have Urgent Opening for the Profile of Business Development Manager / Sales Executive/ Sales & Marketing Executive Salary Negotiable Interview - Walking Interview Exp - 1 to 2 Year Having a experience in Tour & Travels Must have a bike Candidate should have a bike and should be ready to travel anywhere in Hyderabad . A Business Development Manager works to improve an organizations market position and achieve financial growth. This person defines long-term organizational strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies business opportunities, negotiates and closes business deals and maintains extensive knowledge of current market conditions. Business Development Managers work in a senior sales position within the company. It is their job to work with the internal team, marketing staff, and other managers to increase sales opportunities and thereby maximize revenue for their organization. To achieve this, they need to find potential new customers, present to them, ultimately convert them into clients, and continue to grow business in the future. Business Development Managers will also help manage existing clients and ensure they stay satisfied and positive. They call on clients, often being required to make presentations on solutions and services that meet or predict their clients future needs. Job Description Marketing Executive (male only) Both the candidates- - must have a good knowledge about the places of Hyderabad. - must be capable of traveling out of Hyderabad too. - must have the working experience of minimum 2 years in marketing. - must own a bike. Salary: negotiable Travelling Allowance (T.A.): Payable Good Communication Skill: English, Hindi, and Telugu Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. Cold call as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities. Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network. Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organization. Research and build relationships with new clients. Set up meetings between client decision makers and companies practice leaders/Principals. Plan approaches and pitches. * Work with team to develop proposals that speaks to the clients needs, concerns, and objectives. Participate in pricing the solution/service. Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion. * Use a variety of styles to persuade or negotiate appropriately. Present an image that mirrors that of the client. ARV Holidays Pvt Ltd Hyderabad Office : 313, 3rd Floor, Sagarview Complex, Liberty Road, Opp GHMC, Hyderabad 500 029 Email : hyderabad@arvholidays.com Thanks & Regards Contact Person - Priyanka Srivastava Contact Number 9821497543 Salary: 15000k to 20000k Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Marketing Business Development Management Sales Executive Activities Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ARV Holidays Pvt Ltd ARV Holidays Pvt Ltd http://www.arvholidays.com ARV Holidays is an encyclopedia on each and other of the nation that must be on the travel list. From the best of the places, attractions, hotels & resorts we have it all under one roof. Being in the travel industry since so long ARV Holidays offers round the clock customer support to garner each of its stake holders Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details