TITLE: CGI Looking for Peoplesoft HCM (asc)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Job Title Associate Consultant Job Location Bangalore /Chennai/ Hyderabad /Mumbai Year of Experience 9-11 years Who can Apply (Experience) 9-11years Educational Background B.E/Btech/MBA/MS/M Sc/B Sc/BCA/BBM/PG About CGI Founded in 1976, CGI has evolved into a leading IT and business process services provider. Our more than 30 years of continuous growth is a testament to the confidence our clients place in us and to the commitment of our members. It is also a testament to the sustaining principles in which we were founded upon, including our dream and shared values. The result for our clients: We are everywhere you need us to be and have the stability, discipline and dedicated professionals needed to deliver results. Key Roles and Responsibility Understand Business Requirement and develop Functional Specification.Interact with customers and working with Onsite teams w.r.t project activities Work independently and as a team player; collaborating with peers and other team members Perform Functional Testing and User Acceptance testing as part of the Project. Must Have Skills: Functional Experience on HCM Core module.Functional Experience on HCM Self Service 7 to 8 years of Experience PS QueryPreferred Skills: PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 Absence Management. PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 Base Benefits PeopleSoft HCM 9.2 End to End Implementation Experience. Desired & Essential Skills Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) PeopleSoft Human Capital Mgmt Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills User Acceptance Testing Self Service PeopleSoft Hcm Business Process Functional Testing Resource Planning Human Capital Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CGI Information Systems and Management ConsultantsPrivate Limited Founded in 1976, CGI has evolved into a leading IT and business process services provider. Our more than 30 years of continuous growth is a testament to the confidence our clients place in us and to the commitment of our members. It is also a testament to the sustaining principles in which we were founded upon, including our dream and shared values. The result for our clients: We are everywhere you need us to be and have the stability, discipline and dedicated professionals needed to deliver results Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details