TITLE: Program Manager II

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Program Manager II: Life as a modern Microsoft PM @ VS.in is always exciting; be it listening to comers, evangelizing our product portfolio, spending hours immersed in analytics/ data mining to understand usage/ opportunities, ideating and building best of breed Cloud DevOps services, getting your ideas from the design board into comer hands in weeks and having ton of fun along the way! The VS.in org works on the cloud service VS Team Services and the on- prem Team Foundation Server. Our mission is dev team services for building the world s best DevOps pipeline, from Agile Planning to Git- based dev collaboration to automated Continuous pipelines for creating rob, modern web and mobile applications that scale. This is the new Microsoft providing dev services for Any App on Any Platform so your technical skills are always on the cutting edge working with Docker, Linux and Windows, open- source technologies, microservice architectures etc. If you're a PM very passionate about technology, yearning to make visible business impact in the highly influential tech community, equip the technologists with the services with which they can change the world, work on a modern continuously- shipping cloud service and work with a team that will bring out the best in you Join us for the fun ride! Requirements: Track record of excellence in designing & delivering software that has wow'ed the user Top notch, high- energy communication skills, collaboration skills, and drive for results Comer obsession, strategic insight, passion for technology & strong analytical skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills linux windows microsoft pm agile analytics data mining shipping git pipeline Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details