TITLE: Software Engineering Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About MSIT- India Each day our world creates new technology. New devices, new apps, new services. Which means new ways to do things, new ways to connect, new things to learn. And while each holds the promise of helping us get more done, with less effort, too often they simply become one more thing competing for our scarce time and attention. That s why we need to rethink the way we make technology, and not simply make more. That s why we need to reinvent productivity. Microsoft is helping people achieve more by giving them the best possible tools for any moment. So how does Microsoft IT help, and in particular, IT software engineers IT has two roles at Microsoft. First is the traditional enterprise IT role. We keep everything running smoothly, and ensure employees have a great experience as they collaborate with colleagues, comers and partners in over 100 countries. Second, we re the company s first commercial comer to deploy Microsoft software, services and hardware at scale. We innovate using cloud, BI and Big Data, mobile, social and security software and services, deploy and manage it, then provide the feedback and advocate for our comers with the Microsoft product engineering teams. In the end, we showcase our work to the indry. Microsoft IT provides career growth opportunities, a rewarding and flexible work environment so you can better integrate your professional and personal life. Microsoft IT employees make global impact on hundreds of thousands of comers and employees who use Microsoft software and services. Microsoft IT- India practices process methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, Six Sigma to improve its operational excellence and efficiency. It's the state- of- the art, leading edge Microsoft technologies along with the world- class process rigor that makes it an employer of choice. MSIT- India has grown to deliver almost 50% of Microsoft IT applications requirements. Besides, it also manages Microsoft's global data centers, corporate network, 10, 000 servers and various other infrastructure management activities from Hyderabad. We Deliver IT Solutions and Services that drive Innovation and Business Value. High level overview This role encompasses both the aspects of program delivery and people management in a highly matrix organization. This position is responsible for providing overall leadership to the team, setting direction for the team, ensuring all commitments are met and developing strong partnerships with other groups and disciplines globally. This person will lead a team comprising of individual contributors from the software engineering discipline. Responsibilities and Common tasks include Setting up engineering strategy for the team both from technical and business front Ensuring that all programs are delivered with agreed upon business value, on time and highest quality Ensuring that all features embody engineering best practices, efficient, scalable architecture, elegant design and high quality implementation Managing a rapidly growing software engineering team of strong individual contributors Ensuring that pro- active/ cooperative relationships exist within the program and project teams. Assisting team members in resolving issues Leading Design, Code reviews to ensure consistently high level of design and implementation Driving quality process and trworthy computing initiatives throughout the product lifecycle to eliminate architecture, design and coding defects at the source Ensuring performance and security criteria are met Communicating policy & technical directions to all levels within group and cross discipline. Status reporting and presenting solutions is an integral part of the job Contributing to organizations big bet initiatives like talent hiring, people skill development, etc. Desired Educational qualification: BE / B Tech / MCA or equivalent Skills Required (M Have) Experience: o Total of 15 years of demonstrated work experience in the Information Systems indry. o 10 years of solid Design/ Software engineering experience using large/ complex application using various technologies o 4 years of experience in People Manager Role build and grow teams. Technical Skills: o Very strong software engineering design, development and testing , experience. o Proficient in C#, .NET Framework or comparable programming environment, SQL, Web Development and test methodologies. o Good understanding of design / architectural patterns and automation platforms. Engineering Practices: o Experience with Agile or Waterfall development methodologies. o Good experience on Requirement/ Design/ Code Review & Inspections practices o Good on Estimation Practices: Effort and Schedule o Experience in Development processes like creating technical and architectural documents and QA processes like designing test plans, functional testing , end to end scenario automation, performance and security testing . People Management Skills: o Ability to motivate and influence team o Ability to lead, coach and provide leadership to staff on goals, objectives and performance success criteria. o Ability to manage high and low performers. o Aligns team s commitments with organizational strategic directions o Effectively utilizes resources. Other skills: o Excellent written and oral communication, team skills o Ability to handle ambiguity and collaborate across multiple groups and disciplines o Ability to manage multiple projects / tasks concurrently and drive them to successful completion o Facilitates collaboration in a cross- group environment (i.e. global software engineering teams) o Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision making skills o Excellence in strategic thinking, leadership and be able to influence without authority. o Ability to rapidly assimilate new information and techniques Nice to have: o Knowledge on Cloud technologies Microsoft Azure or Amazon Web Services, Windows Desktop and Phone application development o Knowledge on data modeling, analytics, data mining and machine learning o Knowledge on automated build, deployment and CICD. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql windows mca automation microsoft application development data modeling web development agile coding Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details