TITLE: Deputy Zonal Manager - Sales - Personal Care/cosmetics

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Responsible for Prim & Secondary target achievement. Ensuring proper coverage & increasing current distribution base in the assigned area. Planning and implementing sales promotional activities and working towards Volume/value growth Responsible for the enhancement of Brand presence/visibility, to create more merchandising & prompt placement of brand into retail as well as modern trade. Effective coordination & sound mechanism to take daily, weekly & monthly reporting from subordinates & to conduct monthly meet to evaluate their performance. Monitoring Team's performance and motivating them to achieve targets. Increasing business opportunities through various routes to market. Recruitment of new staff & ensure that they perform well. Manage, develop, coach, control & motivate the sales force to develop their skill to deliver their KRA. Handling of channel partners [Distributors] & appointment of good professional distributors wherever is require. To generate the maximum business with in minimum budget. Ability to analyze data to identify more sales opportunities. - Ensuring the revenue/wallet share of the respective monthly/quarterly & annual targets as agreed upon with the Regional Head. Effectively map and management teams for respective states/regions mapped under his Zone/State. Maintain market intelligence on competitor activity and inform Management about any gaps in our product offering. Being able to manage business relationship with the Distribution network namely the RMUs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills Sales Promotion Modern Trade Personal Care Distribution Network Sales Management Channel Partners Cosmetics Retail Promotions Zonal Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Vega VEGA: A name that is synonymous with Highest Degree of Customer Service and an Unparalleled Product Range! The art of delighting customers with all aspects of business activities has been taken by Vega to mega heights; hitherto unseen in the Beauty accessory industry in India. Vega came into existence at the turn of century with it's offering of makeup brushes that compared with the best in the world. The international business experience gained by the promoters of Vega resulted in introduction of best global practices such as offering premium quality innovative products, development of products suitable for the Indian consumers, educating users about product attributes most suitable to them and presenting the products in packaging that was extremely functional and enhanced the appeal of the products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details