TITLE: Shuttering Foreman

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Having 5+ year of experience as shuttering foreman Expertise in Shear Wall Technology with exposure in high rise buildings 20+ floors Experience in shear wall formwork system its various components Understanding the drawings Effective management of the materials Training the carpenters to get best quality & getting desired slab cycle time through proper planning Achieving the required repetitions of the materials Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills civil foreman structural foreman construction foreman shuttering foreman shuttering supervisor shuttering civil foreman formwork foreman Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aparna Constructions Aparna Constructions, an ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001 :2004, OHSAS 18001:2007 certified company, is a leading real estate developer in Hyderabad. Since 1996, Aparna has completed and delivered 28 projects comprising fully-integrated Gated Community Villas, Premium Apartments and 3 Commercial Projects - spread over 15 million Sft. Aparna has delivered 5 Residential Plot projects spread over 1 .32 million Sq. Yards. These projects are widely recognized for their path-breaking innovations, continuously surpassing industry standards and many of which have become Landmark communities. Aparna will deliver some of the new Gated Communities & Residential Plots in 2016 & early 2017 spread over 6.5 million Sft. & 0.24 million Sq. Yards respectively. Also, in pipeline are 3 Gated communities spread over 8 million Sft. Aparna projects are developed with an unwavering vision to offer a sustainable balance between affordability and luxury with global standards of construction and environmental responsibility. Aparna unparalleled success is built on customer relationships. Accordingly, we have set the highest standards in the area of customer care and Aparna believes in honesty, integrity and transparency in every aspect of business. Aparna ultimate goal is to deliver value through excellence every time, without compromise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details