TITLE: Sr Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description* IoT Lead Architect This senior level Architect will serve as the IoT (Internet of Things) Lead Architect for Microsoft Services. The IoT Lead Architect will be responsible for developing and leading how Microsoft Services will address the needs of Microsoft comers who are engaging in the digital transformation of their business. This Senior Level Architect will have the responsibility of working across Microsoft as the Architectural leader and overall services lead for IoT solutions. This Lead Architect role requires both broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect solutions by mapping common comer business problems to end- to- end technology solutions. The candidate m have demonstrated ability to engage in senior level business and technology decision maker discussions related to Digital transformation/ disruption, agility, business value, and end to end architecture. This IoT Lead Architect will also serve as a key leader to other architects, consultants and stakeholders for IoT thought leadership, patterns and practices and solution approaches for Digital transformational engagements. This candidate will have a passion for the comer which is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the comer experience. The Lead Architect applies their experience of IoT solutions, advanced analysis skills and experience in principals of architecture to define appropriate comer solutions. To be credible he or she m have current and deep experience with implementation of large software systems and reference level IoT engagements. Also, the IoT Lead Architect should understand competitive technology and how to properly assess feasibility of migrating comer solutions from, and/ or integrating with comer solutions hosted on, non- Microsoft platforms. Advanced domain knowledge in one or more vertical indry is also an asset. The IoT Lead Architect leads Microsoft s services teams to identify, pursue and close Internet of Things/ Digital Transformation opportunities while learning from each of those opportunities to broadly develop repeatable architectures, patterns and practices for our broader business. To accomplish this, they m be effective in influential leadership, collaboration, and executive presentation. The IoT Lead Architect will be responsible for the Technical Quality of our IoT architectures and serving as the conscious of IoT Architecture for our broader Architect community. To be successful they m have proven experience and credibility with leading Digital Transformational projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi- phase/ multi- dimensional/ multi- resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high comer satisfaction and excellence comer outcomes. Expert level knowledge required leading Architectural Domains and leading comers in architecting, planning, testing and deploying solutions including the following: Proven leadership in developing Architectural strategies, patterns and practices for Domain level subjects and solutions areas Proven experience selling consulting engagements which includes estimating, scoping, and writing effective statements of work that clearly set expectations and limit risk. Demonstrated excellence at presenting complex development topics to both executive and technical personnel Demonstrated excellence when facilitating comer design and awareness sessions that are focused on complex application solution architectures. Demonstrated capabilities in developing an understanding of the comer business value associated with the deployment of modern business productivity, system- to- system, and end- user applications. An ability to articulate architectural differences between solution methods and the challenges and approaches to integrating solutions built on different platforms including a working knowledge of different architectural frameworks that may be used by our comers. Architectural understanding of and implementation experience with the following solution architecture areas: Modern Applications, Business Productivity including but not limited to portal and browser- based workflow solutions, Application Architectures including the use of cloud- based technology capabilities such as Azure and SPO, Application Life Cycle Management and Application Platform processes and technology capabilities, Data and Database Management, SQL/ BI, Advanced Analytics such as machine learning and application middle- ware and messaging architectures. Experience developing and operationalizing high- volume (10, 000 s/ sec) low- latency distributed message pipeline systems. Extensive knowledge of Microsoft and non- Microsoft distributed system management and operations tools and practices. Thought leadership in applying a DevOps approach to developing, deploying, operating, and improving cloud services. Demonstrated ability to integrate Services capabilities including Technical consulting, Support Services, Strategy Services, Adoption and Change Management services, and ITSM services into a comer program to deliver an outcome Exceptional demonstrated consulting skills Large enterprise deployment experience in complex heterogeneous environments Ability to move between high level architectural review/ design and the roll up the sleeves level of actually doing all phases of an application delivery project. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management. The successful candidate will have a BS/ BA degree and/ or 10 years of relevant work experience. Advanced technical selling and comer management skills are a requirement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills sql development microsoft operation sconsulting analytics change management Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details