TITLE: Information Risk Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com . Corporate Technology & Risk (CTR) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase s Controls, Compliance, Legal, HR and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTR s drive to standardization, consistency and simplicity is a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long- term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Compliance Technology, Oversight & Controls Technology, Legal & e- Discovery, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, HR Real Estate & Global Services Technology, and Third Party Risk Management. The Global Identity and Access Management (GIAM) organization within CTR provides access control governance and Identity Services for all lines of business (LoBs) globally, providing the right access to the right people at the right time for all technology platforms and applications supported by CTR, and provides a comprehensive set of applications, tools, and staff to globally implement, monitor and manage technology risk solutions. Description- internal Job Summary The Access Operations team is part of the Global Identity and Access Management, which is within CTR. The team is responsible for ensuring controls around system and user access are carried out according to internal policy and regulatory requirements. This covers integration of entities to access request tools, user and entitlement recertification, profile management, segregation of duties, audit management and other control initiatives. ID Cert Integration and Request Tool Migration Team: Ensure all Entities are on- boarded to Certification, Termination and Transfer processing and deliver a robust Access Provisioning Framework that accurately process access provisioning and de- provisioning requests. Primary Duties and Responsibilities Responsible for Integrating Applications, Databases and Platforms to firm wide approved certification and/ or request tools and conduct control checks to ensure end to end data integrity Ensures integration onboarding requests are initiated, processed timely and accurately. Prepare Integration package, initiate calls/ meetings and manage the lifecycle of the process Work with a team of integration project administrators, partners and report to managers in a global team environment Input and upload response results among various in- house tools Identify ways to increase efficiencies of processes Gather operational metrics and update progress in trackers Document and update related procedures in SharePoint environment Act as the liaison between the Application Developers, Database Administrators, Business Units, various technology and support teams Partner and coordinate with Information Owners, Technology Control Officers and Application Support teams and I&AM Controls and Governance to improve access controls Work closely with business partners to identify process improvements and leverage technology to automate and streamline existing processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills operation s project management investment banking financial services application support real estate asset management sox analytical metrics Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications Bachelor s Degree in Engineering OR business/ information technology related field or equivalent experience in the Identity and Access Management field Must have experience with two or more of the following systems: IDCert, ARMS, RSAM, IBID RMT, EURC, IO SID, DB Portal, TAMS, Peregrine. Project Management experience including solid knowledge of Identity and Access Management controls, principles, methods, SOX/ SSAE16 and regulatory related obligations preferred Solid understanding of the global banking business and operations Solid knowledge of IT risk management frameworks/ concepts preferred Self- motivated with excellent analytical, communication and problem- solving skills with ability to independently develop solutions to complex analytical/ data- driven problems Ability to facilitate meetings among stakeholders with diverse and sometimes conflicting points of view, including strong negotiation skills and developing strong client relationships Highly proficient in MS Office Suite (Excel, Word, Project, PowerPoint, Access, SharePoint and Visio) Working knowledge of SQL/ Oracle queries is a plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details