TITLE: Infrastructure Developer - Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) is the technology infrastructure organization for the firm, delivering a wide range of products and services, and partnering with all lines of business to provide high quality service delivery, exceptional project execution and financially disciplined approaches and processes in the most cost effective manner possible. The objective of GTI is to balance both business alignment and the centralized delivery of core products and services. GTI is designed to address the unique infrastructure needs of specific lines of business and the demand to leverage economies of scale across the firm. Solution Architecture drives standards and cost effective end- to- end technology solutions based on the Firm s businesses, application s and infrastructure partner s current and future requirements. Our team seeks to hire an Infrastructure Developer to contribute to that mission. Infrastructure Developers deeply understand the configuration and lifecycle of infrastructure from back end and through the full stack infrastructure to platform. They understand how applications are built and how applications communicate and consume infrastructure. They tend to use dynamic programming languages like Python and have deep knowledge of integration and API s. Within this team, our Infrastructure Developers play a key role in coaching, educating and influencing application teams, and participate in key GTI projects where we are working to implement greater automation, virtualization and software defined infrastructure. Over and above this, our Infrastructure Developments create nimble prototypes often analytic in nature and work where gaps exist in integration between GTI platforms to extend functionality, integrate through API s, or exchange data through services or messaging. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills automation python configuration virtualization api messaging drivessolution architecture software services Desired Candidate Profile &bull; Master's/ Bachelor's in Computer Science &bull; At least 12 years of work experience, software services and integration and API s. &bull; Excellent scripting skills with Python with strong JAVA coding skills preferred. &bull; Knowledge of messaging, ETL and integration technologies &bull; Knowledge of infrastructure virtualization, cloud, and horizontal scaling technologies &bull; Experience in Integrating API s, or exchange data through services or messaging &bull; Experience in creating nimble prototypes and work where gaps exist in integration between Technology platforms to extend functionality. &bull; Influence application teams, and participate in automation, virtualization and software defined infrastructure projects &bull; Solid understanding of configuration and lifecycle of infrastructure from back end and through the full stack infrastructure to platform. &bull; Good experience on how applications are built and how apps communicate and consume infrastructure &bull; Detail oriented, thorough and analytical approach required with excellent communication skills. &bull; Ability to time- share and prioritize between multiple tasks is crucial Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details