TITLE: Senior Iphone Application Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Candidate Profile Candidate should have 3- 5 years experience in developing iPhone Apps. Strong knowledge in Objective C, Xcode, CoCoa, Cocoa Touch, XML and JSON. Should be a good team player, well motivated and well organised. Should be expertise in Apple iPhone, iPad and iOS development. Strong knowledge in iOS SDK Development (Web Services & API's, LBS, Social Network Integration etc.) Strong knowledge in database (SQLite3, MySQL) . Good Knowledge in Google APIs. Good understanding of MVC concepts and design patterns. Knowledge about latest mobile technology. Knowledge in publishing application in Apple Store. Knowledge in versioning Tools that includes like trunk, branch, export, import and copy will be added advantage. Strong object oriented programming and design skills. Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills. Good attitude and team player. Job Description We are looking for iPhone Application Developer on permanent basis. The candidates should have working experience with remote teams, should be able to communicate and coordinate with onsite counter parts and should be able to translate the instructions into the actionable tasks. He must be able to deliver the development tasks, understand requirements, and should have exposure of creating technical and design documents. The candidate should have strong understanding of Object oriented concepts and design patterns. should have domain expertise in any of the Content, Retail, Travel and telecom domains. Should have good experience in iPhone, iPad and iPod application development. Should have good experience with Objective- C, Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. Good understanding of HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, XML parsing. Should be able to deliver across the entire app life cycle - concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app stores & support. Should have worked on both iPhone, iPad application. Good knowledge of using Facebook, twitter, Google Map APIs. Understanding of the client projects from start to end and deliver the projects successfully in- time with quality. Experience in using of the ios frameworks that would actually help to create user interface faster and easier. Interest to learn on latest industry trends in the mobile technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quallent Technologies Pvt Ltd Quallent Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details