TITLE: Software QA Associate Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About SecureWorks: SecureWorks is a market leading provider of world- class information security services with over 2, 800 clients worldwide spanning North America, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and the Pacific Rim. Organizations of all sizes, including more than ten percent of the Fortune 500, reply on SecureWorks to protect their assets, improve compliance and reduce costs. The combination of strong client service, award- winning security technology and experienced security professionals makes SecureWorks the premier provider of information security services for any organization. Positioned in the Leader s Quadrant of Gartner s Magic Quadrant for MSSPs, Secureworks has also won SC Magazine s "Best Managed Security Services" award for 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 & 2011. Job Summary: We are looking for a Software QA Automation Engineer with 3 to 5 years of experience to join in our team of quality professionals. The Software QA Automation Engineer will have a solid experience testing N- Tier application services and front- end web applications within an agile development environment. This position requires an individual with excellent organizational skills and strong attention to detail. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: &bull; Interpret functional requirements and design documents to plan, develop, write, and execute application functional and automation test plans. &bull; Develop and maintain automation test scripts for functional and regression test execution. &bull; Familiar with Java , Python for automation in a Linux environment. &bull; Familiarity with HTML, CSS, Java scripts and web debugging tools, Databases/ SQL &bull; Knowledge of best practices in software engineering QA &bull; Knowledge of development tools (Git, SVN, Confluence/ Jira/ Wiki) &bull; Participate in release activities with DevOps and confirm successful delivery into production systems. &bull; Coordinate data validation test projects for web UI and internal/ external reports as needed. Qualifications: &bull; Must have a minimum of 3 years of formal and organized quality assurance testing and automation experience. &bull; 2 years of development experience with JAVA, Object Oriented Programming. &bull; 2 years working as a Selenium automation test engineer. &bull; Able to lead automation architecture and design efforts. &bull; Partnering skills to work collaboratively with software development teams and DevOps personnel. &bull; Strong ability to work independently as well as with teams. &bull; Working within Agile scrum framework a strong plus. &bull; Experience with REST/ SOAP API or JMeter tool a plus. &bull; Experience working with development tools (SVN, Confluence/ Jira/ Wiki) a strong plus. &bull; BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline or equivalent experience is desired. Other Skills &bull; Self- motivated with a can- do attitude. Eager to become immediate contributor to the company. &bull; Team player as well as a self- starter who needs little supervision. &bull; Can operate in an open and collaborative environment. &bull; Possesses strong analytical, time- management, and problem- solving skills. &bull; Can work with limited supervision. &bull; Strong communicator. &bull; Ability to work in a fast moving environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills java sql linux development software development automation python quality assurance information security selenium Desired Candidate Profile Education Qualifications: &bull; BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline or equivalent experience is desired. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details