TITLE: Head Presales (supply Chain and Logistics Vertical)

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a core IT person who has grown from Architect to Solution Manager to Presales. A Strategic role to lead the pre-sales activities for Supply chain and logistics vertical. This role is highly visible and will take the vertical to the next level of growth. As a leader within the vertical team, this role will work across sales, domain, and delivery units. A customer facing role to shape, lead, work and engage customers for growth and value. This person will be a team leader and lead solution, architects, bid managers and bid coordinators. Lead the Presales for the Supply chain and logistics team Handle / Manage proactive and reactive proposals including RFPs and tenders. Enable strong pipeline of qualified leads through multiple sales channels. Actively manage these channels to ensure that every opportunity is tapped to its potential by working with Marketing and sales teams. Establish excellent connect with Customer stakeholders, gather solid customer intelligence / base. Build market intelligence by working with both internal 'Strategic Marketing' teams as well as external analysts and other key influencers. Identify market segments and create value propositions for these segments that includes appropriate solutions that significantly helps in deal conversions. Represent Supply chain and logistics in global events, seminars Improve pre-sales productivity by bringing in best practices, reusable components etc. Work in a complex bid environment where multiple service lines could be playing a major role and team work is essential. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Business Development Keyskills Sales Strategic Marketing Logistics Events RFPS Team Handling Major Market Intelligence Strategy Team Leading Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications :* Â We are looking for a core IT person who has grown from Architect to Solution Manager to Presales Head.* Â It is mandatory for the ideal candidate to be a Subject matter expertise in Supply chain and logistics domain * With a min. of 15 yrs of IT experience. (Presales experience in supply chain and logistics is also mandatory ) * Strong IT services industry experience * Strong Verbal and Written Communication Skills. * Presentation Skills. * Negotiation Skills. * Financial acumen / deal structuring. * Must have worked in collaborative / matrix organization structures where influence works more than control / authority. * Technology savvy with knowledge / experience / expertise in current and emerging technologies. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: The RedWood Horizon CMMI Level 5 Organisation Founded in 1995,our client is a Software is a leading offshore software services company offering solutions that accelerate, simplify, and enrich business processes to give its clients an edge over competition. They are an SEI CMMI Level 5 assessed and ISO 27001 certified company based in Pune, India. Based on a remarkable record of quality, consistency, and outstanding technological prowess, they have partnered with more than 200 global software houses of fine repute. Their array of services includes Product Engineering (OPD), Enterprise Business Solutions, Value Added Services and Idea Incubation Services. Headquartered in Pune, they also have offices in Hyderabad and Gandhinagar in India and a development center in Redmond, Washington and marketing and business development offices in New Jersey, Georgia, California, and Texas in the USA and London, UK. Its domain expertise spans across several business verticals such as Media and Entertainment, Travel and Hospitality, Healthcare and Life Sciences, Retail, Security, Legal and Telecom. It has seven defined technology focused CoEs-eCommerce, Enterprise Mobility, Customer Relationship Management, Business Intelligence, Enterprise Content Management, Cloud Computing and Supply Chain Management. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details