TITLE: Direct Sales Executive for Imported Bath Accessories, Hyderabad

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidates of field sales from any industry are encouraged. Two wheeler is mandatory. Proper training would be provided. To Meet Architects, Builders, Contractors & Interior Designers in building material industry. Convince clients and generate leads. Follow up with customers on invoicing/billing and timely collections. Increasing business opportunities through various routes of market. Engage in techno-commercial discussions with Purchase functions of customers. Coordination with internal functions for achieving dispatch of target orders. Build strong relationship with Customers and Influences across all levels. Achieve agreed sales and collection targets. Salary: Best in Industry Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills sanitaryware building materials sales marketing direct sales credit card insurance demat a c Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Aparna Enterprises Limited Aparna Enterprises Limited is a 25 year old company with an excellent track record in distribution of building materials and is one of the largest Tile Distribution companies in India. The company is associated with every landmark project in Andhra Pradesh during the past fifteen years and is known to provide quality materials and timely service. With its own exclusive showrooms in all the major cities of Andhra Pradesh and more than 20,000 sq.mts of centralized warehouse facility, the company has established itself as a major building material supplier and continues to expand and diversify. The company is promoted by Mr. SS Reddy, a marketing professional ably assisted by a team of qualified and experienced professionals. The company has diversified into construction of luxury residential space, in and around Hyderabad, and currently handles projects, valued at around Rs.3000 crores, that are under various stages of execution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details