TITLE: Manager -safety ( Kadappa)

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To advise the concerned departments in a factory in planning and organizing measures necessary for the effective control of personal injuries. To check and evaluate the effectiveness of the action taken or proposed to be taken to prevent personal injuries. Â To advise on safety aspects in all job studies, and to carry out detailed job safety studies of selected jobs. To advise the purchasing and the stores department in ensuring high quality and availability of personal protective equipment. Â Â To provide advice on matters related to carrying out plant safety inspections. To carry out plant safety inspections in order to observe the physical conditions of work and the work practices and procedures followed by the workers and to render advice on measures to be adopted for removing unsafe physical conditions and preventing unsafe actions by workers. Â To render advice on matters related to reporting and investigating of industrial accidents and diseases. Â To investigate selected accidents. Â To investigate the case of industrial diseases contracted and dangerous occurrences under rule 96. To advice on the maintenance of such records as are necessary relating to accidents, dangerous occurrences and industrialÂ diseases. To promote setting up of safety committees and act as adviser and catalyst to such committees. To organize in association with the concerned departments Campaigns, competitions, contests and other activities which will develop and maintain the interest of the workers in establishing and maintaining safe conditions of work and procedures and To design and conduct either independently or in collaboration with the training department, suitable training and educationalÂ Â programmes for the prevention of personal injuries.Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Safety/Health/Environment Role:Safety Officer/Manager Keyskills Environment Stores Purchase Education safety Desired Candidate Profile To ensure that the safety officer shall be to advise and assist the factory management in the fulfillment of its obligation, statutory or otherwise, concerning prevention of personal injuries and maintaining a safe working environment.Should have independently handled the Safety systems of a Cement plant for at least 7 years.Training workmen & Staff on safety,Knowledge of safety systems like OHSAS,ISO,Dupont Safety systemsSafety Statistics & records,Knowledge on Electrical safety interested willing to relocate with family & company provide semi furnished house in the colony of the plant Company Profile: Dalmia Bharat Limited Dalmia cement is one of the pioneer in cement,refractory and sugar manufacturing company across the country Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details