TITLE: Salesforce Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Expert knowledge of Salesforce.com Experience in Visual Force, Apex, Triggers, Workflows, Web Services. Sound understanding of SOQL, SOSL, HTML, XML, CSS, JSP, Javascript, WSDL and SOAP. Experience gathering requirements, writing functional specifications, and interfacing with business and end users. Excellent writing skills required to write and maintain documentation. Strong experience generating Reports/ Dashboards Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sfdc salesforce apex visualforce visual force triggers workflow Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd. About Collabera Collabera is ranked amongst the top 10 Information Technology (IT) staffing firms in the U.S., with more than $550 million in sales revenue and a global presence that represents approximately 12,000+ professionals across North America (U.S., Canada), Asia Pacific (India, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia) and the United Kingdom. We support our clients with a strong recruitment model and a sincere commitment to their success, which is why more than 75% of our clients rank us amongst their top three staffing suppliers. Not only are we committed to meeting and exceeding our customer's needs, but also are committed to our employees' satisfaction as well. We believe our employees are the cornerstone of our success and we make every effort to ensure their satisfaction throughout their tenure with Collabera. As a result of these efforts, we have been recognized by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA) as the "Best Staffing Firm to Work For" for five consecutive years since 2012. Collabera has over 40 offices across the globe with a presence in seven countries and provides staff augmentation, managed services and direct placement services to global 2000 corporations. For consultants and employees, Collabera offers an enriching experience that promotes career growth and lifelong learning. Visit www.collabera.com to learn more about our latest job openings. Awards and Recognitions --Staffing Industry Analysts: Best Staffing Firm to Work For (2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012) --Staffing Industry Analysts: Largest U.S. Staffing Firms (2016, 2015, 2014, 2013) --Staffing Industry Analysts: Largest Minority Owned IT Staffing Firm in the US. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details