TITLE: Designer 2

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: UX Designer II Are you looking to be a part of a thriving business while working on products that touches the lives of over MANY million users across the WORLD every day and the potential to touch over a billion Do you have a passion for user experience and building software scenarios for REAL people through innovation, creativity, attention to detail and simplicity Then this is the team you should be a part of. A unique opportunity exists to join an established, innovative, multi- disciplinary UX team at Microsoft India Development Center (MSIDC) , we are a centralized, interdisciplinary user experience team with both research and design. We see design as beginning with the conception of the product and iterating throughout the release cycle, not a veneer to be applied at the end. Ideally this is an individual with an aptitude for the creation of new paradigms, and a history of driving successful, game changing design. We are looking for a UX Designer, who knows the difference between GOOD and GREAT designs; someone who is able to work with ALL disciplines while driving design directions from conceptual development through final implementation. A talented designer who is rock solid in design principles, with problem solving skills and potential, big picture focus and leadership qualities. We re defining various new categories of products, so imaginative design collaboration from the beginning will be essential. An ideal candidate should be able to: Drive the design of our products from initial concept through to final implementation Design something ridiculously blue- sky OR something immediately implementable Lay it on the line by owning the success or failure of the User Experience Understand how to evangelize and use research to drive design decisions Function in a diverse, friendly and highly technical environment and keep their cool too. Negotiate for the best UX without be dogmatic Juggle ambiguity without drowning in it Communicate, specify and describe their designs to researchers, developers, testers, PMs, senior leadership and other designers without ambiguity and within deadline What will you do Projects usually start from scratch and require both conceptual and detailed design thinking. This means defining user goals, scenarios, benefits, and flows as well as conceptual designs and prototypes. Typically, these designs are holistic in nature, focusing on the end- to- end experience more than any specific feature (s) . You will work in a design team and work closely with a team of software engineers, product managers, and program managers in a highly collaborative environment. A command of a wide range of tools and methods, and the ability to communicate ideas quickly and interactively are essential. In this role, concepts will be illrated through sketches, mock- ups, wireframes, and rapid prototypes. A passion for our comers and creating great product experiences is a m!! An ideal candidate should have 4 years of experience in product design/ indrial design/ interaction design Education qualification that is either an MA/ MS in interface design, indrial design or highly related field, OR a BA/ BS in interaction, indrial design with significant indry experience. Championed the creation of a multi- year UX vision for multiple products or product lines Passion for design and strong command of visual design capabilities, including composition, layout information hierarchy, typography and color. Experience creatively solving hard problems; shipping innovative and complex products within deadlines Proven ability to innovate for new markets Proven experience driving complex design issues across multidisciplinary groups such as Development, Test, Program Management, other designers and research. User- centric approach to design and working understanding of how to apply user research data Proficiency with a range of interaction design, visualization, and rapid design prototyping tools Developed and documented detailed user experience specifications for highly interactive interfaces Designed portfolio demonstrating both creative thinking and the delivery of solid end to end scenarios Knowledge of various user research methodologies such as field research, survey creation, and of benchmarking studies is highly desirable. Ability to use humor and energy to keep the momentum going! . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills development microsoftinterfaces layoutproduct design ux shipping Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details