TITLE: Career Opportunities for MBBS Doctors with Olivaclincs

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Join the Leaders, Lead the Future..!! Career opportunities with "OLIVA CLINICS No 1 Skin and Hair Clinic" . The Fastest Evolving Medico Cosmetic Clinic in South India. Oliva clinics is looking for a bright MBBS Doctors with min three years of experience Â for full time job in Hyderabad . Excellent scope for (Experienced MBBS Doctors, Female) to offering client services, supervise and execute advanced hair & skin cosmetic procedures to be carried out at the clinic. About our clinics A Clinic and a Team of Doctors Who Understand Beauty A medico-aesthetic clinic that focuses on leveraging advances in medicine to make you look more beautiful and youthful. Oliva has created an advanced facility that has Qualified Cosmetic Dermatologists & Trichologists, Skin & Hair Therapists, and advanced equipment that brings to you the best of what aesthetic medicine has to offer. Our medico-aesthetic approach is one of its kind. We bring to you the aesthetics of beauty and the science of medical knowledge as a single unified service under one roof. Interested applicants can apply through Naukri or by mailing CV to hr@olivaclinic.com For direct contact: Call us on +91-9000269345 Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Medical Officer Keyskills Skin Hair aesthetic MBBS Apollo Kims Yashodha Hospitals continental fortis Global Care Gandhi Medical officer DMO Nims Star duty doctor omini sunshine sun shine PGDCC Kamineni PGDCD ILAMED FAM Doctor Client Servicing Desired Candidate Profile MBBS, PGDCC, FAM,PGDCD.Good communication skills.Ability to connect well to clients.Will to work full time(Day shifts only)Desire to work with Cosmetic DermatologistsWilling to learn Cosmetic Dermatology.Willing to execute advanced hair & skin cosmetic procedures. Education- UG: MBBS - Medicine PG:Other, Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Oliva Hair & Skin Clinics A brief overview of Oliva. * Over the last seven years, fastest growing startup, as a retail chain of Skin and Hair care clinics in India * Oliva Skin and Hair Clinic has been ranked amongst the top healthcare providers for Dermatology and Trichology in a Times of India Survey this year. India's leading English daily has ranked Oliva #1 under Trichology and Dermatology in Hyderabad, while in the Bangalore market they have been ranked #2 for Dermatology. * Dermatologically driven medico cosmetic centers. * Largest team of qualified dermats and trichologists compared in organisations of its size. * More than 40% of employees have been with the company for more than 5 years. * Employee friendly culture with focus on high growth. * Has been invested into by an investment major that specializes in wellness retail and had multiple successful exits, on record. * Full-fledged in house support teams, in all aspects of business value chain. * Presence of a strong Leadership team to lead the various functions of the business and adding more professional strength to it. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details