TITLE: Global Pharma Company is Looking Expert Process Development Injectable

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Educational Qualifications & Experience Required: Maters in Pharmacy/ Chemical Engineering / Ph.D. with 10+ years experience in Process Development/ Formulations R&D/Product Development. Key Responsibilities: Process Development and Execution: Exhibit deep expertise of sterile (oncology, hormonal) dosage forms, in the areas of process development, technology transfer and execution. Interact with CMOs, CROs in China for GXP aspects. Should be able to guide projects to delivery and have excellent problem solving skills. Provide inputs on equipment & process with reference to facilities and equipment at various manufacturing and R&D locations in India and China. Formulation Development: Develop robust and scalable formulations process while ensuring timely product launch. Should have good understanding of Lyophilization , aseptic processing , oncology, hormonal products process development. Analytical Chemistry: Demonstrate ability to select appropriate methodologies for processing of raw data. Exposure to method development and validation procedures with basic understanding of DoE/QbD principles. Integrated Drug Development: Exhibit ability to drive high quality process improvements and project strategies across multiple stages of drug development process within projects under purview (focus on China geography). Leverage Organizational and market knowledge for prioritization / optimization of product portfolio for China geography/product group through interventions (e.g. common drug development). Regulatory & Compliance: Possesses knowledge of previous regulatory submissions, interprets regulatory guidelines and related changes to identify and mitigate regulatory risks for products to be transferred. Displays ability to anticipate safety related risks & drive proactive implementation of mitigation procedures to ensure SHE compliance. Key Behavioral Attributes: Result Orientation: Should be able to guide projects to delivery and have excellent problem solving skills. Takes ownership of achieving team's objectives in a timely manner and is able to foster a culture of on-time delivery. Willingness to travel. Operating Network: Internal: FR&D Tech Leads, Experts, Delivery Managers, AR&D, Project Managers/PMO, RA, Sourcing, Production, MSAT, QA/QC, FTL, SHE. External: Equipment vendors, API/Excipient vendors, CROs/CMOs, Consultants. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills Pharma Technology Transfer Process Development Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy Doctorate:Ph.D - Advertising/Mass Communication Company Profile: BVR People Consulting Global Pharma Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details