TITLE: Immediate Opening for Java Developer, 3+ Yrs, Bangalore & Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from ASAP Info Systems!!!!!!!!! We have an immediate opening for for Java Developer, 3+ Yrs, Bangalore & Hyderabad Mode: Contract to Hire Exp: 3+ Yrs. Notice Period: We are looking for Immediate joiners only. Its very urgent project. Please find below the job description. Job Description: Should have hands on experience in Java/J2EE Development. Should have hands on experience in Spring & Hibernate. Should have hands on experience in Oracle database. Should have good communication skills. Interested candidates kindly send your updated resume along with recent pay slips of all your organizations to durgadevi@asapinfosystems.com. Note:Candidate should be available for F2F with prior intimation in respective TCS offices & pay slips are mandatory. Thanks & Regards, Devi K ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. 5th floor, Sathsurya Complex, Plot no 55, Kavuri hills main road, Above Cybercity Building Diagonally Opp to Madhapur police station Hyderabad, Telangana 500033 durgadevi@asapinfosystems.com , www.asapinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java j2ee servlets java j2ee spring hibernate jsp jsf Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 12 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics. ASAP understands the critical challenges Industry is facing to build and retain the talent pool and have complete range of people supply chain services to allow the customer to focus on the core business making them more productive. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details