TITLE: Team Lead - Global Workforce Screening- GSIC

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Security & Investigations protects the firm's employees and assets throughout the world. This responsibility includes the development of security and safety policies and procedures, regulatory and legislative compliance, security guard management and alarm response, crisis management, ATM, branch and corporate building security and customer safety, physical crime investigations, workplace violence, fire and life safety, executive protection, employment screening, security operations on a global basis and fraud investigations. The Global Workforce Screening Team Lead position is an individual contributor as a direct report to the Global Security & Investigations manager in- country; with dotted line reporting to regional Global Workforce Screening management. The Team Lead will oversee day- to- day operations for existing JPMC employees who are undergoing JPMC global screening process. Additionally, processing system access requests and managing fingerprint data for employees/ candidates. The role partners with regional leads and business partners across the global organization to aid in strategic corporate governance. The ideal candidate will have relevant experience and lead the team to success. Responsibilities: &bull; Manage day- to- day operations &bull; Provide continuous communication and feedback to team members &bull; Maintain metrics, measure SLA and manage overall volume &bull; Effectively address escalations/ issues &bull; Proactively inform management of issues Ensure quality standards are met; identify additional training needs Manage procedure and change management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills operation s financial services microsoft coaching development change management security operation s atm Desired Candidate Profile 3- 5 years relevant work experience in the Financial Services industry Strong ability to provide ongoing coaching and feedback Experience updating and adhering to procedures Outstanding leadership and partnership building skills Work effectively with colleagues and senior management Strong interpersonal and verbal/ written communication skills Proficient in Microsoft package, specifically Excel Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details