TITLE: Exide Life Insurance- Sales Manager-tied Agency Channel

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Sales Manager - Tied Agency Channel, Exide Life Insurance Min Graduate with min 6months of experience in sales 30% hike on last salary guaranteed Max Salary 3.5 lacs Required: 10+2+3 or graduates, localites, open to frontline sales JOB DESCRIPTION: - Please find Job description for the position Sales Manager -: 1. Building Agency - Identify and recruit potential advisors (Ex: House Wife, 1. Retired Person, Students, Any Family Members, Unemployed etc). 2. Driving Sales - Achieve expected sales target on a consistent basis through own team of advisors. 3. Manage team performance and productivity - Continuously review performance and improve productivity of the team. 4. Leadership - Provide leadership and management to the team of Advisors. 5. Mentoring and Training - Provide training and monitor developmental needs of advisors in the team, provide feedback on advisors" performance. 6. Involves attending sales calls (outside the office), 30 percent hike on last salary Maximum salary upto 3.5 LPA. Monthly Incentives, Abroad Trips, Gratuity, PF and lots of other benefits. Eligibility: The only criteria is candidate genuinely willing to do sales Interested candidates may contact for interview dates on the given contact details:Â Contact Person: Radhika Â (HR) Contact No. 9160767848 Email:- radhika.c100564@exidelife.in Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. attractive incentives, allowances and bonus and internationals tours Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Team Management Life Insurance Agency Channel Insurance Sales tied sales sales business development insurance direct sales Institutional Sales corporate sales b2b sales b2b marketing business to business sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Exide Life Insurance Company Limited Exide Life Insurance Company Limited Exide Life Insurance Company Limited (formerly ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited) commenced operations in 2001 and is head quartered in Bangalore. The company is profitable and serves over 10 lakh customers across India and manages over INR 8000 cores in assets. The company is 100% owned by Exide Industries Limited and is proud to be part of a 100 year old brand heritage in India. Exide Life Insurance, one of the leading life insurance companies in South India, is now growing its franchise in other parts of the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details