TITLE: Sales Associate

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Sales and Marketing Associate will also be conducting product demonstrations for prospective customers and will develop into a product expert and advocate Own overall relationship with clients, which include: Increasing adoption, ensuring retention, and satisfaction. Establish a trusted/strategic advisor relationship with each assigned client and drive continued value of our products and services. Develop, prepare, and nurture customers for advocacy. Work with clients to establish critical goals, or other key performance indicators and aid the customer in achieving their goals. Reporting and Metrics: Track and report on performance metrics, using this data to continually optimize campaign performance. Review and analyze activities and processes to refine the marketing mix and budget spend. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Associate Sales Marketing Associate Marketing client relationship management Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications: BS/B-Tech degree required. Analytical and able to derive meaning from various sources and large amounts of data Proven self-starter with results-driven personality. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Detail oriented and analytical. Desire to work at a fast-paced start-up. Should be eager to learn. Ability to work collaboratively with remote team members The right person for this role is a self-starter with strong analytical intelligence, a quick learner and believes strongly in testing and measuring results. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: My Ally - Startup My Ally (formerly Skedool.it) is a smart personal assistant services company that is currently focused on scheduling. Alex is your smart personal assistant that efficiently and promptly handles your day to day scheduling needs. We are currently inviting users to sign up for our private beta. Please check us out at www.myally.ai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details