TITLE: Engineer (or) Assistant Engineer - Civil

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this B.E /Diploma in civil engineering with 2 to 7 Years of experience in construction of High-Rise residential buildings and High-End Villas in Real Estate and Property Development companies of repute. Should have experience in finishing works including Tile works. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Residential Keyskills Residential Construction Civil Engineering Property Real Estate Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma - Civil, B.Tech/B.E. - Civil PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Aparna Constructions Aparna Constructions, an ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001 :2004, OHSAS 18001:2007 certified company, is a leading real estate developer in Hyderabad. Since 1996, Aparna has completed and delivered 28 projects comprising fully-integrated Gated Community Villas, Premium Apartments and 3 Commercial Projects - spread over 15 million Sft. Aparna has delivered 5 Residential Plot projects spread over 1 .32 million Sq. Yards. These projects are widely recognized for their path-breaking innovations, continuously surpassing industry standards and many of which have become Landmark communities. Aparna will deliver some of the new Gated Communities & Residential Plots in 2016 & early 2017 spread over 6.5 million Sft. & 0.24 million Sq. Yards respectively. Also, in pipeline are 3 Gated communities spread over 8 million Sft. Aparna projects are developed with an unwavering vision to offer a sustainable balance between affordability and luxury with global standards of construction and environmental responsibility. Aparna unparalleled success is built on customer relationships. Accordingly, we have set the highest standards in the area of customer care and Aparna believes in honesty, integrity and transparency in every aspect of business. Aparna ultimate goal is to deliver value through excellence every time, without compromise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details