TITLE: Global IT Procurement Manager

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Level - T4/T5 , Procurement Overall job purpose Develop and execute category strategy for IT & Telecom.Achieve business savings and value. Responsible for IT procurement (including Hardware, Software, Services & Telco). Responsible for Contract review, management and negotiation. Negotiate the MSA, Services level agreement along with general terms and conditions. Manage IT & Telecom RFI/P end to end process inclusive of compilation, analysis, stakeholder management, vendor selection and contracting within timescales. Work positively with stakeholders at all levels and build relationships on a global basis. Manage a range of sourcing projects when necessary. Analysis of spend within the category to ensure category decisions are effective and yield savings. Effectively manage compliance within the mobile and Telecom category. Lead the sourcing activity directly and have proven experience delivering savings themselves whilst this is a manager grade reason ability, this role is not managing people directly. Sourcing,Project management and co-ordination. Stakeholder Management . Salary: As per industry standards Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Sourcing Global Procurement Buyer Activities Planning Category Management IT procurement Contract management contract administration Desired Candidate Profile Â We hire the best.....................Approximately 8 - 12 years of Proven sourcing experience.Graduate /Post Graduate with experience in procurement domain.Ability to negotiate the MSA, Services level agreement and general terms and condition.Track record of leading tenders with a value over 500k each and delivering 20% + savings.Work in Global Organisations and within a matrix structure .Fluent English written and oral is essential.Advanced PC skills including Excel, Word, PowerPoint.Experience in analysis and problem resolution.Ariba or on-line procurement tools (preferred not essential) .Procurement certification like CIPS or ISM ( preferred not essential).Proven ability and experience with managing UK and or US stakeholders up to Director level is essential.Team player with strong customer service skills.Demonstrate flexibility in style and approach to problem solving.Strong analytical and organisation skillsAbility to work to tight deadlines.Able to work on multiple assignments.Individual contributorIf you would like to be a part of our team, please forward your CV at nidhi.negi@ngahr.com with respective Job code as subject line and answer to following questions1. Current CTC & Expected CTC :2. Notice Period:3. Willingness to relocate to Kochi or Hyderabad: Yes/No4. Why are you looking out for change from present organization: Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: NGA HR India Pvt Ltd NGA HR India Pvt Ltd NGA HR India Pvt Ltd NGA Human Resources is a global leader in helping organizations transform their business-critical HR operations to deliver more effective and efficient people-critical services. We help our clients become better employers through smarter, more streamlined business processes - to save money, manage employee life cycles, and support globally connected, agile organizations. This is how NGA makes HR work. What sets us apart is The NGA Advantage. It's a combination of deep HR experience and insight, advanced technology platforms and applications and a global portfolio of flexible service delivery options. NGA is uniquely positioned to help HR leaders realize the true value of workforce management. We combine a focus on customer value with many years of experience in HR consulting, HR outsourcing and HR technology. This is the core of our business and why we are recognized as a leader in the global HR solutions market. Our 8,500 employees are dedicated to delivering excellence through HR consulting, HR outsourcing and HR technology. As a recognized global HR services leader, we have offices in 35 countries on five continents, supporting customers in more than 100 countries. Over 1,000 ERP-based HR implementations globally 3,000 Large Enterprise customers 10,000 Small and Medium customers Over 20% of FORTUNE Global 500 companies serviced Offices in 35 countries on five continents HR and payroll services delivered in more than 100 countries 30% of UK working population are paid by NGA's solutions totalling 54 million payslips produced per annum servicing 19 million UK workers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details