TITLE: Sr. Java Developer - H1B Valid/ Cap Exempt - Onsite Opportunity

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description (with desired skills): 5+ years Java and J2EE related technologies H1B/Cap Exempt are preferred. Good to have knowledge and hands on Web services,XML, XSD,WSDL and SOAP, PL/SQLand Spring Frame work. Good verbal and written communication skills Required profile: Java Developer to design, develop, document and test a web based healthcare system using Java/J2EE technologies including but not limited Core Java, JSP and Servlets, Struts 1.2/2.0, Hibernate, SQL, JQuery, JUnit, Ant / Maven. Salary: Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills JSP Servlets Hibernate Core Java Spring Framework Struts J2Ee Maven JUnit Ant SOAP IBM Integrated Bus ESB Enterprise service bus Desired Candidate Profile Experience Interpreting Interface DesignExperience using IBM Integrated Bus (formerly known as Websphere Message Broker) including: Web services, MQ Messaging, XML message transformations, Data mapping, Integration with IBM WSRR, File transferJ2EE framework and design patternsExperience with JSF development, JSF 2.0+Javascript, CSS, HTML, and JQueryEclipse, IBM RAD or similarWebsphere application servers or equalExperience with build and deployment tools like Maven, ANT/Cruise ControlExperience using version control systems like CA-SCM, SVN, or CVSPerforming code reviews and automate reviewsExperience with test automation and scripted testing using tools such as SeleniumExperience conducting performance profiling and tuningExperience with Object-oriented programming (OOP)Experience with service-oriented architectures (SOA)Federal Interface experience (e.g., Federal Data Services Hub and CMS related) preferred but not Mandatory.IE/HIX/Public Sector experience. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: S2TECH.COM INDIA PVT LTD S2Tech is a fast growing Inc. 500, Global IT Services Company serving the needs of our clients in different technology areas in diverse industry sectors. Founded by an experienced technology professional in 1997, S2Tech today has a client base located across the US and an enthusiastic and talented team of technology professionals working on a wide variety of projects. S2Tech offers IT solutions for clients through a range of services including time and material consulting services, project services and offshore development services.S2Tech is now a CMMI ML3 appraised company focussing on the quality of the client deliverables and delighting them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details