TITLE: Executive - Accounts

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Responsible for analysing ledger - Responsible for handling day to day accounting activities - Responsible for preparation of Monthly MIS - Responsible for preparing Bank Reconciliation statement - Responsible for preparation of vouchers and bill passing Freshers also can apply.... Walk in between 26th Dec 2016Â Address:Â Suguna Foods Private Limited, Plot No: 9, 4th Floor, Anuradha Complex, Central Park, Kompally,Secunderbad - 500100. Mobile: 7680901159 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills Accounting Bank Reconciliation Statement Vouchers Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:M.Com - Commerce Company Profile: Suguna Foods Limited Over a period of 30 years, Suguna Food Private Limited has gone from strength to strength and has become a Rs. 5350+ crore company that makes it India's No. 1 broiler producer. Along the way, Suguna's pioneering efforts in contract farming helped create thousands of rural entrepreneurs who share the growth successfully. 'Poultry Integration' introduced and pioneered by Suguna in the country has energized the livelihoods of farmers in rural India. Suguna ranks among the top ten poultry companies worldwide. With operations in 11 states across India, it offers a range of poultry products and services. The fully integrated operations cover broiler and layer farming, hatcheries, feed mills, processing plants, vaccines and exports. Suguna markets live broiler chicken, value added eggs, ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook chicken products. With the intent to provide consumers with fresh, clean and hygienic packed chicken, Suguna has set up a chain of modern retail outlets in the name of 'Daily Fressh'. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details