TITLE: Lead - Data Scientist - R / Python/ Scala- IIT / IIIT / NIT, IISc

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Lead Data Scientist position provides strategic thinking across client engagements and leads efforts and projects to design and foster innovative ideas for challenging problems and develop advanced analytical solutions. This position supervises a team of analysts/ data scientists and works closely with clients to plan, execute and evaluate a broad range of strategic Data Analytics initiatives. Key Responsibilities - Lead a team of data scientists to develop & deliver step change innovations for our customers & business, leveraging data sciences, responsible for executing limited projects. - Engage with project stakeholders & evangelize data driven decision making capabilities. - Understand the business requirement and outline data science solution - Handle large data sets, perform statistical analysis and presenting results. - Evaluate broad range of strategic analytics initiatives, track emerging data science trends, and lead the team to leverage the optimum solution for execution. - Provide methodological support, mentoring and training to the team. - Support business with client documentation and provide POV with the latest trends and developments in the analytics field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Data Scientist Python Scala HP Vertica Teradata EMC Greenplum Hadoop MapReduce Hive HBase Mongo DB. Desired Candidate Profile Eligibility:- Must have Min 3 years experience as a Lead Data Scientist or Senior Data Scientist.- A total of 10 years- proven experience in data & data-driven strategies and analytics, carrying out statistical and mathematical modelling, solving complex business problems and delivering innovative solutions using state of the art tools and cutting edge technologies for big data & beyond.- 8 years in Statistical/Mathematical modelling along with good understanding of various analytic solutions platforms- Proficient in Machine Learning. Focus on Sensor data an added advantage- Very strong demonstrated skills in programing in R, Python, Scala, SparkOther Key Skills Required:- Big data technology awareness: Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, HBase, Mongo DB.- Big Data appliances: HP Vertica, Teradata, EMC Greenplum/Isilon- Working knowledge of BI tools (Tableau/D3/Microstrategy)EDUCATIONM.Tech or Master's degree in Mechanical, Industrial Engineering, Electrical & Electronics, Aeronautical, Computer Science or Statistics.Candidates from IIT, IIIT, NIT, IISc. and Ph. D candidates are preferred. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Aviation, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Mechanical, Production/Industrial, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Computers, Statistics, Industrial & Systems Engineering Doctorate:Ph.D Company Profile: Husys Leading client of Husys Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details