TITLE: Client Acquisition Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Being active on social media and keeping a track of latest and trending news and YouTube channels. Contacting creators/short film makers to tie up with Tamada Media for future production Should be able to handle existing clients through emails and calls Tieing up with new creators/short film producers to market and brand their content through Tamada media Handling FB pages and other social media pages of our production team Searching and updating marketing platforms for creators content. Acquiring new talent. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing Executive Keyskills Marketing Client Acquisition Social Media social networking talent acquisition online marketing talent management talent development production Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization, Communication, English, Film, Fine Arts, PR/Advertising, BFA - Any Specialization PG:M.A - Any Specialization Company Profile: Tamada Media Private Limited We are a new media and digital entertainment company and is one of the biggest networks on Youtube clocking over 80 Million views every month on the platform through all its content partners. Our primary strength lies in marketing and monetizing content on Youtube and also producing short format content for the same. Our partners include some of the biggest South Indian Production Houses, Music Labels and TV Channels. Along with these content owners Tamada Media also has its foray into producing and marketing original content, either by producing this in-house(Runway Studios) or by partnering with other YouTube's creators. Tamada also has its own digital media page called Wirally. Wirally is one of the signature destination from Tamada Media. Wirally is where you discover and engage with stories and topics of larger interest, With over million pageviews per month it is one of the fastest growing digital platform in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details