TITLE: Phoenix Commodities Hiring Intern for Temporary Role

SKILLS: Export

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is only for a Temporary Role ( 2-3 Months)Â Must have good communication skills Â Must be a Graduate(Bsc/B.com) Â Understanding and practical knowledge of Excel(Must) Â Data entry in system.Â Â Should be cool headed and must be able to handle pressure. Should join immediately. Salary would be 8k-10k (Not Negotiable) Walkins are between 10:00AM-2:00PM ONLY. Salary: 8k-10k Industry: Export / Import Functional Area: Export , Import , Merchandising Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Data Entry excel data processing Desired Candidate Profile We are expecting only interested candidates who:Must have good communication skills. Must be a Graduate(Bsc/B.com). Understanding and practical knowledge of ExcelÂ (Must). Data entry in system. Should be cool headed and must be able to handle pressure.Should join immediately(within2/3 days). Education- UG: B.Sc - Computers, B.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Phoenix Global Trade Solutions Pvt. Ltd Intern/ Trainee for Temporary Basis Phoenix is a global value chain manager of commodities in the food staples and natural resources industries. Our company was originally founded with the goal of becoming a key player in the global rice business. We've grown far beyond this initial focal point over the years, with numerous partners in the commodities industry and market presence across the globe. The company's offices pan the regions of South East Asia (Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia), South Asia (India), Middle East (UAE, Djibouti, Yemen), East Africa (Kenya, Uganda, and Mozambique), Southern Africa (South Africa), West Africa (Senegal, Ivory Coast, Togo, Cameroon), Central Africa Americas (USA, Brazil), Australia and CIS (Ukraine, Moldova, Russia). In the food staples business, we are involved in the global flow of rice (including premium rice), sugar, and other agri. In the natural resources business, we are involved in the global flow of steam coal, iron ore. Working across the flows from upstream and midstream to downstream, Phoenix offers an end-to-end model that manages commodities with seamless coordination, providing our clients with a competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details