TITLE: Software Engineer II (production Engineer II)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you a great software engineer who would like to shape the next- gen content experience for the Microsoft Dynamics 365 comer engagement product suite If so, come join our small but mighty Content Publishing team responsible for creating engaging and informative content that includes: Next- gen, in- product user assistance Videos and eBooks Content for web and mobile Product UI text, wireframes and mockups Public- facing Dynamics 365 Help & Training portals In this role, you will maintain and extend our content publishing platform, and to support writers and editors in developing a variety of content types, including Help, SDK, web articles, and printable guides. We are looking for an accomplished and versatile content production engineer who s interested in working closely with Doc Leads, Writers, Editors, and Localization Engineers to participate in all phases of the production process. The ideal candidate understands content creation and web publishing end to end; is passionate about tools, technology, and automation; and genuinely thrives on looking for new and interesting ways to solve complex publishing challenges. We re looking for an engineer who is adept at problem- solving and leveraging internal and external resources to accomplish tasks. The ideal candidate has extensive experience with content publishing, content management, and production processes for structured content in a hands- on work environment. The candidate should also have experience as a primary technical lead for troubleshooting issues in the production and publishing environments. This person m understand the needs of the writing team, be assertive enough to enforce the writing team s high content standards and outgoing enough to build strong working relationships with other groups, such as PM, UX, Test, and International Engineering. Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to proactively drive resolution of content and tools issues are a m. Core responsibilities Coordinate with Content Publishing, Program Management, Development, and Test teams to define content production processes, requirements, and schedules. Work with Operations and Doc Leads to release content to the web, including the Microsoft Dynamics CRM Resource Center, MSDN, TechNet, and Downloads Center. Adopt, employ, and develop tools and processes to increase web publishing agility and drive key performance indicators (conversion, engagement, site optimization testing , search engine optimization, page views, etc.) . Develop/ maintain post- processing tools/ utilities for deliverable types not natively supported by DxStudio (web pages) . Build and check in built content to product code branches. Develop automation for necessary content processes, such as build, check- in, handoff, and SEO processes. Work with Dev/ Test to develop and implement hooks for test automation scripts for content deliverables. Work with international project (localization) engineers to ensure international sufficiency and localizability of content deliverable designs. Package and hand off content for localization. Troubleshoot publishing and content production issues and drive resolution across teams. Administer CPub team servers (physical host machines, file servers, virtual machines, databases, backups, etc.) . Maintain technical process (internal) instructions and provide technical guidance to writers and editors. Qualifications 5 years of experience demonstrating project- management skills with the ability to drive results in a complex, multi- site (such as MSDN and TechNet) , multi- stakeholder publishing environment. 5 years of experience working with XML and web content (CSS, XSLT, XHTML, HTML, ASPX, JavaScript, etc.) . 5 years of experience administering and configuring content management systems (CMS) , such as CAPS or DxStudio, including implementation of styles, object templates, and output templates. Experience building and publishing content in ASPX, HTML, XML, CHM, HXS, print (Microsoft Word) , and other formats. Experience writing automation utilities using batch files, C#, VB or other languages (C# preferred) . 5 years of experience working with and maintaining SQL Server databases. 5 years of experience developing and maintaining content infrastructure that is global- ready and localizable. Excellent oral and written communication skills with experience producing solid technical and project documentation, such as functional specifications, business requirement documents and wiki pages for team information. Experience establishing processes and documenting best practices. Be a self- starter with excellent problem solving skills and the ability to execute despite ambiguity. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and tasks, prioritize competing deadlines, and work effectively under pressure. Demonstrated technical competence and the ability to learn new technologies quickly. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, collaborating effectively with peers and partners to drive for results. A portfolio of work samples demonstrating capabilities - ideally with web and comer statistics to show impact - will be requested. About our team Microsoft Dynamics 365 includes a complete comer engagement productivity suite built on a flexible platform, and is continuing to expand with new products. We are making substantial investments in building / integrating mobile, social, and communications technologies and modern user experiences. We are an agile team, and we deliver in a fast- paced Software Services environment. Our current products include: Microsoft Dynamics 365 (online and on- premises) Learning Path for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Microsoft Dynamics Marketing Microsoft Social Engagement Microsoft Dynamics 365 Gamification This Dynamics 365 Content Publishing team delivers a learning layer inside the main Dynamics 365 product, web portals (including: Dynamics 365 Help & Training, Marketing Help Center, Social Engagement Help Center) , and videos on a YouTube channel. Here is one of our playlists: CRM 2016 Products Wave Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript sql server development seo vb crm automation xhtml xslt cms Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details