TITLE: Bpo/call Center/live Chat Support Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As an Inbound Customer Chat Representative, you will have the following duties and responsibilities: Respond to inbound chats inquires and effectively consult customers regarding products Refer to internet and supporting websites provided during training to assist the potential customer with questions related to beauty products You will be chatting with up to three (3) customers at the same time Qualifications: Must be fluent in English, also holding a degree in English. Must be able to type 50 WPM with 0 errors Must be proficient on the computer which includes being able to navigate around the web Must be motivated and sales driven Ability to resource product information via tools that are provided Interpersonal skills and strong communication skills is a must Must be able to multitask (remember, you will be taking 3 chats at a time) Chat experienced a plus. Assessment baseline required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills BPO Call Center Inbound Calling Strong Communication Skills Interpersonal Skills Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.A - English, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:M.A - Any Specialization, English Company Profile: Medology Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Medology is based out of the USA. We are involved in the healthcare technology domain. We have currently have multiple offices in Texas with 50+ employees. We are looking for BPO/Call Center/Live Chat Support Associates who can join our core team at our new office at Jubilee Hills Hyderabad. We offer easy, accessible and cost-effective online medical solutions optimized for the digital age. We are very excited to meet you! Please apply with your updated resume! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details