TITLE: Structural Design Engineer (industrial Buildings)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Please find below details of the Job Opening. Position: Structural Design Engineer Location: Global Engineering Services Centre, Hyderabad Minimum Qualification: Bachelor Degree in Engineering (Civil) and Masters in Structures Years of Experience: 4 9 Years Type of Experience Required: Design experience in an EPC firm/consultancy with proficiency in industrial steel and concrete structures including all types of foundations. Experience in process industries is preferred. Good experience in Design and Construction Systems. Design and Construction/erection knowledge in PEB (Pre-Engineered Buildings). Design and Construction knowledge in Precast Buildings Experience in modular structures added advantage Technical Competencies Required: Knowledge of STAAD Pro, STAAD foundation, ETABS, SAFE or any other equivalent industry standard software for structural analysis and design. Familiarity with Revit Structure. Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, PDF document generation and management Technical knowledge and understanding of Engineering Design and Construction for process plants in various sectors like chemicals, FMCG, pharma, food processing etc. Extensive knowledge of local and global codes of practice for design implementation Main Duties: Design of plant buildings and non-plant structures, all types of foundations, pipe racks, equipment foundations, machine foundations, composite/non-composite deck slabs, ramps, retaining walls etc. Analysis of the structure for gravity, wind, seismic and other loadings as applicable. Implementing the design checklist and tracking progress. Review of the analysis and design calculations , produced by other team members, for technical compliance with specified and contracted customer requirements. Prepare Design Basis Report & Technical specifications. An Overview of Civil & Structural Engineering Discipline in M+W GES: M+W-GES Civil & Structural Engineering discipline focus on delivering Facility related engineering Support for the Projects in Advanced Technology, Life Sciences, General Industry, Data Centre etc. The Core Work involves arriving the appropriate structural system including the foundation type, analysis of the whole structure for all required loads and their combinations per the standard applicable codes of practice, design of all the structural elements, preparation of detailed structural drawings etc. The work also involves supporting Architecture in arriving the grid spacing, column locations, beam framing plans, floor levels, road levels, Roof water, Storm water, and site cut & fill analysis etc. Involves supporting MEP team in arriving equipment layout, equipment foundations, shaft & cutout locations for various services and supporting Space Management by defining MEP Service Space requirement. Giving the required inputs to all the disciplines to proceed with their detailed design as required. The delivery of projects is from BIM Platform supported by Calculation tools like STAAD Pro, ETAB & SAFE, MW Standard tools/spread sheets for various Calculations. Further it involves in preparation of DBR, BOQ, Tender Packages, Vendor Evaluation on Technical specification etc. The Mechanical discipline is equipped with experienced Structural Engineers (both Steel & Concrete), Civil Engineers, Foundation Engineers Supported by CAD / BIM modelers with right expertise to deliver project from feasibility, Concept to Detailed Design including further Construction Support. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills Staad Pro Structural Design Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil Company Profile: M+W Group M+W Group is a global leader in the design, engineering and construction of high tech facilities and major complex projects. We have extensive in-house technical resources combining process, mechanical and electrical engineering, technology integration, lean construction and commissioning expertise. Our unique combination of high-tech engineering and excellent project management help our customers to reach their goals and to strive for new horizons. Since 1912 M+W Group has been at the forefront of engineering advanced design and construction solutions. Today, with over 6,000 technical professionals operating in over 30 countries worldwide, we have the expertise to deliver the most complex projects to the most exacting performance standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details