TITLE: Dot Net (mvc) Developer (3+ Yrs) Required @ Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a strong resource with minimum of 3+ Years experience inÂ Dot NetÂ Development who have at least 3 Yrs of Experience in MVC Framework. Client Name: Will be disclosed later if you are interested (Product Company) Employment Type: Full Time Experience: 3 toÂ 8 Years Position: Dot NetÂ Developer (Sr. Developer) Company Type: Product Based Company Relevant Experience: Minimum 3 Years Exp in Dot Net Development, and 3 Yrs in MVC Framework Development Work Location: Hyderabad Joining time: Preferred less notice period Education: Any Graduate/Post Graduate with strong technical experience Mandatory Skills: Strong Experience in MVC Good Communication skills. Key skills: ASP.Net MVC, WCF ,C# ,Entity Framework ,SQL Server,.NET Framework ,VB.NET ,JAVA Script, J Query, J SON, HTML 5, CSS, BOOTSTRAP, etc... Job Description - Must have Strong Experience with ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, Web API - Good to have experience with Angular.JS, KnockOut.js and Node.Js - Strong Experience of JavaScript, JQuery and JSON - Strong Experience with SQL Server. - Good to have experience of Winform and WCF - Strong communication skills, high attention to detail, aggressive troubleshooting, and strong decision-making skills. - Experience designing secure applications and should be aware of security implications from design to implementation phase of project. Candidate is expected to be an Individual contributor/Senior Developer having ability to communicate with clients on requirement clarification and converting requirement into the deliverable. Looking for immediate joiners. If you like to apply for this positions please forward your updated resume to careers@valsatechcorp.com NOTE: Short listed candidates only will receive calls.. Resumes with above details will get call immediately. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net MVC WCF C# Entity Framework SQL Server .NET Framework MVC Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Valsatech Corp Company Overview: Valsatech is a service based IT and IT-Staffing Company Founded in 2008, whose core motive is to provide Staffing, Software Testing and QA assistance to various companies. We provide end to end Recruitments and QA support to our clients and take care of every possible scenario. Specialties: IT Staffing, Staffing Solutions, Software Testing Services, Automation testing solutions, Agile testing, Onsite/Offshore/Nearshore solutions Company Size: 51-200 employees (All locations) Company Locations: Maryland, (United States), Bangalore (India), Hyderabad, Warangal (India) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details