TITLE: Sr. Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time Project Description: The Data Subscription Services (DSS) portfolio is looking for a talented Software Engineers to spearhead the delivery of world class enterprise ready solutions. The DSS engineering team is chartered to deliver the next generation platform which drives these applications. The ideal candidate would set an outspoken example to enable the guiding principles and build the future state architecture to achieve an effective business impact and agility. The tenets which represent these guiding principles are: Reduce Total Cost of Ownership; Increase Business Agility; Increase Comer Satisfaction. Enabling these principles require investments in business and technology components to build a solid foundation that can support the current business demands and be agile enough to meet changing business needs in a cost- effective manner. The platform would provide a connected self- serve seamless experience to the data publishers and subscribers with data discovery. This connected experience can be available to transact with LOB applications and mined with BI tools. This full lifecycle engagement view provides Microsoft with insights into data behavior which intern enable business stake holders to make key decisions both in tactical and strategic in nature. While serving our business partners with their data needs, we also focus on adopting to new technologies in mobile and cloud arena by evaluating products through continuous experimentation and driving feedback loops with various product groups. Come build the future with us! In this exciting journey we want to leverage your ideas and creativity in building rob, highly scalable and available services. You will have to dig deep and derive clarity in ambiguous situations. Your contributions will solve business problems. You will need to understand our comers and design the features they dont even know they need. We are looking for you to enrich our team to learn, grow and share the pride with us of being part of one of the highly performing teams whose main commitment is to keep the business always happy. Do you have what it takes Key Responsibilities in the role: Proactive involvement in planning, designing and execution with Agile delivery methodologies. Initiate and promote modern engineering practices within the team. Design, debug, re- factoring and maintaining automation. Deliver high quality applications using our latest and up- and- coming products. Driving key quality initiatives through the engineering team. Identify new productcapabilities to help exceed business outcome and influence product teams to enrich the product experience. Apply continuous improvement across engineering practices as well as overall product delivery. Mentor and grow team members. Define and drive improvements in the overall quality including automation, code coverage and inspection processes. Collaborate within and other engineering teams or operations teams as required. Partner with other discipline groups to review specifications, proactively identify issues and contribute to the backlog grooming and prioritization. Active participation in designbuild cycle of the software engineering life cycle (requirements gathering, prototyping, architecture, detailed design, development, testing and deployment) . Qualification: B.E/ B.Tech or equivalent degree in Computer Science Engineering discipline. Competencies: This position requires excellent oral/ written communication skills, and the ability to weed through ambiguity and formulate recommendations clearly. Technical horsepower and critical thinking are essential. 10 years of software development experience with .Net programming, c#, WCF Web services , SQL, MS BI and VSTFVSO with RM/ RMO automation. Awareness of Azure technologies such as No SQL, ADL, ADC, ADF, and ADW is an added advantage. Experience working through the full product cycle from initial design to final product delivery. Strong comer focus and passion for doing the right thing for the comer. Strong cross- group collaboration and influencing skills. Self- driven and ability to work with minimal direction and in a team to research innovative solutions to challenging business/ technical problems. Demonstrated ability to work at the tactical and strategic levels of IT initiatives. Certified Scrum Master andor be able to lead the sprint teams. Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating, and decision making skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql software development wcf automation flex microsoft agile operation s rm drives Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details