TITLE: Spot Offers for Field Sales / Business Development Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum of 1 year experience in sales and marketing. Take ownership of functional and sustainable business growth of Â The Dollar Business brand across various print and Digital media platforms.Â Be responsible for building and managing a sales force and distribution network capable of marketing and selling Vimbri Media's full product line in his / her territory.Â Passionate to approach prospects in selling of Membership Programs Coordination and follow ups for sales activitiesÂ Checking the availability of product during booking and delivery on time. Follow-up for collection (Payments)Â Achievement for assigned target.Â Handling and resolution of Customer complaints.Â Update daily reports to ManagerÂ Performance will be reviewed on weekly basis by the manager Achieving sales volume/business targets (No. of New Entities)Â Build required rapport with the Key Accounts in the assigned territory. Mandatory: Bike & Driving license is a must. Product: Membership Programs Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales Executive / Officer Keyskills Direct Sales B2B Marketing B2B Sales Field Sales Selling Business Growth Sales Achievement membership sales membership selling membership bd membership business development Direct Institutional Sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd. (The Dollar Business) The Dollar Business is a contemporary magazine (print and online) on the subject of foreign trade, covering all industries under the umbrellas of both Manufacturing and Services sectors. It belongs to the house of Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd., a media company headquartered in Hyderabad. The Dollar Business was born with a vision to create the foremost knowledge platform on imports and exports in the country. Education, expertise, empowerment and evolution - these are the four elements that define the very 'Existence' of The Dollar Business. The Dollar Business doesn't claim to be number one. It's the only one in India. And it doesn't know many dimensions. Just one: global trade! Visit www.thedollarbusiness.com for more details. If you can imagine the power of empowerment in foreign trade, come...share our dream! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details