TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Normal 0 false false false EN- US X- NONE X- NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Interested in being part of the nextgeneration suite of pre- packaged SaaS Internet- of- Things applications runningon the Oracle Public Cloud Then read on.... Our team is focused on building cuttingedge IoT applications for the manufacturing industries that will helpanalyze machine and ERP data by applying advanced analytics and data miningtechniques. Main features include providing Key insights on Real timePrediction, historical data analysis, Genealogy, Traceability and Process controlanalytics. This will help Businesses / Industries to improve yield, reducedefects, minimize manufacturing cycle times and reduce manufacturing costs. As a member of the team you will work on cutting edge technologies likeSPARK, HADOOP, Advanced Analytics/ Data mining, Oracle Database 12c In- Memoryfeatures in addition to Java, JavaScript and PL/ SQL Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment.Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or superviselower level personnel. BE/ BTech/ MTech or MCA or MS degree or equivalentexperience relevant to functional area, and 4 or more years of relevant experience. We are currently looking for brilliant Engineers who can fill the belowposition (A) or (B) (A) Java Developer Mandatoryskills: Strong programming skills in Java, J2EE, Servlets is a MUST. Excellent understanding ofobject- oriented programming. Familiarity with concepts ofMVC, JDBC, and RESTful with Jersey, JSON. Desired skills: Experience with popular web application frameworks, such as ADF, Spring, Hibernate etc Experience with both externaland embedded databases Familiarity with various design and architectural patterns ( OR ) (B) UI Developer or Front end developer Mandatoryskills: Experience on Web application development inJavascript, JSP, CSS, HTML5 Experience on REST API and good understanding ofOracle Database concepts. Proficient in Java, with agood knowledge of its ecosystems Desired skills: Exposure toweb application tools such as AJAX, AngularJS, Knockout, Oracle JET would beadded advantage. Familiarity with popular web application frameworks, such as ADF, Spring, Hibernate etc / * Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable{mso- style- name: "Table Normal"; mso- tstyle- rowband- size: 0; mso- tstyle- colband- size: 0; mso- style- noshow: yes; mso- style- priority: 99; mso- style- qformat: yes; mso- style- parent: ""; mso- padding- alt: 0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso- para- margin: 0in; mso- para- margin- bottom: .0001pt; mso- pagination: widow- orphan; font- size: 10.0pt; font- family: "Calibri", "sans- serif"; } Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details