TITLE: Ui/ux Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Your Responsibilities: Design and drive the UI and UX behind YallaSpree applications being deployed across modern web browsers, mobile web, tablet and phone for iOS, Android and Windows Required Experience: Leverage modern visual design best practices. You know what works well in the marketplace. You know the tools, designers should use in their process and you are able to employ them. Have the ability to solve complex problems and communicate solutions to others Have designed, built and delivered multiple effective mobile applications. Have worked directly with clients to conceptualize and realize the design and UI/UX strategies. Have a Dribbble, Behance or other portfolio site to showcase your work Have experience creating wireframes and prototypes based on user stories and client requirements Have expertise in Adobe CS Design application: Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign Be ready to collaborate with product team in Dubai. Skills Dreamweaver, Mobile UI Interaction, Wireframing, UI/UX Design, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills UI UX Designer Designer Dreamweaver Mobile UI Interaction Wireframing UX Design Adobe Photoshop Adobe Illustrator Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: YallaSpree -Startup Yalla!Spree is a Digital shopping directory with over 12,000+ stores. It is a digital platform for businesses & shoppers to interact with one another. Businesses are given an open platform to hear what their customers think about their service & product offerings straight from the customers. Shoppers are given an opportunity to rate & review their favorite brands & also receive on - going sale alerts from brands itself. Shoppers can use the search feature on our website to gain access to store contact information & policies, they can further refine the search according to budget & location requirements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details