TITLE: Manager - City Operations - Food Delivery Operations

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At Licious (www.licious.in), the TEAM is building India's 1st consumer tech food brand and the category we- ve chosen to disrupt to start with is the fresh meats and seafood category . This category is one of the largest consumer categories in the India retail landscape & offers tremendous opportunities to create a world class brand in India . The founding team at Licious comprises of Industry veterans who- ve succesfully built large brands like Coca Cola, Oberoi Hotels, Reliance Retail, TESCO, SPAR, Jubiliant to name a few with in excess of 200 man years of hands on experience with building great businesses . - Developing and ensuring execution of Operational Processes to allow the business to efficiently operate and grow. - Leading and managing the team of Managers and Executives to offer the best Customer experience. - Strategizing and executing projects aligned with the company vision and setting timelines to reach those goals. - Proactively making changes in the operations at delivery centres to enhance customer experience. - Recruit & Manage the team and ensure a healthy and efficient work environment. - Monitoring service levels, inventory levels and wastage. - Performing ad-hoc analysis and reports based on business needs. Desired Candidate: - Experience with 4- 7 years of work experience in operations. - Prior experience in process design and operations implementation (preferably in Logistics /Supply chain management) . - Prior leadership experience. (experience in managing blue collared employees such as delivery executives is an added bonus) - Data analytics skills / should be comfortable working with MS excel. Should have the intuition to use data effectively for devising operations strategy. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Commercial Manager Keyskills Logistics Delivery Operations Supply Chain Management operations operations manager branch operations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Delightful Gourmet Pvt Ltd A Food Technology Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details