TITLE: Application Developer Lead Qlikview

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Corporate Technology & Risk (CTR) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase s Controls, Compliance, Legal, HR and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTR s drive to standardization, consistency and simplicity is a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long- term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Compliance Technology, Oversight & Controls Technology, Legal & e- Discovery, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, HR Real Estate & Global Services Technology, and Third Party Risk Management. This opportunity is within the Control Systems Technology Department (CST) . CST provides project management, strategic application development and production support across 3 client portfolios: Oversight and Control, Technology Controls and select Compliance Programs. The Control Systems Technology organization client portfolio has a business agenda that is highly focused on enabling visibility to metrics and data for analysis and reporting. The three year investment strategy for the portfolio is highly dependent on effective delivery of data visualization capabilities. To support this work, the CST team is investing in establishing its own data visualization center of excellence to support the CST application portfolio. The function will require Application Developer Leads that possess both a client engagement and technical skill set. Application Developer Leads must have strong communication, project management and analytical skills, able to work closely with CST business partners, interpret their business processes and challenges and quickly prototype potential dashboard visualization solutions. On the technical side, they must be proficient in the use of QlikView and have a passion for visualizing data, providing easy to interpret information with at- a- glance visualizations. S/ he must also have a diverse database and ETL background, able to draw information from disparate sources into a multi- tiered database repository. Application Developer Leads will also be required to provide day- to- day production support, manage issue escalations and assist in responding to customer inquiries. Responsibilities: &bull; Manage Project Engagements and all client- facing communications and meetings ensuring client satisfaction &bull; Analyze the business requirements, ensuring that QlikView is a right fit to address the challenges &bull; Manage developer resources on diverse concurrent projects &bull; Create Project Charters, development work estimates and develop and maintain project plans &bull; Oversee dashboard UI prototypes and designs for conformance to development policies &bull; Conduct peer reviews on source code, unit test plans and change management implementation plans &bull; Provide project status reporting and risk reporting &bull; Provide L3 support and manage issue resolution &bull; Establish and mature development standards, best practices and developer tools &bull; Conduct product evaluations (poc s) as well as build reusable QlikView extension objects and data structures &bull; Optimize service configuration and conduct performance tuning and capacity testing &bull; Maintain library of reusable artifacts for development &bull; Must also have a genuine interest in staying abreast of innovations in the Data Visualization space, and demonstrate a willingness to share information so that CST is always positioned to provide optimal solutions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql project management production support sas configuration teradata application development data structures performance tuning service Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications &bull; Candidate must be able to partner and conduct interviews with business partners, stakeholders and information owners &bull; Candidate must possess excellent listening skills and be able to distill and concisely articulate key messages in verbal and written form &bull; Proven experience managing projects with multiple developers using an agile development methodology &bull; Experience analyzing and interpreting business requirements to identify technical solutions &bull; Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Project and resource management and financial management tools &bull; 7- 10 years of Application Development experience in an enterprise level environment. &bull; QlikView certification is required. &bull; 5 years of QlikView Development &bull; Design and delivery of QlikView solutions in an agile development environment using object oriented analysis and design techniques. &bull; Expert use of complex expressions, set analysis, and multidimensional objects. &bull; Advanced knowledge connecting to ODBC and OLEDB data sources and building complex SQL load scripts. &bull; Strong working knowledge of ETL processing and data transformation techniques. &bull; Experience using Qlik Sense, nPrinting, QlikMaps and other QlikView third party products is a plus. &bull; Working knowledge of Essbase, Teradata and SAS is a plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details