TITLE: Product Sales

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile: Evam Labs is a creative technology company focused on offering HR and technology solutions that make a difference. Fuelled by tech-love and innov -attitude, we have an unparallel pool of talented professionals create stuff to serve the Global market. We are makers of Pulse HRM, Pulse Connect, e-Certify and Globalyst to name a few of renowned products in a national and global market. We at Evam Labs offer a wide array of services and pretty awesome products that we have developed in past year. Pulse HRM A complete cloud-based HR and Payroll management platform, that is developed and hosted on Oracle Tech stack. Pulse HRM is a modular, configurable and integrated solution that helps your automate and optimize your HR processes in place. Pulse Connect Pulse Connect offers you peer to peer connectivity in a secure environment. Whether on Phone, Laptop or Tablets, defines your work zone and helps you communicate in secured space. Now communication is secured on IM, email or SMS and got amazing features too. eCertify is Evam Labs' online assessment and certification platform. eCertify can administer tests as you customize them paving the way for you to focus on strategic business initiatives. eCertify comes with an assortment of aptitude, skill and psychometric tests to take care of all your pre-recruitment assessment needs. It can handle multiple question types as well. From multiple choice questions to automated evaluation, eCertify boasts of it all. Globalyst Its a globalization enabler tool which helps you automate and track globalization processes before actual translation processes are implemented. It helps you achieve 45% more efficiency at LAT and helps you save time and cost. Evam Tech Labs is a specialized management consulting, localization, technology services and products company. We collaborate with clients to help them become high-performance businesses through the intelligent use of the high-end technology solutions. Our experts come from all over the world, with rich experience and all kinds of backgrounds and areas of expertise and represent over 25 nationalities who speak over 30 languages. With the launch of our cloud based HRMS application we are making our foray into the domestic market with specific targeting of medium sized enterprises. Subsidiary G11N. Inc.: Website:http://www.g11n.com/ Website: www.evamlabs.comÂ / www.pulsehrm.com General Summary: Looking for talented Sales professional for frontline sales and business development. You should have an MBA/background in HR with at least 2-3 years in IT Product Sales or IT Solutions selling no staffing please. Achieves maximum sales growth, profitability and account penetration in the domestic market by effectively selling the companys product and related services. Personally contacts and secures new business accounts/customers. Details of Function: Prospecting through in-person visits and presentations to prospective customers. Develops clear and effectively written proposals/quotations for current and prospective customers. Researches different sources for developing prospective customers and for information to determine their potential. Plans and organizes personal sales strategy by maximizing the Return on Time Investment for the market. Establishes, develops and maintains business relationships with prospective customers to generate new business for the organizations product. Coordinates sales effort with marketing, business development and technical service groups. Supplies management with oral and written reports on customer needs, problems, interests, competitive activities, and potential for the product. Keeps abreast of product applications, technical services, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through the reading of pertinent literature and consulting with marketing and technical service areas. Participates in trade shows, forums and conventions if required. Skills Required: At least 2-3 years experience in IT products/solutions sales in the domestic market is a must. Excellent Presentation, Prospecting & Negotiation skills. Developing and maintaining good Client Relationships & good Sales Planning High energy level, creativity, self-motivated and passion for sales Demonstrated aptitude for problem-solving; ability to determine solutions for customers (consultative sales approach). Must be results-oriented and able to work both independently and within a team environment. Experience selling in overseas market and SaaS solutions a definite plus. Compensation: Extremely competitive with base plus incentive components Travel: On a need basis Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product Executive Keyskills Business Development Consultative Sales HR Processes Marketing Solution Sales It Product Sales Prospecting Sales Strategy Sales Planning New Business Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Z-Axis Tech Solutions (India) Pvt Ltd Evam Tech Labs Evam Labs is a creative technology company focused on offering HR and technology solutions that make a difference. Fuelled by tech-love and innov -attitude, we have an unparallel pool of talented professionals create stuff to serve the Global market. We are makers of Pulse HRM, Pulse Connect, e-Certify and Globalyst to name a few of renowned products in a national and global market. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details