TITLE: Java/j2ee Technical Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills and Abilities Able to delve deeper into technical solutions and engage architects on design and architecture to build lasting solutions that solve business problems Able to collaborate with senior product owners, engineering leaders at Senior/Principal Architect level, and other senior technical leads Solid Technology Experience with Java/J2EE stack and Oracle Databases is a must Exposure to recent technology trends in UI (JavaScript, Angular JS, Node JS) is preferred Excellent oral and written, communication and articulation skills. Ability to solve problems with out of box thinking & approaches, iteratively and incrementally improve both products and processes. Able to understand and articulate business strategy and align product strategy to it Excellent organizational and leadership skills. Experience 12-14 years of software development experience. Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or Engineering from a good university college is a must. 3-6 years of people management experience with at least few years in leadership role managing senior technical associates, delivering commercially successful enterprise class web products, preferably in a SaaS environment. At least 3+ years of experience as an offshore leader for a US based (or equivalent) organization 2+ years managing agile software development experience. Scrum Master Certification and other agile certification is a strong plus. Agile software development and management experience to include TDD, CI and agile project management tools such as Jira, Version 1, Rally Experience with development and deployment of large database (Oracle, MS SQL) applications. Experience with NoSQL db like MongoDB, Cassandra, CouchDB preferred. Proven track record in delivering optimal business returns by prioritizing projects and managing scope while delighting the customers and managing their expectations Demonstrated experience in developing great people, managing large teams; Excellent people and project management skills Experience with onshore-offshore model of software delivery. Effectively partner with global leaders to understand the vision and product roadmap and be a local evangelist for that vision and product roadmap. Facilitate and ensure seamless communication with the local and onshore team members to create a well-functioning global ONE product team. Personality Attributes and other requirements Integrity and Honesty in all forms. Confident, Dynamic and can manage up-down-across Very thorough and Objective in evaluating and dealing with people Comes across as confident and demonstrates Can-do attitude Always willing to do what is RIGHT as opposed to do what is EASY Salary:INR 27,50,000 - 35,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Java Couchdb J2Ee NoSQL MongoDB Javascript Cassandra Oracle Database TDD Scrum Master Technical Manager Engineering Manager Java Manager J2ee Manager Spring Development Manager dev manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Company Profile: Tactica Business solutions Hiring for Fortune 500 and Product Based Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details