TITLE: Sr. Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time Do you want to enable Microsoft and its partners to sell cool products and services to millions of comers across the globe Our group is engaged in building services at true internet scale, having state of the art availability, reliability and responsiveness. These next gen services enable Microsoft to sell from hardware like the Microsoft Surface Book & XBOX to products like Windows, Office to Services like Azure, Office 365, Intune and Overdrive. These services address Microsofts most business critical needs by enabling Microsoft to operate globally in around 240 markets, approximately 150 million transactions a day and process approximately half billion dollars of revenue per month. We are seeking a skilled engineer who is passionate about building and shipping software at Internet pace. You will design and deliver large new areas. You will have an opportunity to grow your engineering and leadership skills in a fun and innovative environment. You will be building on the newest technologies and also learning to build world- class rob distributed systems. You'll be collaborating with various teams across the company. This is a rare opportunity to work on something that is early stage and highly strategic to Microsoft. We are looking for experienced engineers to join our team and take it to the next level by building new platform capabilities. We have wide range technical challenges to work on including large scale web services, distributed data platforms, web applications, machine learning infrastructure, and experimentation framework. The ideal candidate m have passion and an entrepreneurial spirit to succeed in this fast- paced team. If you thrive on innovation and challenges and want to be a part of something that impacts multiple businesses across Microsoft, we would love to talk with you about joining our team! Requirements: Proven multi- year track record of shipping online services in a fast- paced environment. 8 year of relevant software development experience in distributed systems, scalable web services/ applications, service oriented solutions. Passion for solid engineering practices in design, coding and testing Demonstrated ability and experience in the entire services development cycle: design, implementation, deployment, and live site. Sharp analytical abilities Experience shipping and running services on Azure Web services experience and knowledge about WebAPI/ RESTful services Web applications (Asp.net MVC / Javascript) and database development experience. Ability to drive technical investigations and prototyping in a fast- paced startup environment. Big Data, NoSQL and machine learning are a plus. Experience with source control technologies like TFS or GIT. Experience with scrum, Kanban, or other agile engineering techniques Strong sense of curiosity and a willingness to learn, share, and improve Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree in Computer Science or a related field. Come join us and help shape how we do deliver new experiences across Microsoft products. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript software development flex microsoft agile codingscrum tfs computer science Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details