TITLE: IT Operations Manager

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: IT Operations Manager IT Operations Manager who is having 10 years experience and is professional position with responsibilities relating to the coordination of end-user hardware and software deployments through the help desk. Responsibility includes, but is not limited to: managing internal and external help desk staff; developing and maintaining procedures related to monitoring, tracking, and coordination of Help Desk activity; managing equipment inventories; and, overseeing the development of end user guides, tips and training materials. The Manager will assist the Director in implementing and supporting the Corporations technology platforms to meet the goals of the Corporation. The Manager provides support for various off the shelf, customized applications and enterprise wide systems. Provides leadership for less experienced technical staff and works to resolve complex support requests, which have been escalated for technical support. The Manager is also responsible to design, implement, maintain and troubleshoot all systems on the LAN/WAN, which contributes to the overall objective of the authority ensuring all systems are operational and that computer users are able to do their work in an effective and efficient manner. Having experience with datacenters/cloud solutions added advantage. Essential Duties/Responsibilites: Oversee help desk support to ensure that end user problems are resolved in a timely and effective manner, enabling users to access needed information and utilize technology resources effectively. Communicate effectively with customers and stakeholders to assess support needs, assist in the identification of technology needs, and respond to customer service concerns. Train and guide support specialists to effectively utilize help desk problem-management process (the identification, prioritization, escalation and resolution of end user help requests) to ensure quick and accurate responses to all end users, while emphasizing a customer-focused attitude. Establish and monitor service level targets/benchmarks and measure performance against those benchmarks. Track and analyze support calls and information requests to identify areas of need and create strategies to enhance end-user capacity and end-user reliance on support personnel. Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation, including: operations guidelines and procedures, inventory checklists, deployment guides, budget information, training guides and support materials. Measure and report on unit performance via metrics and indicators of service level activity and customer satisfaction. Provide regular helpdesk performance and utilization reports to leadership. Manage the inventory, support and maintenance of end user technology assets, including, but not limited to: desktop and notebook computers, mobile devices (smart phones, tablets, etc.), printers and software. Facilitate equipment, services, and software purchases and implementation; and manage inventory and licensing reconciliations. Conduct research and make recommendations on hardware and software products, services, protocols, and standards. Serve as the corporations primary contact for mobile carrier. Monitor plan structure, usage and overall spending. Administer and manage a network server environment comprised of Microsoft and Novell architecture including email and backup systems. Administer and manage a network infrastructure environment comprised of hubs, switches, routers, intrusion protection systems, internet security systems and end point virus protection systems. Consults with management and users to discuss system capacity, equipment acquisitions and security requirements. Consults with Data Centers or Cloud solution providers to resolve the issues. Works with users, managers, and executives to identify and document system, application or functional requirements. Troubleshoot systems when experiencing issues by identifying what the problem is and finding a resolution. Results are measured by not only resolving the issue, but also preventing it from occurring in the future. Stay abreast of latest product upgrades to ensure that all systems software is up to date as possible. Log all changes made to the network and infrastructure utilizing existing tracking systems. Results are measured by the creation of an auditable log referencing all system changes. Administer, manage and deploy applications in Application servers like Tomcat and JBoss EAP Good exposure on application load balance, high availability deployment architecture, standby databases. Good exposure on MySQL and MS SQL Server databases and backup solutions. Secondary Duites/Responsibilites: Recommend changes or enhancements in available information technology or equipment as prompted by feedback via the user support function. Engage in ongoing research of emerging trends and new technologies which may benefit the corporations goal of strategically implementing technology to enhance business performance, and specifically support the support services function. Participate in the planning, policy and decision making discussions involving information management projects. Provide occasional technical support and best practice advice for offsite Corporation events. Research and implement special projects and other duties as assigned. Required Skills and Abilities Good oral and written communications skills Ability to work with all levels of the organization Excellent project management and organizational skills Ability to manage multiple projects and handle multiple priorities Required Education and Experience Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent business experience Strong working knowledge of Microsoft server, Microsoft Active Directory and Microsoft email systems Experience in configure and running Microsoft DHCP, DNS, LDAP, NFS, SMTP, Windows Administration 4+ years of experience supporting production network infrastructure 2+ years of experience with Windows operating systems 2+ years of experience with Linux operating systems is mandatory 2+ years of experience on any Application servers preferably Tomcat, JBoss and application deployments 2+ years of experience on any Databases preferably MySQL, database backups. 1+ years of experience on Amazon EC2 cloud Expert knowledge of network protocols and algorithms Knowledge of data storage protocols like NFS, CIFS, iSCSI etc Experience with firewall implementations (layering, DMZ, SNAT/DNAT) Experience configuring and administering Internet Filtering and Intrusion Protection Systems Knowledge of Red Hat, Centos operating systems Experience using Data Center routers and switches Working knowledge of telecommunications systems Demonstrated experience with Microsoft System Center Configuration Management for workstation imaging and software distribution. Experience supervising staff and/or consultants. Excellent analytical, written and verbal communications skills including the ability to effectively communicate technical information to non-technical users. Demonstrated project management skills and multi-tasking abilities. Must be proactive and have the ability to work both independently and collaboratively with colleagues, end users, and with external vendors. Excellent customer-service Skill required Interested candidates can attach the resumes to varun.varanasi@palred.com with below details Present CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Reason on Looking for Change: Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills IT Operations Management Networking Protocols Active Directory Technical Support DNS Service Level User Support Windows Administration linux mysql firewall application jboss tomcat Amazon web services amazon EC2 Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Palred Technology Services Pvt Ltd It is vital for a Business firm to access relevant data, provided in a timely and cost-effective manner. This is crucial in taking investment decisions, trade execution, securities pricing and other related. Palred Technological Services provides such solutions which form the core in presenting a company's positive profile growth. Palred Stores is one such service by PTS which caters to database management of a company. To say, it makes database management easy, accurate, and quick. Companies like Health & Glow and Globus are our happy and satisfied clients of our service, and express how our solution has helped them to optimize their profits. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details