TITLE: CBSE All Subjects [ Eng, Hin, Tel, Social, Science, Maths ] Teacher

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this teachers who have good subject knowledge with experience in CBSE of at least 5 years in teaching. need to have good communication skills and get easily adjusted to the school atmosphere looking for creative,sincere and dedicated staff Good spoken English is a must Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 4,25,000 P.A. Best in Industry Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:School Teacher Keyskills Teaching Cbse Mathematics Teacher CBSE Teacher English Science Social Science Telugu Hindi Urdu Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, B.Ed - Education, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Maths PG:M.Ed - Education, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Other Company Profile: Delhi School of Excellence To ensure that children acquire the kind of academic excellence which will lead them to the understanding of concepts and principles so that the search for knowledge becomes a life-long quest.*Delhi School of Excellence is the realization of a long nurtured dream of educational luminaries in quality education. Established in the year 2012, DSE is an English medium school pursuing CBSE curriculum. The school has already made its presence felt in the education field within two years. Growing from strength to strength, today, it enjoys the patronage of the city as a centre of excellence in academic and non-academic areas. Our aim is . . . . to acquire a positive attitude to life and patterns of behaviour required to live in harmony with other individuals and with nature.* to develop the total personality and help the child to be anchored in the cultural heritage of our nation.* To make a special mention, the three branches at Attapur, Banjara Hills and Manikonda encourage- Activity- based education right from Pre Primary to grade X. The schools leave no stone unturned to help every child come out with flying colours.* Superior quality of teaching with audio visual aids and play way materials - video conference hall and* computer lab with latest technology of high standard. A 'smart class' to create ingenious thinkers for tomorrow. Each classroom at DSE is equipped with Interactive White Board, CPU, Projector and other multimedia gadgets.* 'Hey Math' that makes Math easy and enjoyable for every student! ( if it is in all the schools , plz include)* Various club activities that pave a way to stay energetic, develop creativity, and gain new skills.* Life skills that help students face problems of their everyday life with a positive attitude and go about with their everyday tasks effectively.* Performing Arts which affect and improve a child's ability in many areas like art, dance and music.* Work Experience that are designed to get hands-on experience so as to open children's eyes to a new and exciting world.* Various games such as Basketball, Table-Tennis, Chess, Karate and Skating. Yoga and Aerobics are on the anvil.* As the adage goes "What you sow you will reap", the quality of education that the schools give the students will go a long way in their life to take them to greater heights in the society. The DSE Group of Institutions is presently marching majestically to mould the students and bring them up to fulfill the dreams of the parents. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details