TITLE: SAP Data Services- Contract/ C2H

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5+ years of experience in SAP Data Services and 4+ years of experience in ETL tools. Experience in Data Migration processes between various transactional systems using SAP Data Services. Experience in Tuning ETL Jobs and CDC using Time stamp, and also set up validation rules. Experience with cleansing and profiling data, troubleshooting issues with data type mismatches and formatting. Extensive knowledge and experience with complex transforms, multi-source data flows, parameterized data flows, embedded data flows within data Services is required. Excellent data analysis skills required. More than 2 End to End implementation experience. Should have worked with at least 2 international customers. Experience and knowledge on Quality process required. Onshore travel experience would be added benefit. Salary:INR 3,25,000 - 8,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Sap Data Services Data Migration Data Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SA Tech Software (I) Pvt. Ltd. SA Technologies Inc. delivers world class IT solutions & provide proven Information Technology Consulting services in the US with a global presence. We have built highly scalable, world-class consulting practice that offer tremendous business advantages to our clients in the form of huge cost-benefits, definitive results and consistent project deliveries. SA Technologies Inc. has consistently supplied clients with IT professionals necessary to meet their staffing needs. SA Technologies success depends on its commitment to long term partnerships with its customers. These alliances give SA Technologies the ability to have a good understanding of the customer's overall business needs and provide cost effective solutions.SA Technologies strives to provide an environment for its employees that fosters growth and career satisfaction through training and development programs, competitive salaries and excellent benefit packages. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details