TITLE: PHP Developer/ Sr. PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Rewriting a complete product in multi tenancy SaaS Product using CodeIgniter frameworks on a cloud platform. Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Collaborate with other team members and clients. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Mysql Open Source Php * Core PHP Codeignitor Desired Candidate Profile Experienced PHP programmer/developer having good experience in OOPs, MVC, PHP Framework - Codeignitor, AJAX, Open SourceMandatory requirements: Experienced in developing web applications with PHP. Excellent knowledge in Core PHP Experience in developing Web applications using PHP MVC frameworks Proficient understanding of client-side scripting Good understanding of Web and Social Media applications/ Cross Browser / Mobile Best Practices Experience developing database applications using Microsoft SQL and MySQL is a plus such as dashboard and other applications Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Passionate about new technologies and large scale systems Focused on usability, maintainability and quality, building for the long term Self learner looking for good hands on development work on new technologies Prior experience in analytics based applications or healthcare domain is a plus Qualifications: B Tech (from reputed colleges). Good academic background with > 60% consistently in 10th, 12th and Graduation Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium Jobs Multiplier Solutions Multiplier Solutions is a recently funded fast growing company led by IIM, IIT, and BITS Pilani talent and focused on new technologies of data analytics, machine learning, cloud, and big data for the fast growing healthcare domain. Our customers include GE Healthcare and 12 other leading healthcare firms. We are a leading healthcare analytics consulting and products company that has a suite of products that consumes large elements of data across healthcare eco-system and delivers advanced analytics. We are funded by eminent NRIs of the healthcare industry. For more details please visit: http:// multipliersolutions.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details