TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time About MSIT- India Each day our world creates new technology. New devices, new apps, new services. Which means new ways to do things, new ways to connect, new things to learn. And while each holds the promise of helping us get more done, with less effort, too often they simply become one more thing competing for our scarce time and attention. Thats why we need to rethink the way we make technology, and not simply make more. Thats why we need to reinvent productivity. Microsoft is helping people achieve more by giving them the best possible tools for any moment. So how does Microsoft IT help, and in particular, IT software engineers IT has two roles at Microsoft. First is the traditional enterprise IT role. We keep everything running smoothly, and ensure employees have a great experience as they collaborate with colleagues, comers and partners in over 100 countries. Second, were the companys first commercial comer to deploy Microsoft software, services and hardware at scale. We innovate using cloud, BI and Big Data, mobile, social and security software and services, deploy and manage it, then provide the feedback and advocate for our comers with the Microsoft product engineering teams. In the end, we showcase our work to the indry. Microsoft IT provides career growth opportunities, a rewarding and flexible work environment so you can better integrate your professional and personal life. Microsoft IT employees make global impact on hundreds of thousands of comers and employees who use Microsoft software and services. Microsoft IT- India practices process methodologies such as Agile, Six Sigma, waterfall to improve its operational excellence and efficiency. It's the state- of- the art, leading edge Microsoft technologies along with the world- class process rigor that makes it an employer of choice. MSIT- India has grown to deliver almost 50% of Microsoft IT applications requirements. Besides, it also manages Microsoft's global data centers, corporate network, 10, 000 servers and various other infrastructure management activities from Hyderabad. We Deliver IT Solutions and Services that drive Innovation and Business Value. High level overview As a Software Engineer in Microsoft IT, you are expected to provide critical thinking and a high degree of technical innovation and attention to detail while serving as a tred advisor to your project team. You will need to balance many complex and competing technical priorities and be able to actively architect, design, develop, and test solutions. The Enterprise Commerce Service Offering team in MSIT is looking for Sr. Software Engineer with a strong track record who are in search of an exciting environment, work with cutting edge technologies, supporting next generation products and services, has great development skills, a passion for quality, and is excited to help build incredible, engineering solutions with stellar comer experiences. and want the chance to make an impact to Microsofts licensing business that enables thousands of comers and millions of end users. EC systems are key revenue earners through small, medium and large enterprises and enables product launches like Windows 8, Office and Windows products. We develop and support many of the Microsoft web and back- end applications that support Volume License contract management, benefits, pricing, order acceptance and fulfillment. To do this effectively we m design, engineer, test, support build and deployment high- ROI applications to enable efficient execution of Microsoft programs. Volume Licensing under Enterprise Commerce teams have deep passion for key Microsoft technologies such as .NET/ SQL Server/ WCF/ REST APIs etc. We engineer & build highly scalable and high performing technical solutions to solve some of the most complex business problems around licensing. Great work environment, leading technologies and engineering process, delivery of high- end mission critical applications, high commitment to its comers and partners allow the employees to realize their full potential. Responsibilities and Common tasks include Write clean well thought out design and code with an emphasis on quality, simplicity, and maintainability, along with the ability to mentor others to do the same Consider comers perspective and experiences when designing systems Communicate effectively and partner well with other disciplines of the project team to deliver high quality solutions from envisioning to deployment to live site availability Drive and coach others through design reviews, code reviews, and test case reviews Responsible for understanding and adapting to new technologies, tools, methods and processes from Microsoft and indry Help to drive current and future state Architecture for the group. Technology Evaluation and recommendation for application architecture problems Creation and adoption of Technology Patterns and Practices Influence the team for right design and technology implementation & give future Architectural direction. Work with central IT organization to build better Architectural standards. Drive Architectural consolidation and simplification Role Model Our Microsoft Values: through behaviors and actions, set an example and represent the Microsoft Values of leveraging others work and helping others to be successful. Desired Educational qualification: BS in computer science or equivalent. Skills (M Have) Experience: o Total of 12 years of demonstrated work experience in the Information Systems indry. o 8 years of solid Design/ Development/ testing experience using large/ complex application using various Microsoft technologies (C#, .NET, SQL Server, BizTalk, Share Point etc.) o 2 years of system/ solution architecture background. Architecture/ Design Engineering Skills: o Extensive understanding and hand on experience in integration, message orientation, event driven and other Enterprise architectural patterns. o Strong understanding of SOA, pros and cons and best practices. o Experience in Broad range of Microsoft tools and technologies. o Extensive busness process and UML modeling experience and ability to communicate models effectively to development team. o Good understanding of Enterprise scale technologies and developing large scale out services. o Ability to evaluate architectural options (complexity, performance, high- availability, scalability, durability) and make right recommendation for implementation o Understanding of information architecture and data modeling concepts Engineering Practices: o Good experience on Requirement/ Design/ Code Review & Inspections practices o Experience with any of the following testing : performance testing , security testing , privacy testing , accessibility testing , and localization/ globalization testing . o Experience using structured design and modeling techniques Other skills: o Ability to work in cross functional teams and strong interpersonal skills o Ability to collaborate with and influence various stakeholders without authority o Domain knowledge in one or more vertical indry o Excellent written and oral communication skills o Ability to handle ambiguity and collaborate across multiple groups and disciplines o Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision making skills o Excellent problem- solving and debugging skills with a solid understanding of testing practices Skills (Nice to have) o Knowledge on Microsoft Azure technology. o Knowledge on analytics, data mining, data visualization and machine learning o Experience working within a global delivery model o Experience with DevOps model including but not limited to Continuous Delivery, Telemetry, Flighting/ Experimentation, Test- Driven Development, and testing in Production o Good understanding of agile development practices Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server windows wcf soa uml flex performance testing data modeling biztalk debugging Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details