TITLE: Senior Consultant - SAP Basis

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Infiniti is looking for Senior SAP BASIS consultant with minimum of 5 Years of experience in deploying and maintenance of SAP Software on different Operating system environments, Database technologies, Hardware sizing skills and Networking Knowledge. Principal duties and responsibilities include: Support & planning of SAP Installations including System Sizing (Capacity planning), Disk/Storage/Server Layout, and overall System Installation Plan. Support of SAP Infrastructure activities to include the development of the technical deliverables for SAP Basis and infrastructure projects. Provide support to project teams during the development cycle and provide technical/infrastructure support during deployments, including: assess, install, configure and maintain SAP applications and infrastructure. Well-versed with SAP Solution Manager, Transport management, Upgrade of SAP application. Provide support of SAP application, database and data center migration to include migrating SAP data from the source to target system and provide go-live support. Provide support to the support elements to escalate, diagnose and resolve technical issues. Approximately 10-20% travel. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills SAP BASIS CONSULATNT Desired Candidate Profile Should have participated in at least 5 Implementation/Upgrade or migration projects 5+ Years of SAP Basis experience in installation of SAP ECC versions and EHP upgrades from Base version of ECC to EHP 7.0/8.0, Configuring High Availability, Daily Job Monitoring, System copy, Client copy, STMS, Dump analysis, License generation, SCCR Key, SAP Audit & Handling SAP Notes. SAP Netweaver and SOLMAN configuration and installation.Exposure to SAP HANA migration or system conversion, installation of FIORI & PI will be an added advantage. 3+ years of experience in handling latest version of OS, Installation, Parameter configuration (Windows, Linux, AIX, Solaris), OS upgrade, Troubleshooting OS issues, Creation and Mounting of RAID, LVL, NFS, Samba shares and installation of Packages3+ years of experience in Data base administration DB Backup, Cluster installation, DB refresh with change in SID and DB upgrade of ORACLE/SYBASE ASE/IBM DB2 / SAP HANA Should have good knowledge of Hardware Sizing by quick sizer, Storage mounting, IOPS, Hardware compatibility and monitoring of Hardware and adopting corrective measuresKnowledge in Networking, Domain, ADS, DNS, Firewall & Security, Troubleshooting, SAP Connectivity, Port mapping and setting router permissions.Other Skills:Should be an excellent team player and possess good co-ordination capabilities with Project Teams and Networking team, Self-driven and capable of handling multiple clients and architectures as per the requirement. Capable of Handling BASIS support team.Should possess good communication skillsLanguages: English, Hindi & TeluguCandidate should be in the Age group of 30 45 years Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Information Technology, Systems Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: infiniti techlabs LLP Infiniti techlabs LLP INFINITI is a fast growing SAP & Analytics firm based in Hyderabad. Besides SAP services, the firm develops products on SAP for Analytics and Financial Planning. The firm has won the 'Best Partner for SAP' for the years 2014 and 2015. We rate Attitude and Skills higher than Knowledge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details