TITLE: Lean & Performance Manager - A Leading MNC Pharma Company

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Proposes and coordinates all actions, means and resources to be implemented at Site level to Ensure the optimisation of industrial performance Setup the industrial improvement goals at Site level, initiate and implement defined programs (e.g. IA Lean initiatives) as well as continuous improvement action plans Ensure the dissemination of competencies regarding methods, organisation, Lean and Projects Management, coordinate all performance projects and programs at Site level and lead some of them, contribute to the promotion of a performance mindset Part of Site Leadership team Instigate performance mindset and support the site head in governance, implementing ad hoc tools Train all employees to lean principles. Lead lean workshops and track action plans. Propose optimisation plan. Set up KPIs, coordinate tracking and associated reporting. Support the site head in some organisation projects ex : APU implementation. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Lean Performance Manager Projects Management Desired Candidate Profile Engineer degree or equivalent with min 10 years of experience in Automobiles IndustryShould have experience in lean management, lean tools, shopfloor experience. Very good communication skills. Ability to transversal work, team spirit. Interested candidates forward their updated resume to hr.bd@idealconsultants.com or call me on 9849456750 Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ideal Placement and Consultants (P) Ltd. A pioneering biotech company and a part of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, in the business of develop, produce and market cost effective human health care products that conform to international quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details