TITLE: Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from DynPro India Pvt.Ltd Please note that this is a client site position and selected candidates will be required to work off-site with the clients. Interview: Any IBM Location in India Job Location : Bangalore / Chennai / Noida / Gurgaon / Kolkata / Hyderabad Job: IBM & Permanent with Dynpro. Project duration: Minimum 18 months, (Right To Hire) Payroll: Dynpro india pvt ltd.(Permanent With Dynpro) Experience: 2 - 12 Years of exp. JD: Java developer with J2ee and has some experience or knowledge in Web services ( SOAP, Rest) nice to have experience in different Frameworks and Databases. Kindly forward your Updated CV to this Mail ID : hameem@dynproindia.com Phone: 08030795030 Also you can refer your friends/colleagues looking for any job change or openings. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java corejava spring hibernate plsql struts Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: dynproindia DynPro specializes in helping companies build infrastructures that can weather the most fierce storms by focusing on strong fundamentals: appropriate and effective systems, the right people, and proven business processes. Our worldwide force of technology and business experts can identify the right solutions to meet any challenge. Our relationships with the world's best service and product providers ensures that you get the most practical, value-driven solutions available anywhere. Since 1997, DynPro has helped outstanding clients to find world-class solutions. With our partners we have cultivated relationships around the world 'finding the best people, the best systems, and the most innovative responses to today's challenging business questions. Our expertise is in leveraging your existing strengths and finding effective solutions to fill in the holes. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details