TITLE: Most Urgent Vacancy for Area Sales Manager-diagonistics-medical Device

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be promoting high quality; reliable products, to labs and hospitals in your area. You will be responsible for Achieving the assigned sales budgets, initiate cold calls to find prospects within assigned territory; convert the leads in timely and profitable manner. Building strong positive relationship with customer and monitoring customer profile and new developments to ensure retention of current sales Developing and managing channel partners Making New installation and ensuring compliance of reagent rental contacts and Adding new assay in current installations Ensuring timely collections Providing timely service back up to customers This job requires extensive travel Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: Medical Devices / Equipments Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Medical Device Diagonistics medical device Sales Executive SE immunology Diagonistics Desired Candidate Profile Candidates should be working in Medical Device Company.Dealing in Diagonistics. Education- UG: B.Sc - Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Botany, Chemistry, Microbiology, Zoology PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: 2Coms Consulting Pvt Ltd. MNC Medical Device 2COMS was set up in 1999.2-member team establishes 2COMS in Kolkata. The company initially grew with marquee clients like Wipro BPO, GE, Convergys, EXL, Mphasis in its 1st year of operations itself. The value created for clients in the last ten years has determined our rapid growth and has strengthened our brand worldwide. Our clients are global companies. We work with our clients as partners and with each other as a team. Our advice and solutions are shaped by each client's unique needs and business context, and are designed to ensure that clients get the best return on their HR spending. We balance employer and employee advocacy in providing objective, expert guidance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details