TITLE: Hiring Experts in PEGA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have a challenging career opportunity for PEGA professionals with one of the CMMI Level-5 IT service company, to be based at Bangalore, Pune, Chennai & Hyderabad. Please find the JD below and let me know your interest asap. Requirement -1 PEGA CALL from market. Job Description : 4+ years of exp in Pega CSSA certification is preferredÂ Good hands-on experience in PegaCALL implementation with CTI integrations Requirment-2 SKILL-PEGA LSA Job Description : PEGA Architect PEGA LSA architect responsible forÂ Architecture,Â Design,Â Estimation,Â performance tuningÂ Coaching and mentoring teamÂ Works with account CTO to understand Telecom/PEGA kand scape and provides input as neededÂ Overall 10+ years exp. and 7 to 8 years of experience in Pega PRPC Sound knowledge on Pega Upgrade, Integrations, Performance Management, Capacity planning, and all Pega relevant toolsÂ Should have experience on both development and support projects Good in experience Architectural and Design aspects Pega CLSA certified is preferredÂ Sound communication and leadership skillsÂ Banking domain knowledge will be a plus Hands on experience in Pega frameworksÂ Experience in leading large scale Pega implementations Knowledgeable in Estimation, Performance Tuning, Deployment process and technical solutions. Good experience on Design Review, Code Review. PRPC Best Practices and Pega Guardrails. Strong RDBMS knowledge. Motivated person with strong Leadership Qualities. Strong analytical and communication skills Good Client facing skillsÂ Requirement-3 PEGA Marketing Job Description : Good experience in Next-Best-Action (NBA) framework implementations with Decision Management Skills (Decision Strategic Manager) skills. Certification in Pega Marketing Consultant is preferredÂ CSSA certification Mandatory 4 yrs. of experience in Pega Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Pega Developer Pega marketing consulting CSSA Pega LSA pega Lead system architech Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Enterprise IT Solutions Enterprise IT Solutions is a professionally managed organization providing Executive Search, Recruitment and contract-staffing Solutions to corporations. We specialize in providing turnkey, retained and contingency recruitment solutions. Since the inception in 2004, we are growing steadily with respect to number of mandates handled and the number of clients being catered to. We are prefered search & recruitment partners for many of our clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details