TITLE: Senior Manager - HR Operations - US - Consulting

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sr. Manager - HR (US Operation) - On boarding / Exit formalities. Well versed on the On boarding process for the US employees. - Coordinating with Vendors - Benefits administration. Understanding of different types of benefits as Medical Insurance, 401K, etc - Visa/Immigration process knowledge - Responsible for contract Reviews/Negotiations on W2. - Good Understanding of working on H1-B, TN1 (Canada), OPT and F1 VISA. - Have excellent Skills in dealing with consultants (H1B, EAD, GC, CITIZENS) on C2C, CTH, Full Time, W2, 1099. - Good network in the US IT staffing market and good exposure to whole IT consulting process. - Good grasp on entire Employee Life Cycle Management Processes - Manage end-to-end of the ELC - On boarding, Rehire, Leave, Movement & Transfer, promotion, Exit etc. - Background Reference Check management across locations including Intl locations - Proactively identify gaps, scope for improvement in processes, to plug gaps and optimize processes and efficiencies. - Benefits administration - Communicate and ensure understanding by employees of laws, regulations, and organizational policies and answer questions by managers and employees as needed - Execute and monitor grievance and disciplinary policies and procedures to ensure fairness and consistency Skills Required : - Candidate Should be good at communication. - Candidate should be from US Consulting companies - Willing to Work in US Timings Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills H1B C2C W2 HR Operations US IT Staffing Exit Formalities Ead Benefits Administration Leave Human Resource Management Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Okda Solutions Leading client of Okda Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details