TITLE: Associate- TA

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for End to End IT Recruitment Expertise in Screening, Short listing, Recruiting Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Associate- TA IT Recruitment Screening Short listing Recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Location:Hyderabad (Current & Preferred) Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: PRIMUS Global Technologies Private Limited Headquartered in California US, its development center is in Bangalore, it is purely a product oriented company, We have a branch in chennai as well, it is an year old VC funded company(Angle investors). Mr.Suresh Dholakia, Co-founder of SASKEN, also investor for 6 companies in Bangalore. DigiBee is developing total solutions for wireless multimedia communications.These total solutions are finding their way into end products such as mobile handsets, IP videophones, streaming media players, etc. DigiBee is developing low power SoC with innovative architecture for these solutions. These SoC are optimized for the end applications/products and come with the complete optimized and integrated software . The software for these SoCs include the backend media (video/audio/speech) and communication (GSM/GPRS/WLAN) engines, coupled with communication protocol stacks,multimedia communication protocols and User interface/applications. DigiBee's USP is providing the end-to-end solution for manufacturing to contract manufacturers and selling these products through our commercial channels to end consumers. DigiBee is having an engineering strength of 50 people, with excellent academic and industry track records. We are planning to grow to 100 people within next 6 months. The company is backed by a veteran management team and advisory board. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details