TITLE: Technical Business Analyst - Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.3 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http: / / www.jpmorganchase.com/ . Job Description: The Client Reference Data team (CRD) is looking for an experienced technology business analyst to join a cross- functional agile development team. As a Senior Technology Business Analyst, you will analyze Business Requirements to understand the business needs and to determine how to best functionally fulfill those needs. You will provide input into design, implementation and testing phases of strategic projects required within the client reference data agenda by utilizing agile (scrum) methodology. Responsibilities: &bull; Identify, assess, and document business requirements, recommending business priorities, and advising business on options, risks, and costs. &bull; Conduct research to determine if solutions to business requirements currently exist within or outside the business unit, and if not, whether new solutions are feasible. &bull; Analyze impact of proposed solution across the business, develop use cases, functional specification and source to target mappings to explain/ demonstrate requirements via user stories to IT team, and contribute a business or process perspective during design reviews. &bull; Assist testing Team by ensuring requirements documentation can be easily translated into test plans, and ensure that the proper testing plans have been completed - this will, at times, include creating the test plans for the project. &bull; Facilitate implementation of new functionality through training sessions, demos, and the development of appropriate documentation. Provide and/ or create relevant test scenarios for the testing team. Work with test team to develop system integration test scripts and execute testing - all to ensure the testing results correspond to the business expectations. &bull; Translate business requirements into IT application impacts and business process impacts. &bull; Assist teams to ensure requirements are translated to test plans and implement new functionalities by running training sessions, demos and documentation development. &bull; Participate in Incident Management, Root Cause Analysis and High Risk reviews &bull; Participate in testing , Implementation Planning and Execution of complex functionality &bull; Develop the secondary skills to code, create and automate BDD tests Qualifications &bull; Bachelor's degree or 6 years analytical work experience &bull; Minimum 4 years work experience as a Business Analyst in Information Technology &bull; Minimum 4 years experience in understanding of business modeling concepts, business systems development and business systems analysis &bull; Experience with SCRUM or agile based methodologies Preferred Skills: &bull; Experience with agile methodology and execution &bull; Awareness of the business and IT strategy &bull; Basic understanding of the company's business practices and familiarity with the company's products and services &bull; Strong analytical skills and writing skills, to include solid experience in writing functional and technical specifications / user stories &bull; Line of Business experience a plus &bull; Experience writing test scenarios &bull; Financial services experience preferred &bull; BDD test case design experience &bull; Previous Development experience with Java, HTML5, Oracle a major plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills java oracle development co operation s http scrum investment banking information technology Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications Bachelor's degree or 6 years analytical work experience Minimum 4 years work experience as a Business Analyst in Information Technology Minimum 4 years experience in understanding of business modeling concepts, business systems development and business systems analysis Experience with SCRUM or agile based methodologies Preferred Skills: Experience with agile methodology and execution Awareness of the business and IT strategy Basic understanding of the company's business practices and familiarity with the company's products and services Strong analytical skills and writing skills, to include solid experience in writing functional and technical specifications / user stories Line of Business experience a plus Experience writing test scenarios Financial services experience preferred BDD test case design experience Previous Development experience with Java, HTML5, Oracle a major plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details