TITLE: Applications Development Director

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As an Applications Development Director for Operational Risk Technology, you will be responsible for partnering with the Controls & Oversight, Corporate Operational Risk, line of business Operational Risk teams to understand the business objectives and deliver strategic technology solutions to meet the organizations' dynamic needs. The Role The successful candidate will be responsible for broad- scale execution of the strategic solution for operational risk management platform delivery. The candidate must provide leadership for Technology and Operations, and must have the technical expertise to learn/ understand the technology infrastructure and how it will most effectively be implemented and staged within the context of business strategy and priorities. It is also critical that the candidate have end- to- end ownership of the product and process, and the ability to interpret how alternative courses of action impact downstream processes and groups. Essential Job Functions * Interact with all levels of management and operations to review, understand, document, and communicate business/ program needs, risks, constraints, issues and objectives * Display efficient work style with attention to detail, organization, and strong sense of urgency * Ensure process capability, control and improvement by developing and implementing relevant quality assurance procedures * Develop processes and tools that encourage continuous performance improvements * Develop and implement delivery strategy for large scale software development with multiple, parallel technology development streams * Manage software delivery to develop high quality and performance code * Interact with Tech Leads, Developers, Architects, Testers and others to ensure optimal delivery Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills operation sbusiness strategy software development quality assurance maintaining attention to detail Desired Candidate Profile The successful candidate will possess the following: Minimum 10 years in technology, with 5 years in a technology leadership role. Experience in development and management of control applications such as issue management systems, compliance systems, audit systems will be a strong positive. Significant program and change leadership experience on complex, multi- year transformational programs. Deep understanding and proven track record of architecting, developing and operating large scale global applications with proven ability to improve availability and performance in an mission critical IT operating environment Proven track record in end- to- end ownership of developing, managing and supporting technology solutions Highly organized; disciplined project management skills (setting deliverables, timelines, budgets, forecasts, etc) Ability to manage and coordinate multiple streams of work simultaneously and effectively resolve issues and conflicts to insure timely delivery Self- directed, highly motivated, ability to work independently - knowing what to do, how to get it done and willingness to "roll up your sleeves" to deliver. Demonstrated ability to effectively work with all levels of management Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively target messages to different audiences. Personal/ Professional Attributes The ideal candidate is a creative, innovative team player. It is critical that the candidate be able to relate well to client counterparts and develop good working relationships with these individuals. It is also important that this person display maturity, good judgment and an ability to work with professionals at all levels inside J.P. Morgan. Strong analytical, technical problem solving, planning and organizational skills are a must. These abilities are necessary on an individual level and as this person direct other project members. It is expected that the candidate demonstrate leadership qualities that are team- oriented, fostering and collegial. The ability to delegate effectively and pay attention to detail while maintaining a high level of productivity will be important. This individual must be dedicated to the Firm's goals and he/ she will have uncompromising personal integrity Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details