TITLE: Officer - Visual Inspection and Packing - Automatic@ Hyderaba - Pharma

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should be able to handle Automatic Inspection of Cartridges/vials. Should have experience of qualification of automatic inspection and packaging line of aseptic filled products. Should have basic knowledge of microbiology and GMP. Should have basic concept and working as per safety guidelines. Should have focus on quality production. Also understand and execute the qualification of cartridges and adhering to regulatory compliance requirements. Should able to prepare and maintain the GMP documents as per the departmental requirement Should able to develop and handle the team in manual visual Inspection and packing of vials/ampoules/PFS or preferably cartridges. Should have experience on new development in pharma packaging industry. Technical Competencies Work experience of Automatic Inspection Machine Work experience and support in manual Inspection activities of vials/ ampoules /PFS /cartridges. Work experience as per CGMP. Should have machine troubleshooting capability. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills GMP Pharma Production Quality Regulatory Compliance Desired Candidate Profile 2-4 year relevant experience with technical degree i.e. M-sc./M-Tech/B-pharma/M-pharma.Hands on experience on Automatic Inspection and packing machine.Should be proactive and strive for quality productivity.Good communication skills and flexible in nature towards work. M.sc/M.Tech./B-pharma/ Mechatronics with minimum relevant 2-4 years of experienceOperated Automatic Inspection Machine for vials/cartridgesÂ Computer & administrative experience in visual inspection and packing activities. Should have basic computer skills.Age rangeÂ 22 to 30yearsForward CV s: ideal4@idealconsultants.com/ Call at 9989488750 Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Company Profile: Ideal Placement and Consultants (P) Ltd. A pioneering biotech company and a part of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, in the business of develop, produce and market cost effective human health care products that conform to international quality. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details