TITLE: Data & Applied Scientist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Applied Scientist Bing is all about data and using it to deliver the highest quality search experience - - our mission is to empower people with knowledge. Fostered by the unprecedented availability of web data and accelerated by the recent advances in deep learning, we are now at a pivotal moment in which huge amounts of both structured and unstructured data can be mined from the web to allow search engines to connect users directly with the information they need. Our ultimate goal is to fulfill any information need on the spot, whether on a desktop or mobile device. We see the web as the most comprehensive database for powering a multitude of services across all Microsoft products, from Bing to Excel to Skype, not to mention Cortana - - all of them need data. Join our team and help us to build the next generation of applications. You will be working in a small and agile group delivering e2e experience for the users. We are driving the development of a new set of e2e scenarios like Cricket Predictions, and feature teams like Bing Local to improve the quality of their services, or Cortana to learn and speak a new language. There is a great sense of job satisfaction that comes from working with a team of talented scientists, researchers, and engineers on highly visible projects that directly impact millions of comers on a daily basis. We are looking for strong, self- motivated machine learning and data scientists to help develop innovative scalable solutions. As a member of the team, you will be responsible for driving end- to- end experiments based on the most recent scientific literature. To aid you in your task, you will have access to petabytes of web data, query logs, click logs, and even session logs, which you can mine using powerful cloud computing systems. Responsibilities: Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning, data regression, and rule- based models Create language models from petabytes of text data in different languages Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and innovate to create next generation feature sets Work as part of product teams to implement algorithms that power user and developer- facing products reaching out to millions of users. Be responsible for measuring and optimizing the quality of your algorithms Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments Requirements: M.Tech/ MS degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field with 5 years of relevant experience Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field is a plus Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, PHP, and shell scripts Experience with recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar systems Experience with Hadoop/ Hbase/ Pig or Mapreduce/ Bigtable/ AzureML a plus Strong background in one or more of Large scale Data Mining, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Pattern Recognition or Natural Language Programming Background in text understanding Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php perl development python microsoft algorithms agile cloud computingdata mining Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Ph.D - Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details