TITLE: Senior Electrical Design Engineer (industrial Buildings)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Please find below details of the Job Opening. Position: Senior Electrical Design Engineer (Detailed Engineering) Location: Global Engineering Services Centre, Hyderabad Minimum Qualification: Degree in Electrical Engineering Years of Experience: 8 to 13 Years Type of Experience Required: Minimum 6 years in Design of industrial Electrical work. 5 - 8 years relevant experience minimum on Projects Design having various HT, MV and LT Power supply distribution. Additional experience needed on Fast Track Industrial Projects Capable of planning and completing projects. Ability to make design and operational decision to ensure technical teams consistently deliver good design, quality of work, realization of scope, meeting the schedule, hitting the construction budget. Having experience in industrial projects is a must. Should be very familiar with international codes such as IEC, IEEE, BS, ANSI and IS. Knowledge in power system studies & analysis. Technical Competencies Required: Knowledge of operating Power Management System Software (ETAP). Technical knowledge and understanding of Engineering Design for High Voltage and Low Voltage Electrical systems from Preliminary Design Technical knowledge and understanding of project execution processes Extensive knowledge of local code of practice for design implementation Broad experience in the design. The post holder must have working knowledge of current legislation and practices in all elements associated with Electrical building services. To be conversant in the following: - Power and Distribution Systems Earthing design and lightning protection Essential/uninterruptible power supply systems Back-up/standby power systems Variable speed drive systems Lighting Design Electrical Engineering practice and regulations Power system quality, electro-magnetic compatibility and harmonic distortion Design Calculations Software Ability to work to deadlines, under pressure and on own initiative. Experience of Quality systems Computer Aided Design Techniques Possess good written and oral communication skills, and the ability to communicate well at all levels and be able to control certain financial aspects of contracts and/or projects. Experience in the planning, organising and control of sub-contractors, be able to provide services to agreed standards, time scales and budgets Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office software like Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, PDF document generation and management Main Duties: Support design activities for Electrical system for HT, MV and LT Power supply distribution. Understand the scope of work assigned by their supervisor and develop project drawings / documents, using design softwares & tools, with the help of Jr. Engineers / Engineers / GETs, within the stipulated time. Should take ownership of Design tasks for mid-sized and Large projects assigned by their supervisor and deliver Electrical system design for the project Develop Electrical system Design, equipment sizing, Load list, Block diagrams, SLDs, equipment layout drawings, cable routing plan, wiring drawings, cable schedule, Earthing, lighting, small power socket layout, technical specification and data sheet, preparation of BOQs, Specifications for equipment and Tender packages. Programming for project implementation. Preparing procurement matrix, Technical Bid Analysis for packaged systems. Communicate and implement the Project Engineering Execution Plan (EEP) and related project procedures, to the discipline team. Peer review of design for Small / mid-sized Projects Review and understand the RFP and provide proposal support Training and mentoring Improve on Discipline standards & Tools Interact with Design Engineer to ensure that the necessary engineering documents are developed and meets the project requirement as per the project time lines. Perform Inter-Discipline coordination, technical bid analysis, vendor interactions, vendor shop drawing review / approval, construction support and client Interaction. Responsible for project deliverables / project deliverable schedule, coordination with DMs and other PDLs, to resolve any inter disciplinary issues in consultation with the Principal Engineer. Attend daily / weekly client meetings and internal project review meetings and updating OSIR. Working on CPP Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills Electrical Design ETAP E - TAP Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Electrical Company Profile: M+W Group .M+W Group is a global leader in the design, engineering and construction of high tech facilities and major complex projects. We have extensive in-house technical resources combining process, mechanical and electrical engineering, technology integration, lean construction and commissioning expertise. Our unique combination of high-tech engineering and excellent project management help our customers to reach their goals and to strive for new horizons. Since 1912 M+W Group has been at the forefront of engineering advanced design and construction solutions. Today, with over 6,000 technical professionals operating in over 30 countries worldwide, we have the expertise to deliver the most complex projects to the most exacting performance standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details