TITLE: Software Engineer 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time Microsoft Supply Chain IT (MSCIT) designs, builds and runs Microsofts global end- to- end consumer supply chain for high- tech devices and software services, including Xbox One, Xbox 360, Kinect, Surface, Band, HoloLens, Lumia and other forthcoming hardware products from Microsoft; serving hundreds of millions of comers throughout the world. Responsibilities encompass the full spectrum of sourcing, planning, manufacturing, and product localization, and distribution, repair and information technology functions with the highest quality and compliance standards at every stage. The Microsoft Supply Chain IT team is chartered to Protect, Enable & Improve operational performance with the latest enterprise technologies fuelling capabilities and integrating the extended supply chain. The pace of innovation is intense as Microsoft moves towards a Mobile first, Cloud first vision serving up new business models, new fulfilment channels, new markets and exciting new products that help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. This is a compelling opportunity to join a vigorous, rapidly- growing, successful organization that is committed to diversity and continuous improvement. We work hard and have fun! Microsoft Supply Chain IT group is tasked with building enterprise level World Wide Supply Chain solutions that support the design, manufacture, distribution, sales, and comer support of Microsoft's consumer electronics, games, and applications. This position presents tremendous opportunity to make a contribution to the delivery of our next generation of consumer products. Are you ready to be an integral part of a team that will help define and deliver global solutions for Microsoft consumer hardware products Are you a passionate, motivated and self- directed individual ready to build strong relationships across the business, architecture, program management and engineering in order to deliver new and innovative business capabilities through IT solutions Do you want to work on building Internet scale services that supports supply chain capabilities Join the Microsoft Supply Chain IT engineering team as a Software Engineer to drive services and engineering best practices to enable high quality internet scale services and user experiences that will collectively constitute the future of entertainment to millions of devices worldwide connected to the cloud and becoming a catalyst to drive solutions that matter. You will be an integral member of a growing team that is accountable for building an Internet Scale Infrastructure in support of Microsoft establishing position as the global leader in Connected Entertainment. Roles & Responsibilities * Develop, Design and implement complex requirements for enterprise applications using Microsoft Technologies applying best practices and design principals in building high quality solutions. * Collaborate with Technical leads and Architects in the team to ensure application design is aligned to the Future State Architecture * Convert complex design into solid implementations that scale and perform * Ensure solution delivered adheres to the technological standards established in the organization * Designs and implement proof of concept as needed for solutions as an individual contributor * Bring innovative approaches to the project functional areas that continuously improve our ability to deliver faster, better, and cheaper solution * Follow indry best practices for Agile development in a team environment * Research and keep current on IT trends, technologies and system solutions * Work closely with program manages, engineering and architecture teams to deliver high quality services Qualifications * 6 years of experience in system implementation, process analysis, and enterprise level services/ systems. * Excellent coding skills in C#/ C and strong knowledge with OOPS concepts. * Strong working experience with indepth expertise in delivering solutions based on ASP.Net, WCF, Web API, Windows Azure, C#. Experience working on Biztalk & SAP integration will be added advantage * Good working experience with Microsoft development tools and technologies (Visual Studio, .Net, C#) . * Good working knowledge of SQL Server including TSQL programming and/ or related database technologies. * Sound knowledge of data structures and algorithms * Familiar with Lean Scrum Ban or similar agile development/ implementation methodologies, and cross- functional engineering practices/ excellence. Expertise and knowledge in Agile engineering practices (Continuous Integration, TDD) * Strong verbal communications and cross- group collaboration skills. Good interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation * Sound judgment, decision- making skills, and ability to work under continual deadline pressure * Demonstrable passion for continuous applied learning & development * Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills with the ability to deal with ambiguity without stalling progress Education Qualifications BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sap sql server wcf flex data structures algorithms biztalkscrum enterprise applications Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details