TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Microsoft Dynamics CRM (Comer Relationship Management) is a rapidly growing business at Microsoft and is considered one of the leaders in Software as a Service in the world of business applications. CRM consists of a model driven platform that revolutionizes how business applications are designed and delivered. This platform drives business applications for domains such as Sales, Marketing and Comer Service - while also enabling comization by business users - or completely new solutions to be built by business users, developers, This is an exciting time to join CRM as we are revamping the Engineering Systems and processes used to create CRM. We are transforming CRM from legacy engineering systems (Build.exe, BuildTracker, WTT, utilizing on- premise hardware) to one using modern engineering systems such as Visual Studio Online/ VSTS, Git, and CloudBuild that run with scale and performance in the cloud. The CRM Engineering Fundamentals team is looking for an experienced Software Engineer to help architect the engineering experience, develop key systems, and help drive a smooth transition from the past to the future. In this role, your comers are the other engineers working on the CRM family of products - a geo- distributed workforce that requires highly reliable, performant, self- service engineering systems. This is a great opportunity to make a lasting, division- wide impact! The ideal candidate for this role is someone with a passion for engineering systems and improving the lives of their fellow engineers. You should have a proven track record of making an impact of your team, through design and development of performant, reliable, and highly usable, self- service systems. These engineering systems will be 24x7 systems with the same quality expectations as our production services. You should be the type of person who doesn t tolerate flakey behavior, who rolls up your sleeves and dives in and fixes the root cause of issues. You should have in- depth experience with one or more build and test systems in use by Microsoft, along with experience with at least some of the more modern engineering systems. VSTS, Open Source and Azure experience also desired - we will strive to utilize and build on top of existing solutions before we write our own. If you have helped a team transition to a modern engineering system in the past, that s great. On the technical side, you should have: - Relevant years of experience in software development - Deep knowledge of C#, ASP.NET, and SQL - Experience developing with Azure cloud services - Strong written and verbal communication skills - Ability to work in a dynamic and agile environment Able to collaborate well within the team and across product groups to deliver end to end experiences - Passionate, self- motivated and comer focused - BS/ MS in Computer Science or equivalent Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql software development agile visual studio customer service microsoft dynamics drivesvsts Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details