TITLE: Apps Consultant, Sr I

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Product Focus: IC Compiler, IC Compiler II Primarily drives and participates in technical engagements in the Asia Pac region. Key job functions included (but not limited to) the implementation of high performance designs using very advanced technology nodes (20nm or below) , deployment of low power and hierarchical solutions. Occasionally provides pre- sales technical support for the development and implementation of complex products/ applications/ solutions. Uses in- depth product knowledge to provide technical expertise to sales staff and the customer through technical engagements, sales presentations and product demonstrations. Assists the sales staff in assessing potential application of company products to meet customer needs and preparing detailed product specifications for the development and implementation of customer applications/ solutions. May create detailed design and implementation specifications for complex products/ applications/ systems. May build a mini- application based on customer requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the application, often requiring rapid prototyping and/ or product demo for client. May provide consultation to prospective users and/ or product capability assessment and validation. May also provide post- sales technical support for implementation, training and maintenance of company products/ applications/ solutions. Understands and explains related technical issues, knowledge of company products and all potential applications. Has a working knowledge of one or more programming languages. Has effective communication skills. Excellent customer interface, negotiation communication, and planning skills are required. Leads and manages complex tasks to achieve timely completion consistent with program schedule and cost constraints. Typically requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience. Possesses a solid understanding of specialization area plus working knowledge of one other related area. Resolves issues in creative ways. Exercises judgment in selecting methods and techniques to obtain solutions. Execute projects from start to completion. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. Receives little instructions on day- to- day work, general instructions on new assignments and projects. Determines and develops recommendations to solutions. Work is evaluated upon completion to ensure objectives have been met. Works on team- driven or task- oriented projects. May guide more junior peers with aspects of their job. Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synopsys (India) Private Limited Synopsys (India) Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details