TITLE: Immediate Opening for MSBI Power BI Developer, 3+ Yrs, Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from ASAP Info Systems!!!!!!!!! We have an immediate opening for MSBI with Power BI Developer, Bangalore. Mode: Contract to Hire Exp: 3+ Yrs. Notice Period: We are looking for Immediate joiners only. Its very urgent project. Please find below the job description. Job Description: Develop automated reports and dashboards using Power BI, Excel and other reporting tools Gather and understand business requirements to set functional specifications for reporting applications Clearly convey the key insights or "story" the data reveals in a visual format that is grouped, summarized, or formatted to be easily understood and actionable Gathers and prepares data from multiple sources to support information analytics Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with minimal supervision. Provide input to project planning, status and review meetings. Perform unit and integration testing and participate in reporting validation and QA efforts as they pertain to reporting and data analytics Perform other duties as assigned Interested candidates kindly send your updated resume along with recent pay slips of all your organizations to durgadevi@asapinfosystems.com. Note:Candidate should be available for F2F with prior intimation in respective TCS offices & pay slips are mandatory. Thanks & Regards, Devi K ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. 5th floor, Sathsurya Complex, Plot no 55, Kavuri hills main road, Above Cybercity Building Diagonally Opp to Madhapur police station Hyderabad, Telangana 500033 durgadevi@asapinfosystems.com , www.asapinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Power Bi MSBI microsoft bi microsoft business intelligence ms business intelligence Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 12 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics. ASAP understands the critical challenges Industry is facing to build and retain the talent pool and have complete range of people supply chain services to allow the customer to focus on the core business making them more productive. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details