TITLE: Engineering Managers for A Product Dev Co Based in Redmond

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our Client designs, builds and runs global end-to-end consumer supply chain for high-tech devices, software services and other hardware products; serving hundreds of millions of customers throughout the world. Responsibilities encompass the full spectrum of designing, sourcing, planning, manufacturing, product localization, and distribution, repair, exchange and information technology functions- with the highest quality and compliance standards at every stage. The Manufacturing & Supply Chain IT team is chartered to Protect, Enable & Improve operational performance with the latest enterprise technologies fuelling capabilities and integrating the extended supply chain. The pace of innovation is intense as the company moves towards a Mobile first, Cloud first vision-serving up new business models, new fulfilment channels, new markets and exciting new products that help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. This is a compelling opportunity to join a vigorous, rapidly-growing, successful organization that is committed to diversity and continuous improvement. We work hard and have fun! Manufacturing & Supply Chain IT group is tasked with building enterprise level World Wide Supply Chain solutions that support the design, plan, source, manufacture, distribution and customer support of the company's consumer electronics, games, and applications. This position presents tremendous opportunity to make a contribution to the delivery and enablement of our next generation of consumer products. Join the Manufacturing & Supply Chain IT engineering team to drive services and engineering best practices to enable high quality internet scale services and user experiences that will collectively constitute the future of entertainment to millions of devices worldwide connected to the cloud and becoming a catalyst to drive solutions that matter. You will be an integral member of a growing team that is accountable for building an Internet Scale Infrastructure in support of the companies establishing position as the global leader in Connected Entertainment. ROLES/RESPONSIBILITIES The mscit team is seeking a highly motivated Engineering Lead to lead the Software Engineering team driving projects that support MSC business. As a Senior Software Engineering Lead you will be responsible for deeply understanding our clients needs, both end-user as well as developers, translating those needs into detailed plans and designs for software engineer consumption and gaining broad consensus on those plans and designs with a wide variety of constituents. Key deliverables include reviewing and understanding Project plans, use-cases, functional specs, configuration specs, and detailed work breakdown structures to enable the engineering team to confidently estimate and then develop capabilities for the business, on time and on budget. Successful candidates will have demonstrated expertise and knowledge in MS technologies like .NET, Sharepoint, Biz Talk and SQL server and an aptitude for driving technical requirements and finally and most importantly a deep interest in maintaining high quality customer Focus. The candidate will have detailed knowledge of .Net, ASP, SharePoint Technologies, SQL, and services oriented architecture technologies, along with the ability to integrate with 3rd party off-the-shelf and custom in-house solutions. Experience in implementing business solutions in the Supply Chain domain would be an added advantage. The candidate will need to communicate at many organizational levels, balance daily support needs with long-term strategy, and successfully converting project plans into software reality. It is desired that the candidate have a demonstrated ability to work successfully in a matrixed organization with multiple customers/owners, along with both direct employees and dotted-line reporting talent. Own, Design and deliver complex enterprise applications using Microsoft Technologies applying best practices and design principals in building high quality solutions. Collaborate with Technical Architects in the team to ensure application design is aligned to the Future State Architecture Convert complex design into solid implementations that scale and perform. Ensure solution delivered adheres to the technological standards established in the organization. Define/document Best Practices in the technical areas assigned to. Designs and implement proof of concept as needed for solutions as an individual contributor. Partner and influence stakeholders across business and engineering teams, embracing cross-boundary collaboration and driving win-win relationships and results. Work closely with solution management, engineering and architecture teams to deliver high quality services Knowledge on Cloud technologies Microsoft Azure, Windows Desktop, amazon aws, and Phone application development. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 15+ years of overall experience with 12+ years in IT/ Engineering experience, and 9+ years operating in a complex, multi-system customer data mastering environment. Outstanding coding skills in C#/C++ and strong knowledge with OOPS concepts. Strong working experience with indepth expertise in delivering solutions based on ASP.Net, WCF, Web API, Windows Azure, C#. Strong working experience with Microsoft development tools and technologies (Visual Studio, .Net, C#). Experience in SOA or Cloud computing highly preferred. Good working knowledge of SQL Server including TSQL programming and/or related database technologies. Strong experience in Data structures, Algorithms and Design patterns. Experience with shipping multiple full project release as Senior Software. Past experience in Manufacturing and supply chain would be desired. BE/B.Tech degree in Computer Science, MIS, engineering or a related field Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India.CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing, Talent Acquisition Strategy and Planning, Compensation Advisory, University Recruitment, Leadership Acquisition, Talent Branding, Role Design, Performance Management Systems, Outplacement and Exit Management. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details