TITLE: Manager - Recruitment/volume Hiring - BPO

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manager Recruitment (Volume / Bulk Hiring) - BPO in Hyderabad & Noida. Job Description : - Leads the staffing process and completion of hiring goals. - Measures and analyzes key recruiting metrics for the purpose of managing recruiting effectiveness and educating our clients. - Work closely with business in order to deeply understand teams organization structure, responsibilities, strengths/weaknesses and key business drivers. Utilize this information to develop most effective recruiting strategies. - Consult with internal clients on overall recruiting strategy for both the short and long term needs of the business. - Responsible for working with Business Leaders and hiring managers to define recruiting plan for the year. - Initiate and maintain a network of contacts to help identify qualified candidates for hiring needs. Help drive all sourcing channels actively, including employee referrals, utilization of vendors, campus hiring, etc. - Use the recruiting process to drive the most effective and targeted recruiting strategies to impact business success, including guidance on job descriptions, levels, interview loops and candidate sourcing strategy. - Active participation in the full cycle of recruitment efforts, including emphasis on the ability of assessment skills to help evaluating candidates and ensuring the highest bar. - Lead final assessment and selection process. - Emphasis on continuous improvement, as such it is expected that you will spend time to ensure ongoing education of hiring managers and interviews on recruitment best practice and interview skills training. Desired Candidate Profile : - 10-12 years of experience in Volume / Bulk Hiring in an MNC BPO. BPO Hiring is mandatory. And, IT Hiring is not suitable - Graduate degree. Post Graduation in Human Resources from premier institute is preferred. - Strong sourcing skills with a track record of implementing innovative and effective strategies for sourcing passive candidates. - Should have a proper understanding on Market Talent pool, be capable of doing branding & attracting talent. - Ability to understand business requirements and frame these requirements in such a way that technical and operational solutions can be developed for the highest impact. - Desire to work in a dynamic, aggressively growing environment. - Excellent Verbal and written English skills required. - Requires an approachable personal style, effective problem analysis, ability to deal effectively with change and conflict and excellent planning and organization skills. - Knowledge of other fields of HR is a plus. - Requires strong negotiating, influencing and interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Recruitment Bulk Hiring Volume Hiring HR It Hiring BPO Hiring Campus Hiring Sourcing Strategy Selection Process Staffing Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Search Light A Leading Client of Search Light A Leading Client of Search Light Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details