TITLE: Neuro / EEG Technician

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Recognition of ictal and inter-ictal electrographic patterns. Ability to manage clinical seizure and/or other medical emergencies as required. Experience / background with performing respiratory care or sleep disorder testing. Prepares facilities in accordance with procedural requirements; calibrates equipment, and prepares medicine and materials as required; cleans and disinfects equipment in accordance with sterile procedures and standards. Prepares patient for procedures as appropriate to requirements; explains procedures to patients and positions patients as appropriate to prescribed procedure; assists patients at end of procedure. Determines appropriate methodology and techniques to use in administering procedures; calibrates and adjusts equipment as appropriate; arranges immobilization and/or support devices for proper patient positioning; adjusts shields; selects appropriate devices/equipment. Follows prescribed procedure in the administration of procedure; determines appropriate calibrations and/or techniques, arranges immobilization and/or support devices, and selects appropriate devices/equipment. Maintains stock supplies and assists administrators in determining quantities for purchase; performs general office duties such as delivering and retrieving studies, recording procedure codes for billing purposes, typing forms, and scheduling patients. May take mobile unit to patient's room or other setting to perform procedures, as appropriate to the operational context of the specific position. Ensures proper care in the use and maintenance of equipment and supplies; promotes continuous improvement of workplace safety and environmental practices Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Lab Technician/Medical Technician/Lab Staff Keyskills EEG Neurology neuro Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Cancer Treatment Services Hyderabad Pvt. Ltd. Citizens Hospital represents a continuation of the effort to elevate the state of healthcare in India and overall health of the Indian society. To do so, we sought collaboration from major healthcare players in the US, recruited doctors with training and experience at top international centers and implemented protocols to ensure every patient who visits us receives care guided by the same medical evidence doctors in top world hospitals follow. The result is a hospital that treats all patients with the sample level of respect, dignity and medical expertise as top hospitals found anywhere in the world. Citizens will serve all medical needs of the local community. Our doctors provide treatment, supportive care, screenings for early detection and preventive measures spanning more than 30 specialties and super-specialties, including all forms of cancer as well as heart, lung, brain, digestive, musculo-skeletal and kidney conditions.In the field of Cancer, Citizens collaborates with American Oncology Institute, the flagship international center for US-based Cancer Treatment Services International. AOI provides comprehensive cancer care based on top US standards. All treatment plans undergo review and confirmation by US-based cancer experts. AOI provides radiation and medical oncology services in a dedicated facility on the Citizens Hospital campus and provides surgical oncology and inpatient services in coordination with Citizens.For Diagnostics, Citizens partners with AmPath, which collaborates directly with UPMC, recognized as one of the top 10 hospitals in the United States. Patients have access to thousands of cutting-edge laboratory tests, health checks and investigative panels right on campus, with most results available on the same day as testing Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details