TITLE: Immediate Opening for .Net Developer.

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi Greetings!!! We are SIS Software India Pvt Ltd, currently looking out for Sr.Net developers with the following skill set ,we request you to go through the job profile and revert with your updated profile to take it forward. Job Title: Sr. Net Developer Experience: 4-7 Yrs. Location: Hyderabad Qualification: BE/B.Tech/Any Graduate Company: SIS Software (India) Pvt Ltd Required Skills: Extensive knowledge of the Microsoft.Net development platform. 3-5+ years: C#, MVC, MVVM including .NET 4.0 framework and above 1-3 years: Angular JS and Java script 2-4 years: SQLServer 2-4 years: n-tier development experience 2-2+ years: Web API / wcf / web services 1-2+ years: Html and css experience Experience with Source Control (i.e. Clear Case, Subversion) Nice to have Unit Testing frameworks (i.e. NUnit, MS Testing Framework If you are interested for this contract position, please let us know the following details. Full Name: C.CTC: E.CTC: Notice Period: Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills NUnit WCF SQL Server C# Web Services Net Javascript .Net Agile Scrum Master Angual js knockout js wcf webservices dot net .net developer dot net developer asp.net developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Surgical Information Systems India Pvt.Ltd. ( SIS Software (I) Pvt.Ltd) SIS Software (India) Pvt. Ltd is a 100% subsidiary of Surgical Information Systems Inc., Atlanta, GA. SIS providing software solutions to US hospitals with the mission to enhance the quality, organization, delivery and outcome of surgical services through information technology is the principal business of the company. Some of our clients in US hospitals include Duke University Medical Center, St. Luke's, Kaiser, Kaleida, Ochsner, Health First and Health South enjoy our Product advantages: streamlined surgical services, enhanced patient care, increased savings and improved throughput. The Indian subsidiary is dedicated to the research and development and quality assurance of the company's software product line. The focus is on working proactively with the clients to design and prototype new software products and to enhance and continue to improve the quality of the company's software. Healthcare facilities across the USA are using our software to improve their surgery departments in terms of patient care as well as financial performance. Please visit our website http://www.sisfirst.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details