TITLE: Speciality Chef - Hyderabadi Cuisine

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Chef will understand and follow the established recipes to achieve brand consistency and quality standards set by company. Cook and design authentic hyderabadi dishes and expand the menu selections. Develop standard recipes and techniques for Hyderabadi Cuisine preparation and presentation. Ensure that food preparation is economical and technically correct and within budgeted costs. Evaluate food product to ensure that quality standards are consistently attained. Develop policies and procedure to enhance and measure quality. Provide training and professional development opportunities to kitchen staff, if required. Create and implement inventory control systems to maximize saving and minimize wastage. Verifies that all portion sizes, quality standards, department rules, policies and procedures are maintained. Consistently offer professional, friendly and proactive guest service while supporting fellow colleagues. Follow all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage. Must have comprehensive food knowledge, which includes profit and loss statements, cost control, menu planning, budgeting, inventory control. Must have ability to work in any kitchen with high volume production in fine dining restaurants. Rollout new culinary programs in conjunction with marketing team and culinary team. Candidate represented for Hyderabadi Food Festival is preferred. Culinary degree preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Sous Chef Keyskills Food Preparation Kitchen Cost Control Menu Planning Guest Service Providing Training Quality Standards Inventory Control Hyderabadi Cuisine Hyderabadi Food Festival Nizami Food Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Paradise Food Court Pvt Ltd eginning as a modest cafÃƒÂ© in 1953, Paradise has grown into one of the most-admired restaurant chains in the country today - a testament to our committed pursuit of culinary and service excellence. A permanent fixture on Hyderabad's cultural scene,people consider a trip to the city incomplete without a visit to this iconic place that serves the best Biryani.Our award-winning cuisine is loved for its purity and taste, true in every mouthful to its royal origins. We serve authentic Hyderabadi, Indian and Chinese cuisine to thousands of guests every day. A true people's favourite, the place also attracts distinguished guests and celebrities. For many, our Restaurants invoke fond memories of good times spent with friends and families. All through the day, they teem with the sparkling energy of guests enjoying delicious Hyderabadi cuisine in a relaxing ambience. With multiple formats that include charming cafes, busy bakeries and welcoming restaurants, our Food courts are favourite haunts for people from all walks of life.For the convenience and safety of our guests, we have valet parking and adequate security arrangements. We also practice the highest quality and hygiene standards to ensure our cuisine remains top-notch in all aspects. We have been recognized as one of the best Restaurants serving authentic Hyderabadi cuisine by respected media and internet organizations like The Times of India, National Geographic Traveler and Burrp!. We, however, believe that our greatest reward is the trust and loyalty bestowed on us by our delighted guests. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details