TITLE: Deputy Channel Development Manager-exide Life Insurance- Secunderabad

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hello, The Interested Candidate can find the below Job description of DCDM (Deputy Channel Development Manager) for Various locations. 1. Recruitment of Agency Managers and Financial Consultants 2. Training and supporting Agents/FCs to recruit Insurance Advisers. 3. Business Development through agency managers and advisors, FCs. 4. Field Support to Agents in Sales Closure 5. Ensuring Self & Team's Knowledge on Products & Processes 6. Ensuring Achievement of Goal by driving Team of Agents & Advisors 7. Following Organizational Policies 8. Ensuring "Sacchhi Advise" to the Customers for a Long Lasting Relationship 9. Unlimited earning opportunities. 10. Career growth potential. Age (Min to Max) Min: 30yrs Max: 35yrs Experience (Min to Max) 4 to 10 yrs Salary to be offered 3.5 to 4.5Lakhs p.a Industry Preference (Insurance, Telecom, BFSI) Strictly insurance ( exceptions can be taken by the REVP ) should be at SSM/GSM equivalent designation in current role. Specific Skill Sets and Weight age assigned to various skill sets High on energy, ability to go out and recruit from competition . Any other specific requirements/ preferences Needs to have a strong track record. We will measure this by 1. No of promotions taken in the company 2. Earnings in his current role. Contact: Â Radhika HR Contact: 9160767848 Email ID: radhika.c100564@exidelife.in Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Attractive Incentive Structure and Foreign Trips Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Life Insurance Channel Development agency channel agency manager sales officer sales manager Insurance Sales insurance agents agency development manger agency channel development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Exide Life Insurance Company Limited Exide Life Insurance Company Limited (formerly ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited) commenced operations in 2001 and is head quartered in Bangalore. The company is profitable and serves over 10 lakh customers across India and manages over INR 8,800 crores in assets. The company is 100% Exide Life Insurance Company Limited (formerly ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited) commenced operations in 2001 and is head quartered in Bangalore. The company is profitable and serves over 10 lakh customers across India and manages over INR 8,800 crores in assets. The company is 100% owned by Exide Industries Limited and is proud to be part of a 100 year old brand heritage in India. Exide Life Insurance distributes its products through multi-channels viz. Agency, Banc assurance, Alliances and Direct Channels. The Agency channel comprises of over 35,000 advisors who are attached to over 200 company offices and customer care centers across the country. The Alliances business includes distribution relationships with banks, Corporate Agents, Brokers & Referral Partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details