TITLE: Senior Program Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements: Flex Time Microsoft IT India (MSIT India) - located in Hyderabad - is the largest IT operations center outside of Microsoft headquarters in Redmond. It is the offshore arm of the Microsoft IT Engineering Divisions, which employs a host of niche technologies towards developing mission- critical business applications for Microsoft Corporation. The Discovery & Collaboration (DisCo) - Engineering is a global team that provides platform for publishing corporate- compliant apps (Windows Mobile, Store, O365 etc.) for Microsoft employees worldwide. We build cutting edge Mobility and Cloud solutions enabling developers to be more productive while developing their applications and services. This is all part of Microsoft s big investment in Enterprise Mobility and the Cloud. We have some very challenging problems to solve and some great partners to work with to allow us to deliver a lot of value back to our products and to Microsoft as a whole. In addition, our solutions also focus on cross- platform, so we have a lot to do with iOS and Android as well. The primary focus of this role is to: Enable HockeyApp as the V.Next for current IT Dev Center (app publishing platform) & an Enterprise App publishing platform Partner with, and influence MSFT organizations to build/ deliver joint solutions increasing stakeholder s productivity Assess common needs across internal stakeholders of our Enterprise Mobility Services [e.g. Windows, EMS, HockeyApp, Store for Business]. Partner with engineering teams to determine opportunities, drive backlog prioritization of those services. Drive innovation (Experiments and POCs) to enable users to accelerate business outcomes. Work with the DisCo program teams, other MSIT BPUs, the First and Best team, product groups, and ISRM to drive a strategy, POR, and discrete deliverables that help teams accelerate the delivery of world class modern experiences. Job Responsibilities - Ability to execute projects using the Agile development methodology. - Make effective decisions in a dynamic environment and in ambiguous situations - Communicate clearly, concisely, and credibly with various levels of the organization - Gathering and managing cross- team requirements from comers, functional and virtual teams - Provides status updates and other critical information to cross functional project members/ and or staff members, senior management, clients, and comers - Technical curiosity and aptitude to quickly understand service capabilities, technical landscape - Most importantly having technical depth on following areas App Development & Publishing (Windows, iOS, Android) , Enterprise Mobility Management (MDM, MIM, MAM) , Xamarin, Cordova, Pre- Emptive, AppInsights, App Wrapping, Azure Services, ASP.Net (MVC 3, 4, 5) , RESTful & OData API, WCF Services. - Work and collaborate well with multiple groups Qualifications: - Degree in Computer Science, MIS or related field or 12 - 15 years of related work experience - Experience working in Agile Development Methodologies. - Experience with Enterprise Mobility & App Development, Cross Platform (iOS, Android, Xamarin) - Experience with Device Management, App Management, Information Management - Experience delivering projects/ products to market is preferred - Experience writing functional and HLD is required - Experience with SQL Server or other enterprise scale databases preferred - Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English are required - M have the ability and self- confidence to make strategic and tactical decisions with minimal or no supervision Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills sql server development windows android flex microsoft miswindows mobile ems Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details