TITLE: Customer Success Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Own overall relationship with clients, which include: Increasing adoption, ensuring retention, and satisfaction. Establish a trusted/strategic advisor relationship with each assigned client and drive continued value of our products and services. Develop, prepare, and nurture customers for advocacy. Work with clients to establish critical goals, or other key performance indicators and aid the customer in achieving their goals. Work to identify and/or develop upsell opportunities. Advocate customer needs/issues cross-departmentally. Program manage account escalations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Customer Success Associate client relationship management sales account management Desired Candidate Profile QualificationsÂ Proven ability to drive continuous value of our product(s).Â Familiarity working with clients of all sizesÂ Impeccable written and verbal communication skills.Â Detail oriented and analytical.Â Strong team player but still a self-starter.Â Thrives in a multi-tasking environment and can adjust priorities on-the-fly.Â Prior experience in Customer Success or equivalent history of increasing customer satisfaction, adoption, and retention is a plusRequirementsDegree from a top tier college0-1 years of relevant experience is a plus.Prior experience in closing sales deals at the executive level a plus.Eager to learn, adapt and perfect your work; you seek out help and put it to good use. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: My Ally - Startup My Ally (formerly Skedool.it) is a smart personal assistant services company that is currently focused on scheduling. Alex is your smart personal assistant that efficiently and promptly handles your day to day scheduling needs. We are currently inviting users to sign up for our private beta. Please check us out at www.myally.ai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details