TITLE: Java UI SSE / Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings !! We have urgent Openings for Java with UI Professionals with Top MNC. Work Location : Bangalore & Hyderabad Exp : 7 to 14 Yrs Job Description : Required skills: Should have: Java, SpringMVC, REST Webservices, Hibernate, Struts, AJAX,JavaScript, JQuery, HTML/CSS If you feel you are suitably equipped with above mentioned skills/ criteria then revert with your updated CV and below details at kajal.v@careernetwork.in 1.Full Name: 2.Current Company: 3.Payroll Company : 4.Total Experience: 5.Relevant Exp : 7.Current location: 8.Preferred location: 9.Current CTC: 10.Expected CTC: 11.Notice Period: 12.Highest Qualification: 13.Reason for change: Please help us by forwarding this mail to your friends or colleagues who would also be interested with this current Requirement. If already received this mail then please ignore. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills HTML Javascript Java Ajax JQuery Spring Mvc CSS Rest Struts Hibernate corejava core java UI user interface Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Career Network CAREER NETWORK is a premier consultancy involved in manpower recruitment. We cater to the manpower requirements of corporate of all sizes, all over India. Ours is a professionally managed consultancy company with expertise in referring/short listing right candidates, fulfilling the required criteria for a given job. Through a unique combination of skills, competencies, knowledge and favorable experience, is able to offer Manpower services ranging IT Industry. If you need expert candidates to keep your busifrom consultancy to turnkey project implementation and operation. We recognize and cater to the special needs of clients in the various industries, specializing inness ahead in fast moving technology fields, we are here to help. We pride ourselves in bridging the gap between employers and candidates by assisting companies in recruiting the best candidates available and assisting professionals in finding great career opportunities. Our consultants provide valuable insight and assistance in the hiring process that goes beyond recruiting. Working closely with clients from the commencement of the project through to the offer stage, we ensure our clients receive the very best candidates for a successful placement. We are able to accurately assess the skills and qualifications of candidates and have a thorough understanding of the nature of the positions we are filling Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details