TITLE: Opening for Team Developer Accounting

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description (Overview of Role) Trade Finance Bank facilitates export & import transactions across the regions. We handle end to end products in Trade finance, currently we are looking for recruitment in the following processes: o Imports - Issuing & Amend of Letter of Credits o Document Collections o Standby Letter of Credit. o Payment /Reimbursement Processing o Open Accounts o OFAC Audit o Doc Checking o Export Advising & Confirmation o Export and Import Payments o Supply Chain Finance o Trade Advance Loans o BPO (Banking Payment Obligation) The above mentioned Sub-Process of Trade are handled in accordance with Organizational Policies, Rule and Guidelines (Ex: UCP/ISBP/URC/URR/ISP), International Compliance Procedures and Import and Export Restrictions Responsibilities o Monitor and ensure to clear all queries as per TAT o Monitor Mailbox and act accordingly without delay. Distribute work among the team on priority basis o Support fellow team members on queries relating to process o Verify all transactions o Identify risk areas in the process and implement mitigation plans o Escalate any process related ambiguities to the supervisors or manager for clarification o Support the team manager in capturing performance related data and report MIS on a timely basis o Have innovative approach to work and continuously identify and implement process improvements o Seek opportunities to improve process by initiating best practices o Strong analytical, conceptual and problem solving skills with attention to detail; critical thinker and exercises sound judgment o Strong data analytical skillsÂ Â Requirements o Education* Any Graduation o Certifications If Any - NA o Experience Range* - 3 Yrs - 5 Yrs o Mandatory skills* - Basic accounting Knowledge o Designation - Team Developer Required Skills o Any Graduate or MBA International Business/Finance o Good Communication Skills, Both Verbal/Written o Prior Experience ( 3 5 Years ) o CDCS Certification- ( Preferable ) o In-depth knowledge of letter of credit cycle and processes o Knowledge of guidelines such as UCP, URR, ISBP, etc. o Highly motivated, able to work independently, self starter; and problem/solving/analytical o Excellent interpersonal skills; positive attitude; team player; flexible Competencies o Self-Driven and Eager to learn and perform under Pressure o Perform self-review of data inputted in the back office systems. Ensure secondary review for such data is performed by the assigned reviewer in the process o Ensure that all established procedures are followed. o Financial Services/Ops experience preferred o Excellent organizational skills are required with the ability to prioritize workload, work accurately and efficiently under pressure. o To be flexible in their attitude and approach; have a strong desire to learn from day to day scenarios. o Excellent Computer skills (especially keyboard speed and accuracy - 60wpm typing speed) o Good Communication skills (spoken and written English) o Able to work in a fast paced and busy environment (high volume with tight turnaround times) o Tertiary qualification in Business/commerce/Finance definitely preferred. Work Timings - 6.30 am 5.30 am (window) Flexible with Shifts Job Location* - Hyderabad Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills Team Development Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. Overview ( Bank of America overview, BA Continuum India overview, Business Overview) Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. BA Continuum is a nonbank subsidiary of Bank of America, part of our Global Delivery Center of Expertise in the bank. Our employees help our customers and clients at every stage of their financial lives, helping them connect to what matters most. This purpose defines and unites us. Every day, we are focused on delivering value, convenience, expertise and innovation for the individuals, businesses and institutional investors we serve worldwide. We're committed to attracting and retaining top talent across the globe to ensure our continued success. Along with taking care of our customers, we want to be the best place for people to work and aim at creating a work environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. supports business process, information technology and knowledge process across Consumer Banking, including Card and Home Loans, Legacy Asset Servicing, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Wealth and Investment Management lines of business at Bank of America. GWBO - Comprises operations for commercial, corporate, investment banking and government clients; for all lines of business in the US, Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA) region and the Asia Pacific region. GWBO delivers a wide range of financial services solutions. These services include the implementation and servicing of Credit, Depository, Treasury products and Trade Finance; processing of payments such as wires, ACH transactions and Trade services. Process Overview* Global Wholesale Banking Operations comprises operations for Commercial and Corporate banking clients. These operations support the business across US, Asia Pacific, & EMEA regions. GWBO functions include implementation and servicing of credit, depository and treasury products; processing of payments and processing of trade finance transactions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details