TITLE: Research Associate II - In-vivo Biology

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Handling and dosing of small laboratory animals like rats and mice.Â Participates in study planning, execution and results discussion.Â Development of infectious disease models in rodents is required.Â Data collection, analysis using various statistical tools and communicates within the team.Â Scientific literature search and technical support to the pharmacology group for carrying out various project activities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills infectious disease models viral infection in - vivo Desired Candidate Profile M. Pharm in pharmacology or M.Sc, with 3-5 yrs of pharmaceutical/biotech industrial work experience is must.Â Having acute and or chronic Viral/Fungal/Bacterial infection disease models, isolation of cells from different tissue/organ of animal source is a plus and preferred.Also vaccine development and evaluation in rodent models is significant advantage.Having multitasking experience is plus and should have the ability to manage time effectively and able to perform different works under tight timelines.Â Good verbal and written communication skills are needed. Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Biology, Biotechnology, Microbiology, Zoology, M.Pharma - Pharmacy Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Nektar Therapeutics (India) Pvt. Ltd. Nektar Therapeutics is a leading biopharmaceutical company developing a robust pipeline of novel therapeutics based on its advanced polymer conjugate chemistry technology platform. Nektar also partners with the top biopharmaceutical companies to bring new products to market. Nektar India is a Hyderabad based Bio pharmaceutical company, a 100% subsidiary of Nektar Therapeutics Pvt Ltd., USA. We have a have a history of bringing to market blockbuster drugs e.g. - Neulasta, Cimzia, Mercera, Somavert, Pegasys and the most recent being Movantik . Over the years we have built a fully integrated R & D organization and currently have a strong pipeline with multiple programs in Phase I/II and Phase III clinical stages. Further, information regarding company profile could be found on our website: www.nektar.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details