TITLE: Atlassian Developer - Java/ J2EE

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities - Create functional specifications, carry out feasibility analysis and provide effort estimation - Participate in Design, Development, Testing and Maintenance of Software Products - Be an integral part of the software development team to understand source control, build, testing, branching, and release needs that need to be part of the Software Development Environment - Lead root cause analysis of software and system defects and work with a complex code base, taking the initiative to solve problems and provide clean solutions. - Analyze existing software products and recommend new technical developments. - Improve the functionality, reliability, performance, usability of the Software Products - Create and maintain product technical documentation - Contribute to the development of key guidelines to provide standardization of effort throughout all products. - Comply with good software engineering principles, including but not limited to standard coding, documentation, version control and testing practices - Work closely with other team members in an Agile development environment. - Work efficiently with minimum supervision. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2Ee Software Development Software Engineering Agile Development Coding Version Control Feasibility Analysis Development Testing Design Development Desired Candidate Profile Preferred Qualifications 6+ years of Professional software development experience in Java/J2EE Experience working with the Atlassian SDK and developing add-ons for Atlassian products Strong knowledge of one or more Atlassian tools like JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo or Bitbucket is required Experience working with U/X technologies such as HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, etc. Experience working with JavaScript libraries like D3, RequireJS, and Backbone is preferred Strong Java, Web Services (REST) development experience is required Experience in using/extending REST Services provided by Atlassian. Experience with SQL and a variety of RDBMS environments (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc) Experience with Git and/or Mercurial Version Control System Strong experience in Maven and Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins or Bamboo Strong ability to apply analytical and problem-solving skills to solve complex design and coding challenges. Ability to work as a valued team player in a fast-paced environment in small teams Strong working knowledge of software build, packaging, release management and installation process. Expertise in using project planing and management software. Experience with Agile software development methodologies. Ability to interact with any level within an organization. Ability to self-motivate and multi-task. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. B.E/B.Tech in EE, EECS, CS, MIS or comparable discipline Excellent verbal and written English. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Okda Solutions Leading client of Okda Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details