TITLE: Senior Application Developer - Android / iOS / Phonegap

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills required - Android / iOS application development (3+ years) PhoneGap experience is a big + Good understanding of application development models and design patterns Backend development is a big + (1+ years). RestFul API etc. Should have used or have good knowledge on Social media integration and ads framework integration GitHub/Git experience (Should have used in the recent project) Thorough understanding of service integration such as RestFul services, XML based services (SOAP) Should have implemented Android / iOS apps from inception to rollout phase Should have knowledge in deploying or app release via Google Playstore or Apple Appstore Good understanding of coding using database and best coding practices UI/UX design experience is a big + Product development is a big + Ability to learn and adapt to cutting edge mobile technologies, such as React Native, MEAN etc. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills github grunt playstore appstore RestFul API SOAP Application Designing design patterns development models mobile ads social media integration sqllite Desired Candidate Profile Responsibilities -Work passionately, independently and in a results oriented work place. Timesheet is out of question.Write quality, scalable, maintainable code.Be accountable for code quality and writing tests (unit and integration).Be expected to help lead architectural discussions and decisions.Help and advise in the selection of the most appropriate frameworks to use with the application.Perform code reviews and participate in suggesting and supporting coding best practices.Balanced, smart and positive attitude towards company goals, clients and technologiesOut of the box idea head with excellent communication skills.'Why not try this' attitude is awesomely expected. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Berelabs Llp A startup emerging from the Silicon valley of the world - San Francisco, California, and founders with the vision of products from their diversified experience in telecom, automation and product development, forms the roots of our company. We are not looking to disrupt the world with our work. We are here to build smarter, simple and efficient solutions that fits to most of the problems. Imagine a key that opens almost all the doors. That said, we are here to attack the solution, not the problem - a Swiss Knife Strategy. We are building a platform / product / services that will change the way our users, clients look at the problem solution approach. So, if you're looking to work in a rapid pacing workplace, answer your own phone, be your own manager and change the way that traditionally work, tell your friends and family that you're a high-flying risk taker that just joined a startup, email us @ iaminterested@berelabs.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details