TITLE: Tech Support Engineer

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Understanding the software products / product review / product exploring preparing the daily, weekly, Monthly marketing action plan for product marketing via Cold Calls. 2. Organising the product presentation to the marketing team for the initiated cold calls, responding to the hot calls at the right time with the right solutions. 3. Sending the promotional mail to all calls with the related product information. 4. Preparing and sending the quotes to the clients on the list price, with proper taxation, terms and conditions which are referred for all products. 5. Preparing the quotes based on the available Standard templates. 6. Updating the list of Quotation in the CRM as per the company standards. 7. Follow up for the orders, once received the PO, coordinating with accounts department for raising invoices. 8. Responsible to prepare the Delivery challans as required for delivering the product and confirming the receipt of the delivery 9. Follow ups on all enquiries, Submit & updating the daily, weekly, Monthly marketing & sales reports to Submit concern Manager. 10. Gather customer information about technical trends/needs to support development of selling strategies and future products. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills Sales Product Marketing Selling Cold Calling CRM Product Presentation Follow Ups Action Plan Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil, Electrical, Mechanical PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Samhita Integrated Solutions SIS BIM in association with " The Design Integrated ", Dubai, with a team of Architects & Engineers having national and international experience aimed to provide the professional services towards cost-effective, BIM Modelling Services, Shop drawings through BIM & CAD, High quality architectural renderings and 3D Animations to our Clients. SIS BIM which is located in Hyderabad, India to facilitate large production possibilities. SIS BIM comprised of 23 team members of high caliber, who are having national and international experience from Gulf region. SIS BIM caters to the needs of architects, engineers and consultants in the construction & manufacturing industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details