TITLE: Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In response to a rapidly growing call center environment, the Enterprise Contact Center Services (ECCS) organization was created in 2010. Their mission is to support JPMC's call centers by creating, building and maintaining innovative, reliable, and cost- effective call center solutions to support those who serve our customers. As a Application Developer , you will demonstrate the ability to perform detailed analysis of customer business requirements to ascertain the core business need then design, develop, and implement optimal technical solutions to provide business reports and applications. Attention to detail is required with the ability to handle multiple project assignments within the agreed upon priorities and expected completion dates. You will utilize mature programming methodologies and languages and adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation. Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills, including the ability to communicate effectively are required. Responsibilities include: Participating in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts, and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed IT solution Estimating the level of programming effort required for projects and managing to those estimates Participating in design reviews and providing input to the design recommendations; incorporating security requirements into design and providing input to information/ data flow; understanding and complying to Project Life Cycle methodology in all planning steps Adhering to IT Control Policies throughout design, development and testing and incorporating Corporate Architectural Standards into application design specifications Documenting the detailed application specifications, translating technical requirements into programmed application modules and developing/ enhancing software application modules Participating in code reviews and ensuring that all solutions are aligned to pre- defined architectural specifications; Identifying/ troubleshooting application code- related issues; and reviewing and providing feedback to the final user documentation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript core java ejb software development jdbc sybase business intelligence sdlc coding Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications 5 years of experience as an Application Developer Proven experience in core Java/ Java EE (Servlets, JSP, EJB, JNDI, JDBC) . Demonstrated proficiency in Oracle PL/ SQL programming, Sybase. Experience with Business Intelligence Studio and designing Reporting Services reports Solid understanding and experience in the SDLC including design, coding, testing and debugging skills Understanding of the Project Life Cycle (PLC) ; ability to estimate software development portion of projects and manage to project estimates Demonstrated excellence with oral and written communication skills Experience with JavaScript, Unix Shell Scripting is preferred Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details