TITLE: Designer 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements : Flex Time Are you excited by the latest and greatest in technology and design tools Do you have a passion for perfection, excellence, innovation and user satisfaction Do you want to work on applications and platforms that impact users from around the globe Are you an excited by the prospects of being an expert in designing enterprise applications characterized by complex scenarios, use cases and aiming for world class user interfaces If that sounds like you and you have fun doing all that and more - this is the opportunity for you! We, the Microsoft IT India UX Team serve the UX needs of multiple business groups across Microsoft IT. We are looking for an individual, who can help us drive our applications to the next generation through their passion towards technology, quality, engineering excellence, effective communications & collaboration. We are a small group that works close and offers many learning opportunities in technical & functional areas. We are looking for a Designer to guide the evolution of our brand, personality, and design patterns across IT s applications and services. The Designer will help define the information architecture of these products as they relate to other products and services in IT and collaborate with a multidisciplinary design team to ensure organization design alignment. The Designer shapes all phases of creative development including conceptual development, branding, visual design, and motion design while possessing reasonable depth and expertise in content development, user experience, and technical implementation. The Designer will be responsible for evolving the design of the portfolios in IT India. You will be responsible for researching, creating, developing, refining, and documenting innovative and compelling experience solutions that meet the business, project, and design goals and objectives. You will work closely with SMEs, interaction designers, design researchers, program managers, and engineers in a highly collaborative environment. The position requires the need to be organized, detail- oriented, and results- driven. Passion for our comers and for consumers who want great user experiences is highly desired. Responsibilities Create the vision for the user experience and associated framework and assets on new products; follow through with the communication, processes and tactics to implement the vision Partner with a cross- functional team in a collaborative design process M be a strong advocate for the user, know the user based on real comer interactions, and learn and champion indry- leading user- centered design practices. Take an active role in planning for and guiding design research and user testing Build respect and credibility with stakeholders, management peers, direct reports, and executives. Create and maintain the team s budget Build out and lead operations team (as required) Organize and support tracking of team resources, including project assignments and progress against goals and objectives Support hiring to build and maintain a world class team Organize events that support team objectives Provide key insights into team organizational structure Ensure smooth interface with adjacent organizations Qualifications Advanced degree in Human Computer Interaction, Human Factors Engineering, Interface Design, Interaction Design or related field is highly desired 10 years of hands- on interaction design and user research across the entire product development cycle Solid portfolio demonstrating a deep understanding of interaction design and information architecture A sophisticated communicator tailoring style as needed to audiences, with excellent written and verbal skills Ability to seek out simple solutions to complex design challenges with an eye toward usability Strong working knowledge of user mental models, task- flow/ state- transition diagrams, storyboarding, wire framing, creating design specifications and guidelines Strong project management, communication, and presentation skills Experience shipping products spanning multiple platforms Proficiency with Adobe CC or similar professional design tools Excellent user- centered design practices Education requirements preferred include either an MA/ MS in interface design, indrial design, or highly related field or a BA/ BS in interaction or indrial design, with significant indry experience. A strong portfolio is critical for this role, both in terms of demonstrating your experience and as an example of your ability to create a compelling design presentation. Your portfolio should showcase your experience in UX and interaction design, particularly where simplicity and ease of use were a major concern. We d like to see a diversity of projects and a solid collection of outcomes and deliverables (flows, mockups, and prototypes) , with demonstrations of the design and thought process behind each project. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills project management flex design patterns microsoft operation s enterprise applications baadobe interfaces Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft. Come as you are. Do what you love. We2019re a global company, located in over 100 countries,but we often act like a startup. We do software 2014 but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details