TITLE: Pega H1B Holders with CSA, CSSA /LSA Certified - USA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience: -Minimum 2 to 15 years of experience in PEGA PRPC technology platform. -At least 2 cycles of PEGA PRPC implementation experience. Required Technical Skills: -Strong communication and presentation skills. -Ability to participate in business value assessment and business requirements elaboration phases. -Ability to actively participate in the class structure design and reusable rulesets design. -Good understanding PEGA PPRC properties, types and relevance. -Understand the decision types and decision rules in PEGA PRPC. -Possesses good knowledge on PEGA PRPC construction and debugging tools such as tracer utility, clipboard, app accelerators, documentation tools, expression builders and form builders. -Sound understanding of user interface both PEGA PRPC out of the box and generic. -Good understating of PEGA PRPC flows, interpretation of flow shapes, SLAs, tickets, interpretation of complex flow shapes for business scenarios, activities, activity step methods, OOTB activities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Pega PRPC pega pegarules csa cssa clsa pegaprpc prpc Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Career Network US Based MNC CAREER NETWORK is a premier consultancy involved in manpower recruitment. We cater to the manpower requirements of corporate of all sizes, all over India. Ours is a professionally managed consultancy company with expertise in referring/short listing right candidates, fulfilling the required criteria for a given job. Through a unique combination of skills, competencies, knowledge and favorable experience, is able to offer Manpower services ranging from consultancy to turnkey project implementation and operation. We recognize and cater to the special needs of clients in the various industries, specializing in IT Industry. If you need expert candidates to keep your business ahead in fast moving technology fields, we are here to help. We pride ourselves in bridging the gap between employers and candidates by assisting companies in recruiting the best candidates available and assisting professionals in finding great career opportunities. Our consultants provide valuable insight and assistance in the hiring process that goes beyond recruiting. Working closely with clients from the commencement of the project through to the offer stage, we ensure our clients receive the very best candidates for a successful placement. We are able to accurately assess the skills and qualifications of candidates and have a thorough understanding of the nature of the positions we are filling. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details