TITLE: Research Associate/ Scientist (drug Product Development)

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A leading biologics company based at Hyderabad is seeking an ideal candidate for the following : Qualification: BSc. or MSc. or Ph.D in Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chemical Engineering, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Biotechnology or related life sciences field Experience: B. Sc or M. Sc with minimum 5 yrs experience or Ph.D with 0-2 years of experience in academic lab or biopharmaceutical industry required Skills: Protein Degradation Bioanalytical methods Protein Stability Knowledge of chromatographic techniques for characterization Protein formulation Job requirements: Strong technical expertise in protein analytical method, formulation development, biophysical characterization of protein aggregation and/or protein stability. A minimum of two years working experience with characterization of degradation mechanisms of proteins especially using chromatographic techniques and development of analytical methodologies for characterization of drug product attributes is required. Experience in formulation and/or fill/finish process development for biological drug products demonstrating interpretation of analytical data and writing reports is required. Strong working knowledge of size-exclusion and reverses phase HPLC, HIAC and or MFI particle characterization techniques is preferred. Experience with frozen liquid, liquid in vials or pre-filled syringe and lyophilization cycle development is preferred. Some working knowledge of GMP requirements, process analytical technologies (PAT) and Quality by design (QbD) is also preferred. Experience implementing and maintaining high quality standards for all aspects of work conducted including adherence to regulatory GLP/GMP, departmental, and safety guidelines is preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Formulation Scientist Keyskills Drug product drug substance protein stability bioanalytical protein degradation protein formulation Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: CONFIDENTIAL CONFIDENTIAL Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details