TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1 Customer /Distributer working 2.To Drive the Sales Team. 3. Achieve forecasted sales orders at targeted prices and execute the same through existing distributors in the assigned territory. 4. Identify, categorize and visit key account customers minimum once in a month and identify new customers/ Distributers. 5. To increase call conversion ratio and enhance sales 6. Handling the distributors, facilitates and provides necessary support to help them achieve Monthly targets 7. Supporting distributors on business development, providing technical support to distributors and visiting customers. 8. Coordinate for smooth execution of order and complaint resolution to enhance customer retention 9. Meeting distributors, monitoring movement of stock, taking of fresh order, collection of dues and ensuring delivery 10. New product establishment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales / BD Manager Keyskills Sales Management Business Development Distribution Customer Retention New Product Technical Support Stock Taking chemical sales Business Development manager sales manager Desired Candidate Profile B.Sc. / M.Sc. (Chemistry) / BE / B. Tech (Chemical)+ any other equivalent stream,Candidate with MBA (Marketing / Fine Chemical) would be preferred Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, B.Sc - Chemistry PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Chemistry Company Profile: Azole Rasayanas India Private Limited Azole Rasayanas is offering integrated catalog products and services in Pharmaceuticals, agrochemical and other related industries. Azole Rasayanas provides higher end collaboration for the products and services, which enhance the capability and productivity performances of our Customers and Business Associates, in functions critical to their success. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details