TITLE: Business Analysis & Rptg Spec - Sr. Team Member- GSIC

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Security & Investigations protects the firm's employees and assets throughout the world. This responsibility includes the development of security and safety policies and procedures, regulatory and legislative compliance, security guard management and alarm response, crisis management, ATM, branch and corporate building security and customer safety, physical crime investigations, workplace violence, fire and life safety, executive protection, employment screening, security operations on a global basis and fraud investigations. The Global Workforce Screening Specialist position is a direct report to the Global Security & Investigations manager in- country; with dotted line reporting to regional Global Workforce Screening management. As a GWS Specialist, you will provide day- to- day support for existing JPMC employees who are completing the JPMC global screening process. In order to complete the process, the employee will need to provide their consent for the bank to conduct background checks and provide their fingerprint at an authorized facility where applicable. Additionally, the role includes processing of system access requests and candidate/ employee fingerprint data. The ideal candidate will have prior experience, and will be eager to work directly with employees and internal partners across the program initiatives. Responsibilities will include: &bull; Acting as a point of contact for employees who are required to go through screening. In this role you will need to provide sound advice; analyze issues and recommend solutions in a timely fashion following established guidelines, policies and procedures. &bull; Proactively contact employees for additional documentation related to results found through background check. &bull; Manage data validation issues, perform issue resolution research and follow through to obtain necessary information &bull; Liaise with HR Business Partners, the Program Management Office, Employee Relations, and Global Investigations. &bull; Providing analytical and project management leadership throughout the program &bull; Facilitate screening process through scanning of fingerprint cards &bull; Conduct transactions by processing fingerprint on file &bull; Transact requests for system access &bull; Accurately document and data enter information into JPMC systems Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills project management development business analysis peoplesoft scanning business objects security operation s data validation policies Desired Candidate Profile &bull; 3- 5 years relevant work experience &bull; Attention to detail and strictly adhere to standard operating procedures &bull; Demonstrated ability to provide consultation to managers and employees on issues regarding polices and code of conduct &bull; Ability to manage confidential information and data; strong understanding of the sensitivity involved in the work &bull; Exceptional judgment; ability to assess situations and react quickly in a fast- paced environment &bull; Strong analytical skills; identify and analyze data and information to provide value- added solutions or recommendations &bull; Pragmatic problem solver who is able to develop succinct recommendations and implementation plans &bull; Excellent communication and interpersonal skills; ability to work collaboratively and develop strong working partnerships with colleagues at all levels &bull; Reliable, organized, and able to multi- task and manage priorities effectively &bull; Strong ability to deliver results efficiently and proactively &bull; Proficient in Word, Excel, PowerPoint; experience working with Business Objects and PeopleSoft systems are a plus Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details