TITLE: Principal Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The primary responsibility of the candidate would be to develop access point software for the WLAN Enterprise Access Point and Router products. Job requirements: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1) BE/ B.Tech degree with 12 years of related experience or MS/ M.Tech with 10 years of experience. 2) Hands on development experience in C 3) Experience working on WLAN technologies (802.11 a/ b/ g/ n/ ac, 802.11i, etc.) , 4) Good understanding of Linux Kernel and OS internals. 5) Exposure to tools like IXIA, Veriwave, Version Control, Wireshark. 6) BSP experience would be a big plus 7) Leadership experience is a big plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Thought Leadership Internally recognized technical or business contributor, uses skills to contribute to development of company objectives and principles and to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Possesses a specialized level of technical expertise or business acumen Represents the company at industry forum and conferences Develop and/ or applies innovative technologies and concepts Technical or business consulting resource to business level managers Goals generally communicated in "solution" or project goal terms. Means of arriving at a solution not generally determined by other than the incumbent. Set direction for high- impact and/ or long- range strategic projects Leads major initiatives Virtually self- supervisory 12 years of related experience. At this level, post- graduate coursework may be expected. Company Profile: LSI India Research & Development Pvt Ltd LSI India Research & Development Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details