TITLE: Sr Research Scientist-imaging, Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is Sanchita from CDrive HR Service. I have an opportunity of Sr Research Scientist-Image analytical software development with a world's leading supplier of Plant genetics to Farmers. Please go through the JD below, If you are interested to explore this opportunity, share your updated resume at sanchita@cdrivecareers.com JD: Duties and Responsibilities: This candidate will work closely with imaging specialists, software engineers, and data scientists in a dynamic research The candidate will need to have an in-depth understanding of COTS imaging software, technologies & techniques and be able to independently create technical solutions to a wide range of image analysis problems requiring collaboration with key stakeholders Education and experience: Ph.D. or Masters degree in Technology/Engineering, Physics, Earth Sciences, Geoinformatics or closely related scientific discipline with 4yrs+ of demonstrated experience specifically in image processing, computer vision, geospatial technologies and/or machine learning. Bachelors degree in Technology/Engineering with 6yrs+ of equivalent experience. Qualifications: Deep understanding of image processing and analysis algorithms and tools for RGB, hyperspectral, fluorescence, LIDAR and CT imaging including detecting and classifying objects in 2D and 3D low/medium/high resolution datasets. Experience in C/C++ and Python programming with the ability to quickly create prototype solutions on Unix / Linux platforms. Interest in learning new technologies, programming techniques, languages, and operating systems is a must. Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Experience in research, life sciences, or in data science is a plus. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to work as part of a global team and, at times, independently while appropriately prioritizing tasks. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English are required. Preferred: Experience in Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Convolutional Neural Networks, Deep Learning for Imaging Applications Experience working with geospatial images and toolsets - infrared, multispectral, spatial databases and/or photogrammetry Experience in high performance and data intensive computing platforms (HPC, MapReduce Ecosystem, Stream Processing, Graph Processing, GPU Computing). Cloud computing experience with AWS technologies (EC2, S3, ECS, etc.) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Agriculture / Dairy Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills COTS AWS Python image data science processing Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Instrumentation PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: CONFIDENTIAL CONFIDENTIAL Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details