TITLE: Sr .Net Architect - ASP/ C#/ MVC

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Sr.Technical Architect will be responsible for owning the technical architecture of the Product. - He/she must have a good understanding of .net MVC, object-oriented programming and must have strong analytical, problem solving, interpersonal skills. This profile is expected to open to work in a challenging environment and should be a good team player. - Candidate should have around 11-15 years of experience working in Microsoft technologies. - Candidate should minimum 5-6 years of experience architecting .NET MVC. - Candidate should have hands on experience in creating architecture diagram, high level and low level design documents. Responsibilities : - Must have experience of enterprise architecture, designing and implementation - A good technical leader with motivation to excel in technology areas, proven technical - Need hands on people to work in highly technical and aggressive time frame, must be - Must have experience on various software methodologies (SDLC, Agile, Test Driven - Experience of working in product development must be preferred. - Experience of designing, implementing large applications & ERP's must be preferred. - Excellent presentation, written and verbal communication skills required. - Debugging and troubleshooting code related issues/defects. - Producing detailed design documentation, unit test plans and well documented code. - Gaining an understanding of the unique business and technical requirements on each - Practicing strong configuration management and version control. - Must have experience in HTML 5 complex applications (windows, server and web based). expertise in .Net, MVC, WCF/WPF in terms of designing and implementing systems. capable of guiding others and working with multiple teachniques Qualifications : - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent education and past experience in - Strong problem solving skills. - Deep knowledge of SOA, Multi-Tenant and MVC application architecture patterns - 5y+ Experience architecting complex software solutions - 5y+ Experience with C# development, ASP.NET MVC, Visual Studio - 5y+ Experience designing and implementing MS SQL databases, SQL query scripting - 5y+ Experience designing and implementing integrations with 3rd party APIs, services software development and products - 3y+ Experience with JavaScript, jQuery - Understanding of RESTful web services - Experience with Agile development methodologies, particularly Scrum - Ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks in time-critical situations - Experience in WebAPI 2, SignalR Nice to Have : - Experience with AngularJS, Bootstrap - Experience with Amazon AWS services or Microsoft Azure - Knowledge of Android and iOS capabilities and best practices a plus - Experience with Xamarin app development - Designing and delivering complex SaaS solutions for customers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Javascript C# WCF JQuery ASP.Net MVC WPF HTML Xamarin ASP .Net Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: OKDA Solutions A Leading Client of OKDA Solutions A Leading Client of OKDA Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details