TITLE: Applications Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will analyze and integrate external customer specifications. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture. Build new products and development tools. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to discuss major changes to functionality. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required As part of Asset Lifecycle Management (ALM) Development team, we provide highly competitive and fast growing applications that support the full, acquire to retire, lifecycle of any tangible asset of interest. The ALM product family includes Asset Tracking, Installed Base, Asset Hub, and Maintenance Management. It provides the complete asset solutions for any enterprise, with comprehensive planning, tracking and execution for optimal asset performance and value. Asset Tracking provides the tracking, visibility and control of dispersed assets for standard as well as capital- intensive companies. Asset Tracking maximizes asset utilization and return on investment by automatically synchronizing the operational physical events of assets with the financial book updates in fixed assets. Asset tracking is the primary asset information management tool. Asset hub satisfies the asset master data management needs. Installed base represents the global repository of customer assets. These three put together provide asset information management solutions. Asset Work Management is a complete maintenance management application, promoting and facilitating asset maintenance best practices, which in turns improves enterprise performance. ALM is part of the Supply Chain Management family.We are now focused on the exciting and challenging Oracle Fusion Applications, aiming to take Asset Lifecycle Management to another level. We are seeking bright individuals with proven track records to drive the development of Oracle Fusion Applications. We run the world's largest enterprises and are looking for leaders to expand it into new areas and markets. We want leaders who would design our next generation applications adopting the best software engineering practices and technology. Computer Science or Engineering background Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details