TITLE: Process Supply System Engineer (industrial Buildings)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Process Supply System Design Engineer Location: Global Engineering Services Centre, Hyderabad Minimum Qualification: Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering / Chemical Engineering Years of Experience: 4 7 Years Type of Experience Required: Working knowledge in projects for Process supply system works in Advanced Technology Facilities, Date Centres, FMCG, Life Science and Chemical Industry. Maintain ongoing project requirement and specifications. At least 2 years of experience in a designing Process supply systems. Capable of planning and completing projects of all levels of complexity. Ability to make design and operational decision to ensure technical teams consistently deliver good design, quality of work, realization of scope, meeting the schedule, hitting the construction budget. Technical Competencies Required: Technical knowledge and understanding of Engineering Design and Construction for process plants in various sectors like Chemicals, FMCG, Pharma, Food Processing etc. Knowledge of Process supply system design and its application in Process support designs including specification of Cabinets, Valve manifolds, Ultra high purity tubing, Purifier, On-line Analysers, inventory storage duration & etc. Hazardous service identification and classification as per the standard codes. Extensive knowledge of local and global codes of practice for design implementation Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, PDF document generation and management AutoCAD / Revit / Auto plant P&ID and 3D modelling proficiency. Main Duties: The client requirement has to be studied (Proposal / Tender documents) for understanding the scope of work for Process supply systems. Preparing the Design basis report, Technical specification and scope of work for Process supply systems based on Utility Matrix. Preparation of P&ID, Plot plan, Equipment layout, Piping layout and support details. Selection of equipment, valves and piping materials to suit various process supply system requirements. Hazardous area layout & electrical apparatus classification to be complied for the Hazardous service like Solvent, Diesel, Speciality and Bulk gases & etc. as per CCOE, CGA. Ensure and maintain the International Standards like ASME, ANSI, DIN, EN, ISO, BS etc., in piping design. Ensure that design is in compliance with local authorities code. Techno- commercial evaluation of Material, equipment as per the project requirement. Coordination with various related discipline like Architectural, Civil and structural, Electrical and Instrumentation, Procurement, Planning to arrive the cost basis and complete the project on time. Co-ordinate with other discipline Team members. Preparation of lessons learned and briefing to Senior & Principal Engineer on same; Mentoring the Junior Engineers with the intent of securing properly trained personnel to ensure the continual expansion of the company. Improve on Discipline standards & Tools Assist Senior & Principal Engineer in all the tasks. An Overview of Process Supply System Discipline in M+W GES: The PSS discipline focus on delivering Facility related engineering Support for the Projects in Advanced Technology, Life Science, General Industry, Data Centre etc. The facility related engineering support includes but not limited to Process Utilities, Water Treatment Plant (WTP), Waste Water Treatment Plant (WWTP), Ultra-Pure Water (UPW), Effluent & Sewerage Treatment etc. The Core Work Involves developing Utility matrix with support from Process, arriving Equipment Capacity, Creating Water Balance for the facility, Risk Study for Special Systems, developing Pipe rack, developing P&ID and layouts. The other work also involves supporting Architecture / CSA team in arriving Site Master Plan, preparation of Layout drawings for PSS, Process Pipe rack development, furnishing details on Shaft & cutout locations and supporting Space Management by defining PSS Service Space requirement. Giving the required inputs to Electrical & ELV to proceed with their detailed design as required. Further it involves in preparation of DBR, BOQ, Tender Packages, Vendor Evaluation on Technical specification etc. The delivery of Projects is from Auto Plant 3D and integrated with BIM Platform supported by various Calculation tools. The discipline is equipped with experienced Chemical / Mechanical Engineers having REVIT capabilities and also supported by CAD/BIM modelers with right expertise to deliver project from feasibility , Concept to Detailed Design including further construction support Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills Process Design Process Supply System P&ID Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, Mechanical Company Profile: M+W Group M+W Group is a global leader in the design, engineering and construction of high tech facilities and major complex projects. We have extensive in-house technical resources combining process, mechanical and electrical engineering, technology integration, lean construction and commissioning expertise. Our unique combination of high-tech engineering and excellent project management help our customers to reach their goals and to strive for new horizons. Since 1912 M+W Group has been at the forefront of engineering advanced design and construction solutions. Today, with over 6,000 technical professionals operating in over 30 countries worldwide, we have the expertise to deliver the most complex projects to the most exacting performance standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details