TITLE: Pega PRPC Openings!! (2 to 15 Years)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings !! We have excellent Openings for Pega Professionals with Top MNC. Experience: 3 to 15 yrs. Location: Hyderabad/Bangalore/Chennai Job Description: 3-15 years of IT experience with n-tier, database and client server design/development PEGA 7 CSA/CSA/LSA certified. 3+ years of in design and implementation of PRPC-based solutions, including leadership role in design to develop shared/reusable enterprise rules and workflow components within Pega Process Rules Commander. 2+ years of experience with PRPC v7.x with hands-on in new Pega capabilities preferred. Experience on Pega frameworks preferred Strong experience scoping, planning and delivering projects using Scrum Processes. Previous experience as a lead architect on multiple large-scale product or enterprise designs. Develops and demonstrates an advanced knowledge of the PRPC Architecture and all PRPC design and implementation features Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Pega PRPC pega prpc Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Career Network CAREER NETWORK is a premier consultancy involved in manpower recruitment. We cater to the manpower requirements of corporate of all sizes, all over India. Ours is a professionally managed consultancy company with expertise in referring/short listing right candidates, fulfilling the required criteria for a given job. Through a unique combination of skills, competencies, knowledge and favorable experience, is able to offer Manpower services ranging from consultancy to turnkey project implementation and operation. We recognize and cater to the special needs of clients in the various industries, specializing in IT Industry. If you need expert candidates to keep your business ahead in fast moving technology fields, we are here to help. We pride ourselves in bridging the gap between employers and candidates by assisting companies in recruiting the best candidates available and assisting professionals in finding great career opportunities. Our consultants provide valuable insight and assistance in the hiring process that goes beyond recruiting. Working closely with clients from the commencement of the project through to the offer stage, we ensure our clients receive the very best candidates for a successful placement. We are able to accurately assess the skills and qualifications of candidates and have a thorough understanding of the nature of the positions we are filling. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details