TITLE: Senior Data Modeler

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. Corporate Technology & Risk (CTR) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase s Controls, Compliance, Legal, HR and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTR s drive to standardization, consistency and simplicity is a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long- term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Compliance Technology, Oversight & Controls Technology, Legal & e- Discovery, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, HR Real Estate & Global Services Technology, and Third Party Risk Management. Control System Technology provides strategic application development and production support to 5 firm- wide organizations whose focus is strongly aligned to the firm s enterprise wide control agendas: Oversight and Control, IT Risk Management, Sourcing & Procurement, Global Security & Investigations, and Global Business Resiliency. As member of the CST Data Management COE, the Data Modeler will lead the effort in developing a consistent use of data and logical and physical data architecture across the Control System Technology portfolio including data/ database standards/ guidance, business glossaries, data dictionaries, conceptual, logical and physical data models, mapping between models/ systems, and creation of data definition language (ddl) in a framework of OLTP, OLAP, and Data Warehouse design methodologies. The Senior Data Modeler will work closely with the Database Engineer to instantiate DDL into the Test and Production environments. The Data Modeler will conduct model reviews and tests, and work closely with development teams to ensure consistency during application builds and upgrades. She/ he will ensure Firmwide standards and guiding design principles are adhered to when mapping and auditing data/ information assets as they flow from upstream and are delivered to downstream systems and/ or display sub- systems. Responsibilities: &bull; Translate Business Requirements to Conceptual and Logical Data Models (ERDs Entity relationship Diagrams) &bull; Create Physical Data Models (ERDs) , of different types, from Logical Data Models &bull; Recognize the need for a specific relational design OLTP, OLAP, Data Warehouse from a set of project requirements, and/ or from a Logical Data Model &bull; Mapping of Logical to Physical Data Models and vice versa &bull; Create DDL from Physical Data Models &bull; Work closely with Database Engineering to move DDL to Test and Production environments &bull; Evaluate other Modeler s logical and/ or physical data models for (a) adherence to LDM modeling principles, such as 3NF (b) adherence to CST Standards and Guidelines and (c) a match between business requirements and model content. &bull; Participate in model design reviews and testing &bull; Explain/ teach classical Conceptual, Logical and Physical Data Modeling &bull; Manage multiple assignments simultaneously, while working independently, and with other engineers and SMEs &bull; Identifying, recommending and implementing emerging Modeling and IT trends, developments, tools and improvements/ solutions &bull; Excellent problem solving skills and technical reasoning Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills development uml production support teradata application development sdlc data modeling co operation s investment banking Desired Candidate Profile The Ideal candidate will have 8 years experience with the following: &bull; 10 years of employment history in the Financial Services industry and a corresponding history of data models delivered &bull; Expert in both OLTP 3NF modeling and Kimball- style dimensional modeling; OLAP is a plus &bull; Familiarity with SDLC &bull; A track record of using Erwin, versions 7 9; experience with other data modeling tools will be considered &bull; Excellent problem solving skills and technical reasoning &bull; Awareness of other modeling techniques such as UML &bull; Familiarity with reference data at the global and local level &bull; Familiarity with a standard Financial Industry Data Models (examples: IBM, Teradata, etc.) is a plus, but not required Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details