TITLE: Senior Java Developer - Data Structure/algorithm

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role : Senior Java Developer Location : Hyderabad Experience : 5-8 Years This is an open invitation for India's best in class Senior Product Analyst- Java to join the disruptive technology and thought leader in the global Talent Relationship Marketing Cloud Platform. If you live & breath engineering by solving not only engineering problems but are passionate about building state of the art products that help a billion+ job seekers, then welcome to Phenom People. AT Phenom we build products that connect right fit talented candidates (job seekers) with companies seeking for Phenomenal talent. We help companies establish, nurture and mature relationship with talented candidates through the hiring life-cycle. Based in Greater Philadelphia area, we server global fortune 500 companies. To know more about Phenom People, visit phenompeople.com Technology Competencies : Core Java, J2EE, Collections, Multithreading, Exception Handling Javascript frameworks : Angular, Backbone, Spine. Distributed frameworks : Akka, Node, Vert.x. DB/NoSql : MongoDB, Neo4J, MySql. - HTML, javascript, jQuery, Ajax - REST & SOAP Job Responsibilities : - Define long-term technical architecture to support SAAS offering, Lead and direct product development efforts. - 4 years of full time programming experience within an Operations or technical department. - 1+ years of direct experience with multiple Agile teams. - Be able to distill business objectives into technical solutions through effective system design and architecture - Be able to work independently on a project-by project basis and also work in a collaborative and fast-paced team environment - Be able to provide technical and analytical solutions to evaluate the merits and challenges of a product idea - Create applications on both the server-side and on the web interface - Perform high complexity integration testing and validate all services integrate according to specifications - Responsible for prevention and early detection of defects through verification and validation activities ensuring the integrity and quality of all work products Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills J2Ee Core Java Rest Javascript SOAP Akka Neo4J MySQL Ajax Multithreading Java Developer Java Developer MongoDB HTML jQuery Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Phenom People Pvt Ltd Client of Phenom People Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details