TITLE: Onboarding Analyst

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Onboarding Analyst - 812641 Description Franklin Templeton International Services India Pvt. Ltd (FTISPL) is the Indian Services wing of Franklin Templeton Inc, one of the Top Global Investment Management Company committed to offering High Quality Products and providing outstanding services to our customers who are individuals, institutions, pensioners, trusts, partnership firms and other clients. FTISPL at Hyderabad offers various IT / Business related service and support. It stands as a key business enabler of world- wide operations for Franklin Templeton Investment. Our vision is to be a premier global investment management organization by offering high quality investment solutions, providing outstanding service and attracting, motivating and retaining talented individuals. JOB SUMMARY This role will be part of Fiduciary Account Services Team and would work closely with Client Services Administrators and Portfolio Managers of Fiduciary Trust to support day to day operations. The primary responsibilities of this role requires setting up of Relationships Level A/ Cs, Family A/ Cs, Trust, Custody and Managed accounts of High Net Worth Individuals on different applications, maintenance of those accounts, Closing of accounts and performing the annual administrative reviews for various types of accounts. This role would require interaction with multiple departments and contact various internal and external persons, therefore requires good communication and customer service skills. Also, this role requires ability to work in tight schedules and should have ability to manage own time and meet specific deadlines. JOB DUTIES/ RESPONSIBILITIES Responsibilities include performing one or more of the following functions: Account Administration - Account Opening, Closing and Maintenance activities which includes- Tracking KYC (Know Your Customer) and review the mandatory documents for the new accounts and ensure they are in accordance with policy & procedures Processing Report of new account according to the client set up rules and mandatory affiliations Review the contract agreements with client related to Investment Management, Custody and Trust accounts Track funding for the accounts and prepare fee memos Initiate Remittance and Statement events, online access and mailing the information for disclosure statement Set up account on global plus system and other downstream applications like IVW (Investor Work Station) and Cache Reconcile account details from downloads received through global plus and FACT (Fiduciary Admin and Client Tool) application. Processing all maintenance changes on relevant systems at account/ portfolio/ client level Setup additional affiliations and portfolios in the account. Review and perform Quality check for all Account/ Portfolio/ Client level changes submitted by the Portfolio Manager and Client Service Administrators. Prepare Closing Memos for account closing and follow up with the business on approvals. Track cash balances and remit amount to the client for closing accounts. Process the closing of account on global plus system. Interact with Portfolio Managers, Relationship Managers and Client Services Administrators on a day to day production. Perform annual review of all custody, Trust, High Net Worth and EBT accounts and complete the checklists as per audit and statutory requirement. Respond to all process inquiries on same day through email/ phone. Follow up on the pending items from the CSAs/ RMs or PMs and business. Support the team in daily work and display team work. Verify and perform quality checks for the tasks assigned and performed by other team members. Participate in Disaster Recovery Exercises and any projects assigned. Cross train and cover tasks within operating unit. Need to gain end to end knowledge of the process and business. Qualifications EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Bachelors in commerce and accounting mandatory Relevant experience 1- 3 years in Banking and Financial Services Industry. ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS Background in finance and accounting mandatory Experience in related line of business desirable Banking and Financial Services Industry (Account Opening, Maintenance and Banking process for High Net Worth/ Premier Clients) Exposure and know- how on reviewing contract agreements of High Net worth Individuals Trust, Custody, Estate, Managed and Investment Management agreements. Exposure on Taxation process for Trust, Custody, Estate and Managed accounts. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Proficient in Microsoft Office skills Word, Excel Ability to work with little supervision Ability to manage own time to meet specific deadlines Good typing skills and eye to detail Excellent telephone manners and communication skills both oral and written Professional demeanor PROBLEM SOLVING AND DECISION MAKING Ability to solve complex problems on a regular basis Must be able to make quick decisions and implement, while still being thorough. NOTE: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by incumbents. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required by all incumbents. Incumbents may perform other duties as assigned. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Management retains the right to add to or change the duties of the position at any time. We rely on attracting and retaining employees of exceptional quality. In addition, we work to instill a performance driven culture that reinforces accountability, innovation, and professional development. To reach these goals, Franklin Templeton Investments provides a comprehensive employment program that comprises a balanced work/ life philosophy, competitive salaries and substantial employee benefits and services, including: * Professional development growth opportunities through in- house classes and over 150 Web- based training courses * An educational assistance program to financially help employees seeking continuing education * Medical, Life and Personal Accident Insurance benefit for employees. Medical insurance also cover employees dependents (spouses, children and dependent parents) * Life insurance for protection of employees families * Personal accident insurance for protection of employees and their families * Personal loan assistance * Employee Stock Investment Plan (ESIP) Job Function : Administration Primary Location : India- Andhra Pradesh- Hyderabad Schedule : Full- time Job Posting Date : Mar 24, 2016, 5: 59: 27 AM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Franklin Templeton International Franklin Templeton International Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details