TITLE: Genpact Mega Walk-in for International Voice Process

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Genpact Mega Walk-In For International Voice Processes Interview Time - Â 10.30 AM TO 2 PMÂ Interview Date : 20th Dec till 22nd Dec Venue Details - Genpact, 14-45, Ida Uppal, Opp Ngri, Habsiguda, Hyderabad, Telangana 500039. International US Process : Positions - Process Associate / Developer - Collections Job Location: Â Hyderabad Requirement Any graduate degree or equivalent with a strong academic record. Collection experience will be an added advantage. Ability to work effectively with numbers to analyze and understand business trends. Good Interpersonal and Communication skills. Ability to work independently to achieve goals and targets. International Â Voice Process: Positions - Process Associate Location : Uppal/ Pocharam/Gachibowli, Hyderabad Requirement Bachelor's degree or equivalent with a strong academic record. Prior experience in a dynamic, results-oriented, internet-based business will be a plus. Detail-oriented with the ability and willingness to quickly complete large volumes of work with high quality. Strong computer applications and Internet skills. Responsibilities Provide excellent customer service to advertisers and manage client advertising accounts by responding to inquiries. Develop and utilize approaches to provide strategic advice to clients on how to improve the utilization of their advertising budgets. Build strong relationships with customers and educate them on new product features by proactively and creatively identifying solutions to client issues. Identify, lead, and execute product and process innovation to increase advertiser performance and their investments. NOTE : For Walk -In Candidates, mention " Deepa HR " on top of your resume's as reference. Â Do carry 1 Â resume, 1 government ID proof Â xerox, 1 Passport size photo. Interested candidates Kindly Contact Deepa Tatineni Contact Details:9000137236 Thanks & Regards Deepa Tatineni HR-Genapct Salary: Annual Bonus+ Incentives Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills US Process UK Process International Voice Process Communication Skills customer support voice process telecollections outbound process fresher customer care Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GENPACT INDIA Genpact (NYSE: G) designs, transforms, and runs intelligent business operations including those that are complex and specific to a set of chosen industries. Our hundreds of long-term clients include more than one-fourth of the Fortune Global 500. Founded as a division of GE in 1997 and then spun off in 2005, Genpact earned 2014 revenues of $2.28 billion and has more than 67,000 employees in 25 countries, with key management and a corporate office based in New York City. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details