TITLE: Urgent Requirement for Front-end Developers

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A Front-end Developer will have the following responsibilities. 1. Deliver best in class HTML5/CSS3/JQuery/Angular JS front-end code across a broad array of Interactive web and mobile projects. 2. Possess an advanced knowledge of web and mobile UX/UI; adhere to and extrapolate complex design systems and apply to coded pages, screens, and states. 3. Develop and test across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including Smart Phones and tablets. 4. Work with Other teams and manage time across multiple projects and tasks in a deadline-driven, team environment. 5. Participate in discussions with clients and team members about technical best practices and help teams identify optimal technical solutions. 6. Understand agile methodology and instill best practices into the process. 7. Good Understanding of Responsive Designs. What Think Design Collaborative is offering? 1. Challenging, exciting, future-ready projects across multiple domains 2. Good remuneration 3. Team & Individual Learning and Development is part of Think Design Culture 4. Open & communicative work environment. 5. Potential Career Growth to Leadership role for high performers Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Web Designer Keyskills Javascript JQuery UX Web Technologies Learning Design html angularjs front - end developer web developer Desired Candidate Profile 1) 1+ years experience building and managing large scale web portals2) Excellent hands-on experience on HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, JSON, Jquery Implementation.3) Web designing framework4) Validate the website and find out technical problem5) Self-motivation and ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment6) Understanding of Mobile apps related architecture.7) Excellent knowledge in the porting application into multiple platforms.8) Good to have knowledge of code optimization and performance related issues.9) Experienced in various browser specific development.10) Good communication skills Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: THINK DESIGN COLLABORATIVE PVT. LTD. We collaborate with visionary organizations to identify, build and materialize innovative products and services. With Design Thinking at the core of our practices, we make those products and services relevant to the people who use them. We work at the intersection of technology and human emotion; and serve clients across domains and industry verticals. Since 2004, we've designed every aspect of human interface across touch points and technologies. We will continue to be in the space where customers are interacting with businesses ... for consuming information, carrying out daily tasks, making decisions, or for buying things. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details