TITLE: Regional Retail Manager- North/south/east/west- IIM / ISB / MDI / FMS

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : - Tapping Business potential for the Region Footfall generation : - Prepares a quarter wise footfall generation activity plan for the outlets Ensures that every outlets gets appropriate support - Create Outlet/Store business plan in consultation with Cluster Managers and team. Co-ordinate with HO to ensure appropriate support for execution. Competition Analysis : Analyses the competition information to build up a picture of competition strategy. Identifies emerging opportunities / threats due to competition action. Recommends action to benefit from the emerging trend. Networks with competition staff in the region to better understand the competition environment and validation of numbers / trends. Business development : Visits & gives final opinion on B/C sites, filters leads from cluster Managers for further development, anchors the relationship with Various Business local representatives. Franchisee Management : - Manages the relationship with the franchisee from a business point of view. - Manage conflicts. SOP Compliance : - Monitors the Cluster Manager's and the audit reports. Picks up reoccurring trends at the outlets /stores Merchandise Management : - Monitors the ARM reports and the audit reports. Picks up reoccurring trends at the stores - Monitors the effectiveness of outlets and recommends changes - Analyze quality of outlet opening, study delay patterns if any. - Monitor operations & Ensure compliance adherence to Cash management, Stock Management, Cost management, housekeeping, staff attendance. Suggest changes to the process as and when required to ensure 100% compliance. New Store opening : Design the store launch plan and monitor the launch / opening process. Monitor new store performance with required hand holding for first 3 months. Understanding Consumer needs : Information Collection : Monitor CRM registration rates, analyze patterns to ensure high registration rates, consumer behavior to information sharing. Information Analysis : Suggest ways for better customer service. Give customer insight to the outlets for business improvement at store level. Ensure understanding of consumer trend to the Cluster Manager and outlet teams. - Develop rapport with top customers Team Management : - Recruitment - Hire Cluster Manager & Duty Managers - Cluster quarterly appraisal/ performance review - Identify structural issues to motivation Sales Targets : Sets weekly targets for the Cluster Managers based on the market trend, expectation of monthly business from his region, and ARM views Spend Budget : Sets the monthly spends budgets for ARMS. Reviews budget vs actual trend and recommends changes. Training : To decide on training priorities. Prepare modules for training, make a training calendar for implementation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills Sales operations Cash management Stock Management Cost management Merchandise Management Franchisee Management Business development Desired Candidate Profile - Apply only if you passed out from Tier-1 College. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: O2SPA O2 Spa, India's leading and only spa chain is operating across 15 cities and in major Airports, Five Star Hotels, high-rise Malls and upscale locations. Expanding by leaps and bounds with a staff of over 500+ and catering to over 1000 customers every single day in several world class spas, O2 is well poised to take the Indian wellness industry by a storm. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details