TITLE: Financial Systems Administrator - $60k (work from Home)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you an accounting expert who can learn on your feet and excel in a team-based development environment? Do you love working with financial systems alongside cutting-edge engineers and developers? Do you have the ability to utilize external learning resources and troubleshoot issues independently? Tired of fighting traffic, and want the ability to work from home? If you answered yes to these questions, this is the role for you. Company Description Crossover is redefining the way people work. Brick and mortar offices are history. The future of our global workforce will be built from teams collaborating from every corner of the world. We have embarked on an expedition to find and engage with that talent. Crossover has developed a unique method of finding, curating, and managing remote contractors. Our platform connects customers to the world's best talent for both technical and non-technical jobs. But we don't just find the best - we also provide the tools, training, and relationship-building support to ensure success for long term growth. We're partnering with Upland Software to find an expert Intacct Administrator. Job Description: What to Expect as a Intacct Administrator As an Intacct Administrator you will be responsible for managing users and security permissions, system configuration, workflow management, and process design. Â You will collaborate with end users to identify system improvements and manage prioritization, implementation, and change management process for application changes. Â As an integral member of the Business Operations team, you will be instrumental in helping build a highly collaborative work environment with world class data integrity. Key Responsibilities Update and create users and security permissions Efficiently manage and update contact records Assign permissions and use groups Maintain and modify approval processes Manage workflows and business processes Update company information and subscriptions Update vendor, customer or employee information, default dimension data and add custom fields to capture information unique to your business Use reporting tools to capture, grant permission and store reports. Â Organize reports into report groups. Manage attachments in Intacct Share, create and manage list views Use a dashboard to monitor out of date transactions and error reports Use account groups, dimensions, calculations, and books to create reports for analyzing data and audit-ready financials. Create performance cards and dashboards to provide insight into your organization's performance Required experience and education Good understanding of Finance and Accounting, with 2-3 years as a financial analyst and/or accountant Experience with system admin functions and proven ability to apply "self-help" to resolve issues with various system applications Project management experience Intacct experience strongly preferred Understanding of SaaS business and accounting rules a plus Experience with Salesforce, Tableau, Trintech, or SQL English fluency required The type of developer we are looking for: We value a culture of excellence. We need developers who are not only technically proficient, but also demonstrate the following qualities: An ability to quickly and eagerly learn new technologies A strong analytical nature A willingness to take responsibility for projects and determine their trajectory An ability to consistently meet deadlines even while running multiple projects Excellent communication skills with a wide range of individuals (in English) A collaborative approach to team projects Compensation Total compensation is USD 60,000 per year or $30/hour for a full time position, 40 hours/week Next Steps Our jobs are 100% remote, work from home. You never have to fight traffic to the office again and you have the freedom to choose when and where you put in your 40 hours to be most effective each week. To qualify, please provide a resume/CV demonstrating the required experience and skills. Â From there, to help us find the top 1% of talent, there will be a series of interviews and online skills examinations. Â We realize these are challenging and can require a decent amount of time - so we thank you in advance for your efforts. Are you up for the challenge? Salary:USD 60,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills Finance Business Accounting Change Management Excel Project Management Business Operations Process Design Data Analysis Workflow Management Data Integrity Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Crossover Markets, Inc Crossover is redefining the way people work. Brick and mortar offices are history. The future of our global workforce will be built from teams collaborating from every corner of the world. We have embarked on an expedition to find and engage with that talent. Crossover has developed a unique method of finding, curating, and managing remote contractors. Our platform connects customers to the world's best talent for both technical and non-technical jobs. But we don't just find the best - we also provide the tools, training, and relationship-building support to ensure success for long term growth. We're partnering with Upland Software to find an expert Intacct Administrator. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details