TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 4+ year of experience in Android applications. Strong knowledge in Android Native Application Development.Â Strong knowledge in Android UI, Android SDK, Customizations and Animations. Good knowledge with Android Studio and EclipseÂ Strong Knowledge on JSON and XML parsing Experience on Google Maps & Google Play Services. Experience inÂ Application lifecycle, Layouts, Views, Intents and Background ServicesÂ Experience on Social API like Facebook and Twitter. Experience on Push notification using GCM. Experience on Shared Preferences, SQLite database and Content Providers. Real time experience on Publishing or deploying the applications into Android Market Hands on experience on third party libraries like Volley and Retrofit Good troubleshooting skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android SDK JSON Eclipse Application Development Troubleshooting Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Tipp Mobile Solutions Pvt Ltd. Tipp mobile solutions is a startup aimed at making lives easier with a unique solution of organising the extremely fragmented and unorganised local services in a large economy like India. We at TIPP are a group of passionate people who want to make a difference in the local market place by shaping TIPP as the go to place where people can meet numerous service professionals and to get their work done hassle free just with a click of a button. At Tipp we believe in problem solving approach which adds value to everyone in their day-to-day life. We want to introduce altogether a new model where everyone who works can be their own bosses without middle man or any hierarchy. On a larger picture we are trying to solve problems of economy such an unemployment, cashless economy etc. We trust you are doubtful how all this is possible with just a mobile application. Yes, it's possible but you need to wait for a while to know more. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details