TITLE: Business Development Manager - HRO Technology Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Taking ownership for all aspects of account development and management and achievement of revenue targets. 2. Assuming responsibility for all facets of business development to build, maintain and manage customer relationships. 3. Growing revenue within the client account and its affiliates in order to attain at least 5 crores annually. 4. Work with the Business Solutions and Engagement Management teams to transition account management smoothly (effectively transitioning customer engagement from sales to delivery). 5. Maintain a positive relationship with client to drive additional opportunities post implementation. 6. Providing subject matter expertise related to HR Tech, Supplier Management, and Workforce Acquisition Technology industry. 7. Hiring, training, managing, evaluating direct reports (if applicable). 8. Development of yearly sales plans. 9. Participate in the RPO RFP-Proposal and Presentation preparation and delivery process. 10. Participate, when required, in company projects and trade shows. 11. Work with cross-functional teams in presenting an overall solution to potential and current clients. Interested candidates may send in their resumes for the further process. Should you need more clarifications, please feel free to call. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Relationship Management Partnerships Profitability CRM Selling Account Management Customer Relationship Accounting Business Development Manager HRO Technology Sales Desired Candidate Profile Requirements :- Bachelor's degree, Min 5-10 years of HR Technology industry related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. MBA preferred.- To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.- The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.- Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.1. At least 5-10 years of proven experience in HR Technology sales (ATS, VMS, SAS products) and human resources related activities such as recruiting/ staffing, customer relationship management, business development, and/or HRIS technology. Preferred - experience selling ATS/RPO solutions to enterprise customers.2. At least 5 years of direct, HRO Technology sales experience.3. Excellent market reach.4. Proficient in structuring complex deals and securing partnerships with enterprise customers.5. Demonstrated ability to identify HR Tech business opportunities, secure new Tech business and build lasting professional relationships with c-level executives.6. Strong attention to detail.7. Demonstrated interest and success in the RPO, staffing, supplier management, and technology field with a strong background in general business.8. Working knowledge of desktop computers and MS Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, MS Outlook. MS Project and Internet access. CRM tools.9.Excellent communication skills and Ability to interact with c level executives.10. Knowledge of the application of technology solutions within the RPO/Staffing industry.11. Demonstrated ability to extend customer relationships beyond initial project.12. Bright, dynamic, and articulate with excellent communication (verbal and written) skills.13. Strong financial acumen and can manage accounts to achieve financial profitability goals.14. Keen intellect and superior analytic skills15. Professional appearance.16. Ethical, fair and professional conduct in all candidate, client, and peer interactions.17. Flexible, accountable and a team player.18. Available to work overtime.19. Energetic and able to work well in a fast paced environment.20. Frequent travel national and international travel. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Agile 1 Our proprietary technologies automate the hiring processes across an organization, while our on-site or remote programs manage multiple staffing agencies, named resources, project-based workers, or recruitment processes. Together, our services and technologies improve visibility, decrease liability and overhead, and save you money while effectively managing your workforce. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details