TITLE: Parlor Incharge

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Promoteor Setup & Expansion of Parlor business as per the budget: a) Responsible to identify the suitable areas to setup & expansion of Parlor business in the area of operation. b) Ensure to setup the parlors in standard model designed by HFIL and achieve the targeted sales turnover as per the schedule. 2. Ensure to deliver the Milk & Milk Products to the Parlors as per the indent: a) Responsible to ensure to collect/receive daily indents for Milk & Milk products from the agents within the schedule. b) Ensure continuous supply of all the Indented quantity of Milk & Milk Products and deliver the same within the schedule to the respective agents. 3. Checkingor verification of Parlor stocks and re-conciliation: a) Responsible to conduct the periodical checkingor verification of Parlor stocks and reconciliation of the same without any deviation. 4. Ensure collection of 100% Sales realization & out standing: a) Responsible to ensure regular collection of sales realization and update the records from time to time without any deviation. b) Responsible for reconciliation of sales realization and out standings of each parlor and submit the data to the reporting authority within the schedule. 5. Proper distribution of Point of Purchase (POP) materials: a) Responsible to ensure proper distribution of Point of Purchase materials like Danglersor Bannersor Flute Boards etc.or for each parlor with proper documentation. 6. Customer Contact Programs and addressing complaints: a) Responsible to address the agents problems & customer complaints on time in proper manner without any delay. b) Responsible to record number of complaints received and addressed in the prescribed format and submit to the concern Branch Manager. c) Responsible to collect/recover the empty crates from the agents on timeto-time in safe condition. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Agriculture / Dairy Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details