TITLE: Senior Mobile Marketing Manager - Mobile

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role responsibilities In This Role, Your Key Responsibilities Will Include The Following - Establish, implement and measure the effectiveness of Mobile advertising program initiatives to drive awareness and adoption for Amazon Mobile products and services. Leverage internal Amazon marketing channels as well as external marketing channels such as mobile advertising to drive app downloads, mobile web traffic, and overall mobile customer engagement. - Support WW product application launches and enhancements globally, regularly analyzing and optimizing campaigns. - Establish and optimize a variety of mobile advertising partnerships to drive greater adoption of mobile web and app products and services. - Champion fundamental customer experience elements of our mobile products and services to ensure that the right voice and high-quality content are maintained. - Demonstrate ability to work at the strategic level (generating bold and innovative ideas for growth) and at the tactical level (managing advertising campaign execution, creating and optimizing campaigns, analyzing traffic data and solving problems). - Collaborate closely with mobile technical and business teams within Amazon as well as external vendors to manage simultaneous time-sensitive projects. - Coordinate with other cross-Amazon Mobile marketing professionals to leverage relationships, establish best practices for marketing and advertising and collaborate on a unified Amazon vision in the mobile space. - Basic Qualifications - Minimum 5 years of relevant work experience in online marketing, mobile marketing, and/or product marketing. - Proven track-record of delivering online traffic growth from multiple sources including online advertising and/or mobile advertising. - Superior verbal and written communications skills with extreme attention-to-detail. - Demonstrated ability to create innovative new marketing programs and/or partnerships that generate results. - Comfort rolling up sleeves to perform quantitative analysis and reach sound conclusions. High level of aptitude with Excel (pivot tables) required, and with SQL (basic queries) desired. - Strong time-management skills. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, and to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. - Composed, poised and professional demeanor. - Tenacity and sense of urgency; the ability to make things happen quickly with large, less nimble partners and/or teams. - Bachelor's degree required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Online Marketing Online Advertising Mobile Marketing Product Marketing Marketing Programs Marketing Management Campaigns Partnerships Strategy Customer Engagement Mobile Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications- Preferred Qualifications- An MBA is preferred- Experience in mobile eCommerce, mobile marketing or product management for wireless products/services strongly preferred.- Expertise in the online and/or mobile market.- Familiarity with HTML, XML, Photoshop and general office software. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: TalPro Leading client of TalPro. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details