TITLE: National Account Manager

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this National Account ManagerÂ The successful National Account Manager will develop and implement strategies to drive results and increase business, exceeding sales goals, and meet strategic account objectives. Qtech Solutions Inc., Somerset New Jersey, doing business as Qtech-Sol Professional Development Center, is looking for Account Manager who will lead India Sales and Marketing Initiatives from its offshore office located in Hyderabad, India. Position requires 40-50% travel. Job Duties: Achieves sales and operational objectives by contributing sales training information and recommendations to develop strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing processes, increase productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; identifying trends; determining sales improvements; implementing change. Meets Sales financial objectives by forecasting sales training requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Developing and implementing execution strategies to achieve sales goals, market share, and market growth targets Utilizing key information from multiple sources to analyze and identify root causes of issues to remove barriers to achieve sales goals Aligning with Customer and lead sales team to execute plans that deliver profitable sales, distribution, and delivery of all training program categories (Clinical Research, Drug Safety / Pharmacovigilance, Clinical Data Management, Healthcare, and SAS Practices) Actively developing our customers through negotiating programs to better facilitate sales at Product level. Coordinate efforts with Product development, Technical and Delivery teams for process improvement and meeting targeted sales. Involve in Recruiting, hiring, and training regional sales executives / training licensees. Develop corporate leads for ties with organizations and business development. Coordinate meetings with identified and potential clients with Qtech experts to establish the companys expertise in the industry and establish ties. Represent the company at conferences, vendor shows, and industry events Other Responsibilities: Report to Director Operations Meet and surpass annual sales targets Assisting the marketing team in product promotion and sales schemes Coordinate meetings between potential clients and industry experts to establish the companys expertise in the industry Represent the company at conferences, vendor shows, and industry events Provide feedback to assist in business development following customer interactions and site visits Lead solution development efforts that best address customer needs, while coordinating involvement of all necessary company staff. Proactively lead short-term and long-term strategic account planning process to develop mutual performance objectives, financial targets, and critical milestones. Meet assigned targets for profitable sales volumes and strategic objectives in assigned accounts. Develop marketing plans and actively participate in marketing strategic planning process. Maintain high customer satisfaction ratings, consistently meeting company standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Regional Sales Marketing Initiatives Product Promotion Business Development Account Planning Institutional Sales Corporate Sales sales marketing sales & marketing branding Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Business or Life Science, other fields will be considered.5 years of sales experience in healthcare products or related fields5+ years strategic sales experience in a business-to-business sales environment required.Experience in dealing with Corporate and Universities for training ties and promotions.Excellent communication, presentation, and organizational skillsAbility to travel 40-50% within region and national wide.Superior written and oral/presentation communication skills.Proven ability to set and manage multiple competing priorities while guiding others; work effectively in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.Proven ability to assemble facts/data from various sources, analyze data, and provide informed recommendations to top management.Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority.Must be proficient with Microsoft office. Education- UG: B.Sc - Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Maths, Microbiology, Statistics, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing, Other Management, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Bio-Chemistry, Biotechnology, Microbiology, Statistics Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: UBN Qtech Solutions ( India ) Pvt. Ltd Qtech Solutions Inc, USA and it's subsidiary Company, QPDC, Newjersey and UBN Qtech Solutions (India) Pvt., Ltd, Hyderabad, INDIA is to establish and grow targeting Research and Solution practices with leading business organizations around the world and provide Project Management, Training & Consultation, Business Process Redesign, Proof-Of-Concept implementations and Systems Integration as powerful and repeatable solution delivery towards Clinical Research and Banking. The Staff of Qtech-Sol commit significant time, resources and expertise to provide customers with the best quality services and support. In conjunction, Qtech-Sol will support the users closely and will deliver the joint solution." "Qtech Solutions Inc is in New Jersey and was founded in 2000. We are Software implement service and Clinical Data Management Solution Providers towards Pharmaceutical, Research and Financial Domain, specializing in Analytical software Technology Solutions for Clinical Trial and Drug Discovery Research Process. We as Clinical Data Management Organization, provide product development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries getting involved in approximately two-thirds of all Phase I - IV clinical trials, Our CDM professionals bring their scientific, regulatory and information management expertise to bear for the completion of timely, accurate, cost-effective trials and even controlling costs and reducing the research and development timelines. We also improve and enhance the best practices for implementation of projects to various Clients in the field of Drug Discovery, Research Practices, Regulatory and Compliance, Statistical / Data Management Solutions and Project Management. We have our facilities in New Jersey, USA and also at Hyderabad in India." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details