TITLE: Relationship Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Openings in Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Pune, Coimbatore, Mysuru, Vizag You may be aware, Real Estate is one of the fastest growing industries in our country. We have about 250 Realtors in India who have benefited immensely by being associated with Hanu Reddy Realty. As we are growing rapidly to all the major cities, we are looking for Smart, Committed, Dynamic men or women candidates to work as Real Estate Agents (Realtors) for our company. If you are passionate about Real Estate Business in the city where you live in, then this could be a great career opportunity to pursue in these times. If you satisfy the following basic criteria then you are the person we are looking for. Should be a Graduate of any discipline. Own a 2 or 4 wheeler, own conveyance Native of the city for 5 to 10 years Possess Good Communication, Presentation & negotiation skills. Experience in Sales / Marketing/ Service Industry preferred. Willing to work for a attractive commission structure as earning potential is unlimited for smart dynamic, commited people as REALTORS 2-5 yrs Experience in Real Estate / Home Loans / Insurance etc. Housewives with above criteria will also be considered in lieu of work experience. Basic Computer and Internet Knowledge Preferred. Salary: Profit sharing structure Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Client Relationship Manager Keyskills Sales Marketing Relationship Management Real Estate Home Loans Negotiation Skills Major Insurance Service Industry Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Hanu Reddy Realty India Pvt.Ltd. HANU REDDY REALTY INDIA PVT. LTD. is a Real Estate Company having offices in Chennai, Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Coimbatore, Mysuru / Mysore, Visakhapatnam and Irvine (California) offering Professional Services like Selling, Buying and Leasing of Commercial / Residential Properties in prime areas of the city. The Promoters of our Company have owned and developed Real Estate for over 75 years in Myanmar, India and USA. The concept of offering Professional Real Estate Services in India emerged after the success of the firm Hanu Reddy Realty at Irvine, California, USA. The California Office, which was established in 1984, is a member of the National Association of Realtors. Other affiliations are California association of Realtors and also the South Orange County Board of Realtors. All our offices are located in prime areas of each city and are accessible. We employ highly educated and talented professionals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details