TITLE: AVP - Transactional Quality - Black Belt/mbb Certified - Contact Cente

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role : AVP - Transactional Quality (Blackbelt / MBB) for a Global MNC in Hyderabad Job Description : Process : As a Quality Leader, you will be responsible for identifying, driving and tracking strategic initiatives and measuring results by monitoring quality metrics. You'll be responsible for contributing to and rolling out a strategy that focuses on purpose, shared vision and goals. - You'll develop an actionable goal commitment strategy that ensures the goals set for the quality organization are achieved. In this role, you will collaborate with numerous operational, training and software development teams both inside and outside to identify, define and specify solutions that improve both quality and investigator performances. - You will be able to understand how to identify the right inputs to achieve meaningful outputs, implement closed loop processes and measures to ensure improvements are realized. - You will have proven ability to assess situations and guide teams toward both short-term and longer term systemic changes. In this role you will experience a wide range of problem solving situations, strategic to real-time, requiring extensive use of data collection and analysis. People : You will be responsible for the performance and employee engagement of the on-site Quality Team. You will build collaborative relationships with stakeholders and operations teams, working closely to create and execute a quality project roadmap. - You will also prepare and execute regular program updates to senior management. You'll develop an effective feedback strategy that conveys progress and maintains engagement from our team, our stakeholders and our business partners. You'll form part of a team that's building a compelling rewards strategy that not only provides positive consequences for achievement, but also adds meaning and social value to the investigator experience. Summary of Responsibilities : - Drive a Zero Defect culture by managing controllable root-cause defects and ensure implementation of controls and minimize losses. - Own the development of robust quality feedback loops into training, analytics, and process to drive continuous improvement. - Interact with stakeholders at multiple levels and dynamically lead business and product teams to define and deliver solutions to establish quality standards and processes. - Identify and analyze data to isolate issues, identify trends, develop solutions and prioritize opportunities for overall process improvements. - Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders and senior management. - Provide meaningful and valuable write ups and program reports. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Assurance & Quality Control Keyskills Training Operations Black Belt Transactional Quality Quality Standards Data Collection Employee Engagement Quality management Desired Candidate Profile Qualification/ Knowledge and Skills :- Graduate / MBA having 8 - 12 Years of experience in driving projects / programs within a Quality / Process Excellence environment. Profile should be currently working as a Senior Manager / AVP Quality in a Global MNC.- Blackbelt / MBB Certification preferred.- Experience with Six Sigma tools and Lean techniques- Embrace constant change with flexibility and good grace.- Maintain a positive and professional demeanor always portraying the company in a positive light and effectively managing sensitive issues.- For us, the culture fit is non-negotiable, you will have high energy, fantastic communication skills and huge amounts of drive.- You will be comfortable with high volume workload and not be afraid to - roll up your sleeves- .- You will have a strong solutions focus and be comfortable working in an environment which demands strong deliverables.Preferred Qualifications :- Quality management in a contact center environment- Advanced analytics background- Additional European languages.- Experience with Lean and/or 6 sigma methodologies. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Search Light Leading client of Search Light Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details