TITLE: Social Expert

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design methodology and tools for data Collection. Collection and Collation of Social survey and baseline data generation Recruit & impart training to local enumerators for conducting field study. Carry out Initial Screening, Census and Socio-economic study of likely affected household. Organize public Consultation meetings/Focused Group Discussions with the project affected person. Organize stakeholder consultations with concerned Govt. officials, NGOs and other local bodies. Identify critical stretches and suggest appropriate mitigation measures. Coordination between the Engineering, Environment & Social Departments to Rationalize the Resettlement Plan. Data Analysis & Report Writing. Preparation of Socio-economic profile of the project influence area. Preparation of Social Impact Assessment report including Resettlement Action Plan. Coordination & Meetings with the Client and Stakeholders Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Keyskills NABET Social Socio economic survey socio economic research SIA Social Impact Accessment Social Impact Assessment public consultation FGD Focused Group Discussion Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.A - Sociology PG:M.A - Sociology Doctorate:Ph.D - Sociology, Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Voyants Solutions (P)Ltd. Voyants Solutions Private Limited (VSPL) is one of India's premier infrastructure services firms providing end-to-end integrated infrastructure solutions across the entire value chain. From Master Planning, Environmental Management, Architecture, Engineering, Design to Project Management; our multifarious teams have helped multilateral, public and private sector clients in their endeavour to build infrastructure for tomorrow. Our teams have delivered some of the most innovative, challenging and fast-track projects across India, Asia and Africa. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details