TITLE: PHP / LAMP Developer - Urgent Requirement

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Advertise Technologies is looking for a PHP/LAMP Developer with 5-10 years of recent experience working in a high availability Linux based environment. Job Description: Performs development including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, PHP, MySQL. Extensive, demonstrable experience and expertise with developing database-driven web applications using PHP and MySQL in a Linux environment .(LAMP Development) Designs and develops internal and consumer-facing and visually appealing UI/UX applications. Designs and develops workflow and database driven-applications. Troubleshoots and correct bugs, functions, and making design changes in PHP and Java environment. Tests cross-browser, cross-platform, and cross-device for inconsistencies to ensure browser and device compatibility. Knowledge & Skills: Experience with implementing and maintaining web applications in a LAMP hostile environment. Familiarity with relational database principles and design. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Highly motivated, good attention to detail, and able to follow through on tasks. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment with internal staff from across the organization and external consultants. Salary: Salary is no bar for good candidate Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Javascript CSS HTML JQuery LAMP MySQL PHP Linux Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Advertise Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. Advertise.com is the premier advertising network for Contextual PPC, Display, Mobile, Video, and Remarketing traffic, enabling advertisers to reach a wider audience through our exclusive network of publisher properties. Founded in 2001, Advertise.com continues to "redefine the ad network" - connecting thousands of advertisers with millions of consumers every day. Our mission is to provide advertisers with quality traffic that converts, and publishers with competitive listings that yield high revenues. Using our patented Click Shield fraud protection software, Advertise.com guarantees high-quality traffic for both advertisers and publishers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details