TITLE: Executive Marketing

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Job Description: 1. Marketing Mix for all segments of Domestic, Commercial, Industrial and Auto LPG; 2. Advertising & Promotions from concept to development and execution for Prospects and Lead Generation and Sales promotion iii.i. Newsprint iii.ii. City Hoarding iii. Cable TV iii.iv. Bus panel / Auto panel / Radio iii.v. Other medium /platform 8.3. Branding Various elements of Branding in Retail and Industrial business iii.i. Branding @ Franchisee/ Sub-Franchisee/Retail Outlets iii.ii. Branding @ Industrial Customers iii. Branding @ Filling Plants ,Godowns and Terminals iii.iv. Branding @ Trucks , Tankers iii.v. Branding @ Others iii.vi. Branding @ Auto LPG stations 15.4. Trade Expos, exhibitions iii.i. Preparing the annual calendar aligning to our target segment iii.ii. Coordination with the Organizer for participation i.iii. Coordination with regions for stall design, branding and participation 18.5. Presentations to Apex bodies , associations, desk research, 19.6. Sales Promotion Campaign Domestic and Auto LPG segment 20.7. Compliments and Gifts Ideation, vendor selection, negotiation and execution /dispatch to regions ( Annual , Franchisee reward scheme , Other events ) 21.8. Calendars , Planners 22.9. Communication ( Internal & External ) i. Content , structure and publication of the quarterly newsletter ii. Articles In-house publication ( India and parent company ) iii. Articles Other platforms for external Customers , vendors iv. Vendor management for Printing and other medium as per the marketing leaflets and other promotional / branding materials Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Manager Marketing - Internal / External Communication Keyskills communication skills Negotiation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: SHV Energy Private Limited www.supergas.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details