TITLE: Assistant Manager-sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Generate new leads through various public information channels and personal network. 2. Making cold calls to the new leads, fixing appointments and Making introductory Corporate presentations. 3. Understanding customer requirements, suggesting suitable product and providing technical assistance in running the product. 4. Handling customer complaints and trials at customers end. 5. Internal Coordination for the orders, dispatches, payments, C forms with distributors and direct customers. 6. Developing relationship with key decision makers in target organizations for business development. 7. Keeping tab on market trends and tracking competition activities in the given territory. 8. Monitoring channel sales and marketing activities and accomplish revenue and collection targets. 9. Mapping business potential and identifying profitable markets for companies products. 10. Devising business development strategies. 11. Regular reporting through mail and monthly / quarterly presentation to the management at head office for work accomplished, future sales planning, suggestive corrective measures etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Business Development Marketing Sales Planning Corporate Presentations Customer Complaints sales bd direct sales industrial sales institutional sales oem sales plastic polymer Desired Candidate Profile a. Hard core Sales Job.b. Pleasant and presentable personality with good communication and interpersonal skills.c. Ability to coordinate with different departmentsd. Person having past experience in plastic related technical / production services shall be preferable.e. Reporting and presentation skills are important.f. Hardworking and Good Problem solving skills.g. Able and ready to travel extensively. Company Profile: Arya Colour Chem We have made a commendable chronicle in the market as a dynamic organization affluent in the spheres of plastics, pigments and additive master batches. We have been frontier in PE & PP Master batches, Induction wads and P.P. (Pilfer proof) Bottle caps in Central India. We have assembled all our resources in Nagpur in the year 1993. TECHNOLOGY USED :- The technology used by us comprehends the use of volatile corrosion inhibitor (VCI) which is a chemical concrete. There are list of machineries used for the production of our products. OUR POSTULATES :- Our postulates involves reaching a global area and to captivate ourselves as the only brand who believes in maintaining the high quality. OUR PROFICIENCY :- We have a well experienced staff that cop-up 24 x 7 and work harder to integrate their work on time. We have a well balanced infrastructure compiled with list of machineries with huge working capacities. Our quality assurance certificate has added five stars on our area of interest. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details