TITLE: Senior Full Stack Developer - Java / PHP / .Net @ Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Technical Skills: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, similar technical degree. A minimum of 5+ years of Software Development / Programming experience using Java / .Net / PHP. Expertise in Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript. Experience with MVC framework. Experience in implementation on RESTful Services. Experience with modern front-end frameworks such as Angular JS , JQuery. Expertise on RDBMS like MySQL, Oralce, PostgreSQL with store procedures & triggers. Experience with Andriod / iOS application development is added advantage. Have a good working knowledge on integrated third party tools like SDK, WebAPIs like awsphpsdk, Googlemap APIs .Â Experience with test driven development (unit, acceptance and functional testing)Â Experience with Agile software development principles.Â Working knowledge on MS Projects / Basecamp / Trello / Redmine is an added advantage.Â Good understanding / experience on Cloud Services. Experience with server administration on Linux or Windows. Working knowledge on GIT. Good working knowledge on integrating wallets & payment gateways. Good understanding of Security OS, OWASP. Good understanding of Network security and authentication methods of protocols like hash functions, JWT Tokens, Oauth etc., What you'll Be Doing: Designing, coding, testing and analyzing new and existing web-based software applicationsÂ Provide leadership and guidance to coach, motivate, and lead team members to their optimum performance levels and career development. Coordinate with various stake holders at onsite/onshore and manage workload of team making sure that the team is effective. Manages multiple projects concurrently: provides work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans and status reports on a regular basis. Requirement gathering, Specification development, Preparing the documentation, define and implement a structured way of handling opportunities client meeting / solution pitch / RFP response / RFI response / presentation etc. Stay current on the latest software development practices and communicate those to the team to constantly improve their quality and performance. - Implementing best development practices with help of latest tools. - Evolve the existing software system applications and architecture in various areas as needed - Build strong working relationships with all teams in order to become a trusted ally in the development process. - Collaborate with product and design leads to prototype and implement features of new and existing products. Preparing technical documentation for end-user trainingÂ Creating new packages and improving existing packagesÂ Collaborating with other developers about creative solutions to challenging tasksÂ Leveraging cloud-based solutions when it's the right fit for the job Enthusiasm in building and extending teams.Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Javascript Bootstrap MVC Framework JQuery Html5 PHP MySQL Payment Gateways Postgresql Java andriod iOS WebAPI Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: COMPUTER POWER GROUP PRIVATE LIMITED Welcome to Computer Power Group Founded in 2003, CPG has grown from a startup to $10+ million technology Services Company. We believe in Integrity and Fairplay and that is one of our key values and differentials from other service providers. We live by the maxim 'Every Second Counts' At CPG, people, products and processes converge to create compelling, high-value, low-cost solutions in record time. We measure our success in terms of the value we provide to our customers and the extent to which we contribute in helping our customers achieve their ROI goals and competitive advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details