TITLE: Looking for Dot Net Developer, Senior Developer, Technical Lead_hydera

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position name Dot Net Developer, Senior Developer, Technical Lead Location - Hyderabad Short JD: 3-8 years of Dot Net development experience in C#, WPF, MVVM, Prism Framework and SQL Server, with Agile/Scrum delivery environment. Nice to Have Experience in implementing the healthcare application by using Healthcare Interface engine like Rhapsody, Mirth etc. Good Knowledge of Clarion 4GL language, HL7 standard and connectivity protocols. Healthcare experience/knowledge Detailed JD: Talented and smart developer with 5 - 8 years of application development experience using technologies like .NET(C#), C++, WCF, previous experience in medical software Experienced in SOAP, Composite Application Development, Prism framework, MVVM design pattern, Dependency Injection, Event Aggregation, WPF styling and templating, globalization/localization, etc. is desirable Knowledgeable in database design using Microsoft SQL Server, Entity Framework, etc. Experience with HL7 standard and connectivity protocols, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) desired Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or related field of study Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent problem solving skills and attention to detail with a strong focus on quality Work effectively in a team-oriented environment; proven ability to work successfully in an Agile/Scrum team environment Ability to develop and mentor team members and guide technical direction of teams Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C# MS SQL Server MVVM WCF Prism WPF Entity Framework .Net Rhapsody C++ heathcare Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SA Tech Software (I) Pvt. Ltd. SA Technologies Inc is one of the fastest growing & proven Information Technology Consulting companies in the US with a global presence. We have built highly scalable, world-class consulting practice that offer tremendous business advantages to our clients in the form of huge cost-benefits, definitive results and consistent project deliveries. Our areas of expertise extend to major software & hardware technologies essential to the IT infrastructure of any organization regardless of size, complexity, type of legacy or proprietary IT environment and location. We help our clients maximize their technological ROI using our onsite, hybrid and offshore services matrix. SA Technologies has proven capability to deliver results consistently as a technology partner and meets all IT human capital resource needs of private, public or federal enterprises. SA Technologies has its offices in the United States, Canada, and India and has proven service delivery capabilities globally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details