TITLE: Senior Web Developer/Architect/Project Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirement Analysis, Design, Develop, Test and Document Web Applications and Databases using best practices and .net platform, SQL Server and/or other databases Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, algorithms and working code. Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming. Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures. Evaluates tools and processes. Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; participating in professional organizations. Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; follows the software development lifecycle.net, SQL Server/Oracle/MySQL, Javascript, AJAX, Java, Database Modelling Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Srini Infotech Pvt Ltd Srini Infotech was founded more than a decade back in 2000 with the sole purpose of helping businesses with their IT systems and Business Process. SriniInfotech has vast experience in providing solutions to complex requirements using best Industry practices and technologies. Our ability to understand client requirements and priorities, vast experience and expertise in delivering robust solutions, commitment to quality and timely delivery let our clients enhance business performance, productivity and reduce time to market within given constraints Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details