TITLE: Evoke Technologies are Looking for SE/ SSE for Coldfusion Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Resource, Warm Greetings...! From Evoke Technologies, Hyderabad. (www.evoketechnologies.com) Little brief about us: Evoke Technologies Private Limited is a leading global IT services consulting company. Incorporated in 2003, Evoke has developed a proven roadmap for offshore outsourcing, software maintenance and support that delivers improved efficiency while lowering costs. Evoke Technologies is based out of Dayton OH with its offshore development center in Hyderabad, India. Evoke Technologies is a SEI-CMMi Level - 3 organization and ISO 27001 - 9001. We at Evoke Technologies are looking for SE/ SSE for ColdFusion Developer Positions to work with us. Please Find the bellow JD Job Location: Hyderabad Relevant Experience: 4+ Years Job Type: Full-time Open Positions: 03 Educational Qualification: B.E / B.Tech / M.E / M.Tech / M.Sc / M.C.A/Any Degree Note : Looking who can join immediately or 15 days Office timings: 12:00 PM to 9:00 PM Key Skills and Experience JOB DESCRIPTION 3+ years of development experience in Cold fusion Development Must have Exposer in Java Script or Data Base. If interested, Please send your profile to msarana@evoketechnologies.com along with below details. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Javascript Coldfusion SE Database IT Services Educational Qualification ISO 27001 Key Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Evoke Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Evoke Technologies Private Limited, Hyderabad, India, a SEI-CMM Level 3 assessed organization based information technology company Incorporated in 2003. Evoke has the Expertise into Software Development. We design, build and customize products and services to satisfy a range of customer requirements. At Evoke Technologies, we follow a clear cut strategy and blend it with a perfect balance of Technologies and Innovation. Our strategies, concepts, creative thinking and teamwork help us to provide solutions with World Class Quality. Evoke provides quality and cost effective solutions with optimal combination of on-site and offshore resources as a complete end-to-end solution provider. We enable the customers to concentrate on their core business models with highly competitive advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details