TITLE: Civil Engineer/site Supervisor/civil Trainer

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role / Designation:Trainer - Civil Qualification: Diploma in Civil or BE(Civil) Work Experience Minimum 3+ years of experience Location: Hyderabad Role & Responsibilities Candidate should have minimum 3 year of experience in building construction sector .Can be professor/Lecturer with 3 year industrial experience.Â Must be good in teaching practical and theoretical. Candidate should be flexible to work as per training schedule. Deliver training sessions as per content design by LabourNet. Candidate would do a batch induction to the students. Take care of attendance at the training locations/classrooms. Educate students on the importance of assessment. Must be good in communication. Diploma Candidate should have min 5 years exp. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Keyskills Building Construction civil civil engineer diploma civil bar bending shuttering carpentry Mason general Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: LabourNet Services India Private Limited, Website address : www.labournet.in LabourNet was started in the year 2006 as an initiative of Movement for Alternatives for Youth Awareness (MAYA), a non-governmental organization based in Bangalore. It began largely as an effort to provide a one-stop platform for unorganised sector workers to obtain services which are currently available and accessible by formal sector workers. Today, LabourNet stands as a separate sustainable entity which is exclusively working towards building an ecosystem that will empower the informal sector workers - estimated to be about 400 million -and provide access to this workforce for economic development. LabourNet is a social enterprise that creates sustainable benefits for workers in the informal sector by offering them a platform to access services. It provides financial inclusion, social protection and welfare services to unorganised workers, builds capacities of workers and markets their services to customers. LabourNet focuses on improving workers lives through seven strategies: * Enabling workers to build an identity * Improving productivity through a process of continuous assessment and skill training * Facilitating work linkages * Providing workers with information to live in the city * Facilitating access to accident insurance as a first step to social security * Linking workers to state sponsored social protection schemes (i.e. construction workers welfare board, unorganised sector workers welfare board etc.) * Facilitating financial inclusion by opening bank accounts and encouraging workers to participate in bank linked savings programmes LabourNet is supported by National Skill Development Corporation of India, besides other funding and knowledge partners. LabourNet is the Certified partner of NSDC. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details