TITLE: Call Center Supervisor (travel Industry Experience Needed)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage the daily running of the call center, including sourcing, effective resource planning and implementing call center strategies and operations Carrying out needs assessments, performance reviews and cost/benefit analyses of resources. Setting and meeting performance targets for speed, efficiency, sales and quality for all travel products. Ensuring all relevant communications, records and data are updated and recorded for future purposes. Liaising with managers, team leaders, operatives and third parties to gather information and resolve issues. Maintaining up-to-date knowledge of travel industry developments and involvement in networks. Monitoring random calls to improve quality by doing mystery calls, minimize errors and track operative performance. Coordinating staff recruitment, including writing vacancy advertisements and liaising with HR staff and managers. Reviewing the performance of staff, identifying training needs and planning training sessions and evaluations. Recording statistics, user rates and the performance levels of the call center and preparing daily, weekly and monthly reports. Handling the complex customer complaints or enquiries and providing solutions to the customers. Develop and optimize communication scripts and ensure strict adherence by the call center executives. Organizing staffing and resource planning, including shift patterns and the number of staff required to meet demand. Coaching, mentoring, motivating and retaining staff and coordinating bonus, reward and incentive schemes. Forecasting and analyzing data against budget figures on a weekly and/or monthly basis Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(Technical) Keyskills Staffing Training Needs Bonus Resource Planning Quality Improvement Customer Complaints Call Center Operations Team Handling operations team management operations sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cozmo Travel Pvt Ltd Launched in Sept 2015 with a vision to offer cutsomised travel solucitons for independnt and corporate travellers, Cozmo Travel India hasfast established a name for itself within India. With a complete range of world-class products and consultancy services that support businesses and individuals alike, Cozmo Travel reflects the perfect blend of global expertise and local knowledge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details