TITLE: AM / DM Recruitments - BPO Bulk Hiring for MNC BPO @ Noida / Hyd

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.Â Mnages the staffing process and completion of hiring goals. 2. Measures and analyzes key recruiting metrics for the purpose of managing recruiting effectiveness and educating our clients. 3. Work closely with business in order to deeply understand teams organization structure, responsibilities, strengths/weaknesses and key business drivers. Utilize this information to develop most effective recruiting strategies. 4. Consult with internal clients on overall recruiting strategy for both the short and long term needs of the business. 5. Responsible for working with Business Leaders and hiring managers to define recruiting plan for the year. 6. Initiate and maintain a network of contacts to help identify qualified candidates for hiring needs. Help drive all sourcing channels actively, including employee referrals, utilization of vendors, campus hiring, etc. 7. Use the recruiting process to drive the most effective and targeted recruiting strategies to impact business success, including guidance on job descriptions, levels, interview loops and candidate sourcing strategy. 8. Active participation in the full cycle of recruitment efforts, including emphasis on the ability of assessment skills to help evaluating candidates and ensuring the highest bar. 9. Lead final assessment and selection process. 10. Emphasis on continuous improvement, as such it is expected that you will spend time to ensure ongoing education of hiring managers and interviews on recruitment best practice and interview skills training. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Recruitment Volume Hiring Selection Process Staffing Sourcing Strategy Training Manager Recruitments Senior Manager Recruitments Desired Candidate Profile 5-10 years of experience in Volume/ BulkÂ Hiring in an MNC BPOÂ only handling International Call centre / BPO Hiring only. IT Hiring is not suitable. Graduate degree. Post Graduation in Human Resources from premier institute is preferred. Strong sourcing skills with a track record of implementing innovative and effective strategies for sourcing passive candidates. Should have a proper understanding on Market Talent pool, be capable of doing branding & attracting talent. Ability to understand business requirements and frame these requirements in such a way that technical and operational solutions can be developed for the highest impact. Desire to work in a dynamic, aggressively growing environment. Excellent Verbal and written English skills required. Requires an approachable personal style, effective problem analysis, ability to deal effectively with change and conflict and excellent planning and organization skills. Knowledge of other fields of HR is a plus. Requires strong negotiating, influencing and interpersonal skills. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Search Light Consultants The Company is a reputed MNC BPO in Hyderabad & a client of Search Light The Company is a reputed MNC BPO with a presence across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details