TITLE: Zensar Mega Off Campus Event 2017 at Pune

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Zensar Mega Off Campus Event 2017 at Pune Registrations Open till 10th January 2017 Basic Eligibility Criteria: BE (CS/IT)/ MCA 2015 and 2016 Pass-out students only Minimum 60 % of aggregate marks throughout academic career (10th, 12th, BE(CS/IT) or MCA, No live back-logs). Strong verbal and written communication skills Date of Interview will be shared by email (for shortlisted candidates only) Selection Process: Registration Online Shortlisting, Selection and interview Invite Online Technical and Aptitude Test Communication Assessment Technical Interview HR Interview Terms & Conditions Candidates need to apply online and complete the registration (All fields are mandatory to fill). Candidates fulfilling the eligibility criteria will get an invite for interview via E-Mail. Venue, date and time will be confirmed directly to the short listed candidates. For any inquiry, Contact: Ujwal Pardeshi at +91 2066358515 (anytime between 10.00AM to 6.00PM till Friday). For Registration please visit our website: www.zensar.com/careers and click on the Mega Off Campus 2017 Registration Link to complete your online registration Please ensure to mention your active email and phone to receive correspondence from us. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Fresher Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Company Profile: Zensar Technologies Zensar Technologies is among the top 25 software and BPO services providers in India. It is an RPG Group company. Headquartered in India, Zensar Technologies has marketing presence in US, Europe and Asia Pacific regions. The company has operations and a customer base spanning across 18 countries including software development centers in India, China & Poland. We have expertise in key verticals of manufacturing, retail, logistics, financial services, telecom and utilities. The company offers end-to-end solutions across diverse technology platforms and industry domains. We are on a lookout for people who believe in rapid response, flawless execution and delivering results. The openings for which we are currently recruiting are . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details