TITLE: Tech Ops Analyst (NAS Storage)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) Global Service Operations (GSO) is responsible for service support and delivery for JPMorgan Chase's Global Technology Infrastructure. Through its Global Service Desk and Infrastructure Operations Centers, GSO provides global, coordinated diagnostic and support services. JPMorgan Chase has one of the biggest storage environments in the World, servicing a heterogeneous compute system within geographically disperse setting. This position is part of the JPMorgan Chase NAS Storage team; focusing in finding the underlying issues that impair our systems from performing at its best. Our goal is to fix issues before they impact the stability and resiliency of our applications. This position requires an extensive background in Storage management, migration and support, and experience with the server side as well. We support a widespread of OS version, age and configuration; including AIX, Linux, ESX and Windows. Our environment is extremely complex, comprised of NetApp, Isilon, Atmos, EMC, thus, this position requires an engineer that has a high level of energy and is seeking a challenge. Primary Responsibilities: Migration, maintenance, and support of data storage solutions, utilizing NetApp/ Isilon Provides multi-level technical support in defining, developing and evaluating storage products to meet client needs Responsible for ongoing maintenance and support of the storage frames, and to maximize storage uptime, Responsible for provisioning, resizing, recovery and migration of storage volumes as requested. Supports these activities by diagnosing, reproducing and fixing software and hardware issues Allocates storage to new servers as needed Provides recommendations to improve the storage infrastructure and address/ lead critical issues and analysis Works with partner storage teams to ensure the appropriate storage level provisioning is maintained. Monitors server/ storage infrastructure and any processes related to these systems Troubleshoots and resolves problems identified by system administrators or through monitoring software. Investigates, identifies and documents proposals that will improve application recoverability Once issues are identified, this position requires ability to put a plan in place to implement fixes and close out such issues, taking into account, the complexity and size of the environment Resolving high priority incident tickets Engaging internal customers Attendance on management and technical bridges through incident resolution and preparation and presentation of root cause analysis Coordinating and driving both internal and external vendor IT support teams in resolution activities Executing assigned Service Request to JPMC standards and controls Providing on-going improvements to event monitoring Ensuring environmental testing and Disaster Recovery/ Business Continuity tests are completed successfully as required Provide production support for distributed storage environment including accurate problem identification, ticket documentation and customer/ vendor engagement Provides management with strategic and tactical recommendations for NAS environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills linux perl windows aix technical support automation production support configuration microsoft server Desired Candidate Profile Required Experience: 8 - 10 years experience in distributed storage environments 8 - 10 years experience in an associated technology (Server, Networks) Must have experience with NetApp Knowledgeable in Microsoft Windows, Sun Solaris, HP-UX, AIX Advanced experience of NetApp Ontap 8. x & cDoT Advanced Experience in NFS/ CIFS protocol troubleshooting. Experience in Ontap 7-Mode & cDoT upgrades. Advanced NetApp replication & snapvault technology experience & troubleshooting. Experience in NetApp hardware refresh/ migrations. Advanced experience of vendor tools for managing, configuring, and troubleshooting (including performance) Intermediate / Advanced experience with large switched fabric environment for Brocade & Cisco Must have Expert knowledge of basic RAID, storage tiering, storage architecture concepts, storage virtualization, local and datacenter replication practices, and storage best practices Strong scripting automation skills: Perl, Unix shell scripting (Ksh/ Bash) and Expect Business Skills: Good understanding of impact and importance of storage services to customers. Sense of urgency around critical issues Good positive attitude and helpful approach Good spoken and written English Ability to communicate clear and concise information in support of team and firm goals Timely escalation of critical and/ or complex issues as required Ability to solve operational issues with both tactical and long-term solutions Good problem solving and analytical skills Excellent time management and personal task prioritization Good planning skills and ability to deliver to agreed schedules Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details