TITLE: Training Executive (F&B Background Only)

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.Will be responsible for training and development of select retail outlets 2.Identify training needs by evaluating strengths and weaknesses 3.Should be able to conduct timely audits: Food Safety, Hygiene, knowledge, gauge results and come up with interventions on how to improve. 4.Should be able to generate reports based on training and be able to showcase training activities conducted and their influence on store operations. 5.Translate requirements into trainings that will groom employees for the next step of their career path. 6.Direct structured learning experiences and monitor their quality results 7.Must sync training interventions with operational KRAs of the outlet and deliver results Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Front Office/Customer Care Role:Staff Function Keyskills Training Needs Food Safety Retail Outlets Store Operations Report Generation learning & development training & development F&B food&beverage Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mountain Trail Foods Pvt. Ltd. Chai Point is India's biggest tea brand which aims to own and honor the ritual of Chai, ensuring last mile access to tea through retail stores and online delivery using electric bikes as we expand operations. We are now at 90 fast and casual stores, with over 600 employees across 6 cities serving 1.5 lakh cups per day. All our stores are company owned and company operated. We use only high quality loose tea leaves from India's best tea gardens, giving our tea a unique and authentic flavor. We are a cool, contemporary and technology focused brand, and use a cloud based platform called SHARK that allow for seamless and fast integration of billing and tracking across all our stores, through mobile payment and Wi-Fi based setups. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details