TITLE: SQL Database Engineer for Nowcom Global Services India

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong experience in database designing, database development of SQL Server databases. Should have experience with modelling tools such as ER Studio Strong understanding of SQL Server Internals, RDBMS concepts Identify and correct performance bottlenecks in applications by optimizing queries, creating/restructuring indexes and changing physical layout of data files. Should have good understanding of Query execution plans Maintain, manage and monitor databases, SQL backups, partitions on SQL Server Design and develop Data Warehouse for reporting. Transform and populate data in the reporting database using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS). Experience with Business Objects ETL is a plus Gather business requirements, design and implement SQL Server Master Service, Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), PowerBI, PowerPivot Understand business requirements and work with Software development team/Project Management Team/Clients to implement new application features Keep abreast with new technologies related to databases Should be self-motivated and work independently with minimal supervision Should adapt to high pressure work environment and meet deadlines Strong communication and team player skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills SQL Server Database Design Database developer db developer sql developer database programmer SQL RDBMS SSRA SSAS ETL Business Objects powerBI powerpivot SQL Server Reports Desired Candidate Profile Bachelor of Computer Science Preferred with 10+ years of experience in Database Development Microsoft or Oracle certifications such as MCSE (Data platform/Business Intelligence) is a plus Experience with Oracle and MYSQL is a plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Company Profile: Nowcom Global Services India Nowcom is part of the Hankey Group of companies and as such provides custom technology solutions and support to all the members of the group. Among the seven operating companies which include financing, insurance, vehicle acquisition, sales and rentals; Nowcom provides infrastructure support, custom software development, and call center services. Nowcom, along with its affiliated companies have continuously experienced 20% growth over the last decade. The Hankey Group employs over 2,400 people and has assets which exceed $5 billion. Nowcom Corp is also a leading provider of dealer management solutions (DMS), specifically catering to the independent automobile dealer's needs. DealerCenter.net is Nowcom's all-in-one dealer management software system that allows the dealer full control over their sales, inventory, insurance offering and financing. As an authorized credit reseller, Nowcom provides dealerships access to credit bureaus. Nowcom has a staff with an extensive background in the automotive industry. Nowcom has over 12,000 active auto dealers using DealerCenter.net. www.nowcom.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details