TITLE: Oracle Apps DBA with OEM

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this OEM Specialist Responsible for leading administration and management of all component software supporting Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c in a large scale environment Job Description: 5 years of IT experience. 3 years of experience in working with Oracle database technologies with strong experience of the Oracle Enterprise Manager product and associated plugins for monitoring and administration. Implement, configure, maintain support and administer OEM 12c. User and Role Management within OEM 12c Plan and apply OEM 12c patches as needed. Plan and upgrade OEM 12c to higher releases. Install, deploy, configure and maintain OEM Agents. Ability to automate the routine tasks as applicable. Experience in developing and applying Monitoring templates. Exposure to OEM 12c plugins, diagnostic packs, management packs - Weblogic, SOA etc Strong technical exposure to Oracle eBusiness Suite (release 12 and 11i). Able to troubleshoot technical issues in a Linux environment Strong knowledge of the entire Oracle database and Oracle Applications environment and architecture. Strong knowledge on Application & Infrastructure monitoring tenants, and capable of implementing within the limits of OEM. Ability to work in various scripting languages including shell, perl, python, SQL Experience in Oracle Real User Experience Insight is plus. Other Skills: Strong communication skills, including facilitation skills, customer service skills, relationship development skills with both technical and non-technical personnel Ability to plan, organize, and prioritize effectively, managing time effectively and paying close attention to details. Ability to work individually while still being a team-player. Ability to see the big picture and conceptualize and document creative solutions. Ability to work with Oracle Support and drive the closure of Service Requests on time. Understand and execute the IT processes of Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management. Use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills Oracle Apps Dba Oracle Enterprise Manager Patching SQL OEM Database Administration Linux 11I Oracle Support Oracle Database cloning OEM 12 c weblogic SOA enterprise manager OEM 12c r12 release 12 oracle application implementation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NTT Global Delivery Services Private Limited NTT DATA is your Innovation Partner anywhere around the world. With business operations in more than 35 countries, we put emphasis on long-term commitment and combine global reach and local intimacy to provide premier professional services from consulting, system development, business process and IT outsourcing to cloud-based solutions. Visit www.nttdata.com/americas to learn how our consultants, projects, managed services, and outsourcing engagements deliver value for a range of businesses and government agencies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details