TITLE: Asp.net/mvc and Product dev Experience in Hyd with 7-10 Years exp

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 7-10 years of experience in developing web based applications. In-depth knowledge on .NET Framework techniques 4.0 and practices Expertise in .Net, C#, ASP .Net development required. SQL Server - 2008/2008R2/2012, SQL Service broker, SQL Reporting Services, Data Structures . Good at Service-Oriented Architectures and Web Services. Hands-on experience on .Net MVC 3-5 Hands on experience on SQL Reporting Service, Third party Controls and AJAX are added advantage. Build new and maintain existing .NET MVC web applications, using HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS3. Strong knowledge on Object-Oriented Modelling, Analysis, Design and Programming. IIS / Hosting Environment Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills ASP.Net MVC .NET Framework C# ASP.NET MVC SQL Server 2008 sql server 2010 SQL Server - 2008 2008R2 2012 SQL Service broker SQL Reporting Services Data Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alpha Management Consultants Established in 1999 in India, we are a team of talented software and business professionals having international exposure, serving clients in US and Europe. Working with SMBs to Fortune 500 companies, we have developed solutions for many verticals using a multitude of technologies. The company stands out among peers by incorporating its values and philosophy into every aspect of its operations. In these 16 years, we have spread our operations into providing multiple services to Supply Chain domain, offering solutions for various players in the industry for multiple verticals. Apart from this, we have grown to cover Travel & Cargo domains. Upkeep of well established products in the Funeral Industry have proven us as a competent Solution-Provider capable of delivering high-quality software products. We proudly like to inform that we have our plates filled with projects that keep us engaged for the next few years. The quality of software delivered by us has attracted other clients from US and Europe. We believe this is the foundation upon which we have made it possible to grow to the current stage from a tiny start-up company in 1999. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details