TITLE: Urgent Requirement For Bdm

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Talent Logic Info Services Pvt. Ltd. is expanding its Sales Team to support US staffing services and is looking for candidates with a minimum of 1 year experience in US telephone sales. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Sourcing and converting generated leads Establishing new business relationships Managing client relationship with strong consultative skills Presenting qualified candidates to clients and following up until start of on-boarding Leading and working with a dedicated recruiting team Meeting Daily, Weekly, Monthly Sales Goals Ideal candidate is proficient in telephone BDM/Sales and used to working US night shift times; Monday through Friday. Candidate should have excellent verbal and written skills. Candidate should also be proficient in prioritizing work effectively in a performance driven environment. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Recruitment Client Relationship Management Bdm New Business US Staffing Night Shift Writing Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talentlogic Info Services Pvt. Ltd Talent Logic, Inc. (formerly Sai People Solutions, Inc.) was founded by Siva Tayi in 1984 and incorporated in Texas in 1986. The company is certified as a minority-owned business by the Houston Minority Supplier Development Council (HMSDC) which is affiliated to the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC).Today, Talent Logic has employees nationwide in the United States and India. In the US, Talent Logic is headquartered in Kingwood, TX (suburb of Houston). The company also has consultant locations in Atlanta, GA; Houston, TX; New England, Philadelphia, PA; Raleigh, NC; San Francisco, CA. Talent Logic's overseas office is located in Hyderabad, India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details