TITLE: Non IT Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : As a recruiter, one will be involved in identifying talent for the clients openings. One will be responsible for End to End Recruitment- Sourcing, Screening, Scheduling, Client follow-ups, Offer process and Onboarding Think out of the box to come up with new and creative ways of hiring. Explore the job market and build a quality pool of candidates Understand the industry and Business Work closely with the Account Managers and assist them in meeting Client Hiring needs. Excellent Communication, Presentation and Interpersonal Skills Go -Getters and Passionate. Experience: 0.6 -2+ yrs Notice Period: Immediate to 1 month Excellent Communication, Presentation and Interpersonal Skills Go -Getters and Passionate. Interview Details- Walk In - 21st December 2016 to 30th December 2016 Time- 10.00 am -6:00 pm. Venue- #1106 | Mount Nazir Apartments | Saifabad | Hyderabad | Telangana | India , Landmark : Near Kamat Hotel Job Title : Non IT Recruiter Employment Type : Permanent role with Tudor Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Work Location : #1106 | Mount Nazir Apartments | Saifabad | Hyderabad | TG | India Work hours : 9:30 am to 6:30 pm (Monday to Friday) 1st & 3rd Saturday : 9:30 am to 5:00 pm 2nd & 4th Saturday : Holiday Carry updated resume Contact Person - Yamuna Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,75,000 P.A Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills recruitement sourcing screening shortlisting scheduling joining Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Tudor Management Consultants Pvt Ltd Non IT Recruiters Tudor Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd is a ISO 9001:2008 certified company specialized in giving cost-effective IT, ITES, Non-IT recruitment & staffing solutions. We provide permanent, temporary and project life-cycle recruitment & staffing solutions with the team of professionals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details