TITLE: Teller- Branch Banking- Hyderabad

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Deliver quality service while carrying out the following transactions for customers: Cash deposits Cash withdrawals Demand draft/pay order instructions accepting and processing Accepting instructions for FD breaks Effecting internal account to account transfers Accepting and processing stop payment instructions Ensure that all of the above services are delivered with accuracy and warmth Assist in Service Delivery by ensuring timely service to customers so customer traffic is efficiently managed. Recommend workflow changes for customer service with greater efficiency and effectiveness. General Reconciliation and Compliance Activities at their level, which may typically include: Dual control of Cash functions Control of Security stationary Review of processing entries and vouchers Sales Referrals: where relevant, identify prospects for cross-selling from observation of customer transactions and highlight the same to sales staff He/She is aware of banks Mis-selling & Sales Policies and ensure adherence all the times. Educating customers about direct banking channels so specific transactions can be migrated to net banking, phone banking, ATMs, etc. Ensure he/ she is fully aware of all the policies and procedures issued in relation to ORMA, Group Code of Conduct, Know Your Customer and Money laundering prevention. He/she must ensure compliance with these policies and procedures on an ongoing basis. Any suspicious transaction must immediately be reported to the supervising officer. Premises management in areas of merchandising, housekeeping as well as store management As an employee, you are responsible for working with the Bank to ensure a safe and healthy workplace for all. As part of the Health and Safety guidelines you should: Take reasonable care for the health and safety of co-workers and those who may be affected by your actions or your omissions; Co-operate with Management to support and promote Health and safety in the workplace; Ensure that your actions do not put others at risk; Work in a healthy and safe manner; Encourage others to work in a healthy and safe manner; Report all accidents and incidents; and Bring to the attention of the management any hazard in the workplace Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. + Bonus Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Cash Officer Keyskills Customer Service Phone Banking Sales Cross Selling Branch Banking Service Quality Deposits Service Delivery Desired Candidate Profile Graduate/ Post Graduate Anywhere between 1 - 4 years of overall experience Banking knowledge Understanding of front and back office processes and procedures Good Interpersonal Skills Strong Communication Skills Team-playing ability Customer and Service Orientation Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Standard Chartered Bank Standard Chartered Bank India Pvt Ltd Standard Chartered is a leading international banking group which has operated for over 150 years in some of the world's most dynamic markets. We earn around 90 per cent of our income and profits in Asia, Africa and the Middle East. We're a leading international banking group committed to building a successful and sustainable future for our people, our customers and the communities we serve. With 1,600 branches and offices in 71 markets, we offer exciting and challenging career opportunities to over 89,000 employees. We are listed on the London, Hong Kong & Mumbai stock exchanges, and rank among top 20 companies among FTSE-100 companies by market capitalization Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details