TITLE: Openings for SAP APO @bangalore with Hewllet Packard for C2H Position

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HI.... Greetings from Crown Solutions Team!!! The job description is given below Client-Hewllet Packard Notice Period- Immediate / 15days Mode -Contract 2 Hire Location -Bangalore CTC- 6 lacs To 12 Lacs Exp : 6 to 12 years Job description: Essential 6+ Years work experience in Supply Chain Planning/ Operations planning function in Hi Tech or related industry with significant experience in multitasking/ cross functional collaboration and hands on work with SAP r/3 and APO platforms. Work experience on proprietary planning tools and integration with SAP Experience of working with Product portfolio of similar size (Revenue/ Geographic breadth) Ability to work with imperfect information; overall ability to recognize risk and key decision points. Ability to recognize cost/benefit trade-offs in the decision-making process. Capacity to interpret complex data. Ability to synthesize information from various inputs and develop appropriate action plans. Overall understanding of basic supply chain concepts Must be proficient in Excel, including knowledge of formulas, macros and pivot tables. Knowledge of business operations including factory constraints (e.g., capacity, lead-time, etc) Facilitation and Communication Skills: Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Demonstrated ability to work across organizational regional and global boundaries, ability to multitask and manage multiple projects in a cross-divisional and cross-functional environment Ability to effectively execute tasks, responsibilities and meet deliverable deadlines using multiple modes available for virtual collaboration (Telephone, email, instant messaging, Virtual rooms/ Net meeting as applicable) Ability to discuss solutions and requirements with business users. Should have ability to analyze technical needs, and work with the customers to develop project scope of work documents. Ability to present clear, concise information to highlight issues and trade-offs. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Interested candidates can Share me your updated Cvs to my mail id- Lokesh@crownsolution.com Contact Person-Lokesh Mob-9164699135 Office desk no-08042811015 (Kindly Note -Please feel free to Call me b/w 10 Am-7PM ) Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. best in market Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills apo sap apo snp dp Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Crown Solutions India (P) Ltd Hewlett-packard India Private Limited service Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details