TITLE: Hiring for Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hiring for Java Developer Exp: 4.6+ years, Salary: Â Best in Industry, Location: Â Hyderabad, JD Senior Java Developer Experience and Skills: 5+ years experience in java platform development. Experience with UML modeling preferred. Practical demonstrated experience in design and development of applications with major web development frameworks, including Java EE (JSP, Servlets, JPA), J2EE, JVM internals, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUery, AJAX; must have experience designing and implementing with Struts or Spring or other MVC framework. Must have strong web service integration skills (SOAP, WSDL protocols, REST, Axis, and UDDI). Skilled using database programming including JDBC and specific relational databases such as SQL Server or Oracle; strong understanding of database design and modeling, complex queries and stored procedures. Experience designing and implementing with persistence frameworks such as Hibernate or other ORM / JPA. Technical written and presentation communication skills are essential; must be able to present technical topics to the team. Experience adhering and enforcing strict software quality coding standards and best practices including version control, issue tracking, continuous integration in a test driven development; experience with reviewing others code, delivering constructive criticism and assisting developers with making changes/fixes. Demonstrated strong problem solving ability, logic and analytical skills; ability to prioritize work and participate in a number of projects simultaneously. Good technical aptitude and sharp at learning and using new technologies. Strong domain knowledge in Health care or Life sciences is preferable. Responsibilities Design and develop components and software products in a Java EE environment, applying industry standards to ensure performance scalability, stability, maintainability and reliability; Advocate best practices; engage and inspire junior developers through code reviews, coaching and mentorship. Analyze the business requirements to develop requirements specification documents. Troubleshoots production problems related to software products. Designs and develops new software products or major enhancements to existing software. If you are interested then kindly share your resume toÂ srinivas@edificetechsol.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Spring Struts JPA Java EE Hibernate J2Ee JSP Servlets JDBC Rest Javascript Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EDIFICE TECH SOLUTIONS Edifice Techsol is all about connecting skill requirements to the right resources that exhibits tangible gains to the organization. We don't merely place people; we catalyze your business growth by fitting the right resources at right positions so that you get optimized results. We initiate our services only after analyzing your business and its exact requirements so that you get value on your money. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details