TITLE: Opportunity for US IT Recruiter with DSR Infotech

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opportunity for US IT & Non IT Recruiter with our company DSR InfoTech. Designation: US IT Recruiter Experience: 3-8 Years Qualification: Bachelors Degree Location: PUNE, India Work Experience and Skills: 3+ years of hands on experience in end to end technical recruitment process across various IT or Non IT Technologies. Expert level experience in Recruiting Citizens, Green Cards, EADs, OPT, H1B & TN Visa Holders on all the tax term (W2,1099 & Crop to Crop) Experience negotiating compensation to close a candidate. Proficient on hiring hourly, salaried and subcontracting candidates. Strong experience using recruiting portals like Dice, Monster, Career builder, Tech fetch and LinkedIn. Locate and identify potential candidates through the use of Job-Boards, social media, user groups/associations, candidate referrals, networking, etc. Build networks of candidates and develop creative, cost-effective sourcing strategies to accommodate for current and future client demands. Desired Profile: 3+ years of experience in US IT Recruitment. Ability to meet the targets on a regular basis. Must have high levels of skill and motivation to search the talent for complex Technical requirements. Must be able to work independently in a fast-growing environment. Excellent written, verbal & interpersonal communication skills. Looking for Candidates who can join ASAP. Willing to work as per US PST timings/Night Shift. If you are interested in the above opportunity please inbox your updated resume on ppathak@katalysttech.com Thanks and Regards Priyanka Pathak ( Talent Acquisition - Consultant) DSR Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Suzlon One Earth | Right Wing | Ground Floor |Sun Lounge | Pune (MH) | India www.dsrminc.com | ppathak@katalysttech.com Salary: As per Standards Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills US Recruiter US Recruiting US IT Recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DSR Infotech Limited Company Overview: DSR Infotech is a part of Katalyst Group Inc. US Based MNC www.katalysttech.com (Katalyst Group Inc.) About DSR Infotech : DSR Management Inc. and its affiliated companies started out as 1 person Professional Services Company in the late 90's. After the dot com meltdown in 2000, we made a contrarian move and aggressively hired talented IT professionals from around the globe. Over past 10 years, DSR has experienced dramatic growth and has been honored 3 years in row on the Inc. 500 fastest growing privately held companies. Today, DSR is an emerging leader in the "next generation" of IT Professional Services and Consulting companies. DSR defines, designs, and delivers technology-enabled business solutions that help Global 2000, SME's as well startup companies win in a competitive landscape. DSR also provides a complete range of services by leveraging our domain and business expertise and strategic alliances with leading technology providers. Our offerings span Professional and Staff Augmentation Services, business and technology consulting, application services, systems integration, product engineering, custom software development, maintenance, re-engineering, independent testing and validation services, IT infrastructure services. DSR attributes its success to our associates who are encouraged to be client centric, which results in over 90% of our revenues coming from existing customers. Our associates are our greatest brand ambassadors and take great pride in being "owner operators" which results in one of the lowest attrition rates in a hyper competitive industry. DSR has a global footprint with offices and development centers in USA, Canada, India and Middle East. Company Website : http://www.dsrminc.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details