TITLE: Sr. Client Reporting Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose (Job Summary) : To maintain the highest standards of Client Reporting for Invescos Institutional/ Retail Clients by being responsible for the administration of defined portfolios. Key Responsibilities / Duties: Prepare Daily, Weekly, Monthly & Quarterly Reports by coordinating the information from various applications/ teams to distribute accurate Client Reports within prescribed deadlines. Support in Handling Client Queries appropriately and in a timely manner To be able to work under minimal supervision, besides handling complex queries. Provides training/ guidance to new members in the Team and assist the Lead in executing the Development Plans of the new members; may perform some tasks of the Lead, when required Strictly adhere to policies & procedures while working on reports and due diligence in completing with highest standards. Work on data testing of various items for new and current GCCP projects. Assist project managers with issues pertaining to items tested Assist Client Service teams with systems\' testing (i.e. DeskNet regression testing) or heavy production periods. Ensure Team Lead/ Manager is made aware of any item which is deemed to be aware of. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Formal Education : MBA Or any professional qualification with finance as the major License/ Registration/ Certification: (minimum requirement to perform job duties) None Work Experience / Knowledge: 3yrs of previous experience in financial services industry, with good operations exposure Understanding of Asset Management Industry and understanding of performance calculations is preferred Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required : Team Player Excellent communication skills Eye for detail and accuracy Flexibility and adaptability Able to work independently and drive initiatives individually whenever required Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details