TITLE: Consultant Pathologist - Part Time (birthplacehospital)

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Day to day Administration. Reviewing slides and reports. Ensuring turn around time of Laboratory tests. Making standard operating procedures for tests. Conducting Training sessions/ seminars for staff. Managing Human Resources. Staff rotation to decrease intellectual fatigue. Interpersonal relationship management to tackle unpleasant situations. Conducting yearly performance appraisals of the scientific staff. Conducting interviews for new recruitments. Managing materials & resources. Decreasing the cost per test by sourcing kits at optimal prices. Monitoring actual consumption of stocks versus the number of tests performed. Ensuring competitive market price of tests through effective management of materials and resources. Customer Care: Resolution of technical queries from patients, doctors and collection centers Furnishing literature support for disputed results, if needed Quality Assurance: Presenting the departments for International Audits as and when necessary Product Management: Making marketing inputs for sales staff about various laboratory tests Conducting CMEs for doctors in order to increase awareness Conducting training sessions for sales staff Participating in pre-launch, launch and post-launch activities of new products Should have worked on Quality Documents for NABL Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Pathologist Keyskills biochemistry Laboratory Management microbiology cytology Histopathology Desired Candidate Profile Should have pleasing personality and good communication skill Education- UG: MBBS - Medicine, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Medical-MS/MD - Any Specialization, Pathology Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: SRL Limited SRL Diagnostics is a leading and reputed Pathology Lab network. We are the only Pathology Lab Network in India to have 11 Reference Labs, 4 Centers of Excellence and 273* Network Laboratories with a footprint spanning over 6700 Collection Points. We offer more than 3500 tests, using the most advanced state-of-the-art technology supported by our highly skilled personnel. Today, SRL is conducting more than 107,000 tests in a day, ranging from simple to high-end tests. Through its network of laboratories, SRL offers an all-inclusive collection of diagnostic facilities including an extensive range of specialties in Pathology services. In addition, SRL also offers a host of other services like Radiology modalities including Computed Tomography (CT), Diagnostic Radiology (X- Ray), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Ultrasound and Positron Emission Tomography ("PET"). SRL is known to be one of the most renowned Pathology Lab centres that has a dedicated R&D division, which is ISO certified and also recognized by the Government of India's Department of Scientific and Industrial Research. SRL is a trusted name in the field of Pathology services providing quality diagnostic, prognostic and monitoring services to other path labs, hospitals and patients. It also provides Clinical Research services by conducting Phase I-IV clinical trials for Multinational and Indian pharmaceutical and biotechnological companies, thereby supporting their international regulatory submissions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details