TITLE: Websphere MQ Administration SME, 10+ Yrs Exp, IBM, Open Package

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Wish you & your Family a very Happy Pongal! I introduce myself as Pradip from VIXI IT Solutions. We are looking out for Global SME- WebSphere MQ Administrator with IBM, India, Contract Position Please Note that the salary is open, and in accordance with international standards. Primary Skill: WebSphere MQ Administrator Work Location: Bangalore, Noida, Hyderabad No. of Position: 11. Experience: 10+ Years. Education and Technical Skills Graduate with 15 years of education Working knowledge of Windows and one flavor of Unix. Working knowledge of Oracle, SQL or DB2 Database. Working knowledge of MQ Project Management and ITIL desirable Provided 24/7 Support for Production environment & act as focal for complex issues Hands on experience on WMQ v6.x, v7.x, v8.x Installation, Patching & Upgrade activity on Windows, Linux platforms. Supported, configured & documented Disaster Recovery Environments for Clients Taken ownership of Root Cause Analysis of Serv 1 Issues for Client environment. Hands on experience in Creating & Managing MQ Clusters on distributed platforms. Automating various MQ tasks like backup, checking Channel status etc, Implementing Pub-Sub scenario using Mq v7.x features Working with Liner logs & recovery of Queue Manager & messages with Liner logging Creating PMR tickets & working with IBM Support team. Concept of Multi-Instance Queue Manager or Queue Managers in HA(HACMP) environment. Knowledge on WebSphere Message Broker Experience: 10+ years of MQ administration and support across platforms like Windows, Unix. Experience on Mainframe/AS400 would be added advantage 15 years of overall IT experience Experience in support medium to complex MQ environments Ability to manage teams of 5 - 10 people Soft Skills Good Communication, Leadership, Problem Solving and Root Cause analysis skills Responsibilities as SME: Perform or assist in the below activities: Support resources on transition on new projects along with KT plan Plan the structure of the training to be provided to up-skilling candidates Create a personalized training roadmap for each up-skilling participant Initiate training program for resources as per personalized training roadmap Track and report monthly progress of each participant Template Resource skill assessment and certification - based on the skill stratification document Review Skill stratification document Identify technical scope of work on new accounts to be delivered by up-skilling candidate Evaluate that each participant can handle all tasks and can be assigned to account work at exit skill level (as per the task based training curriculum) Periodic review and evaluation to check progress of every resource Periodic review to track transition of workload to GDC Use real customer environment and lab environment to train program participants Shadow up-skilling participants to handle changes, migration & project activities Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology , problem determination, high availability, troubleshooting and best practices Act as a mentor & coach Explain concepts in simple language Use creative approaches Exception presentation skills PFB, other open position we have.Let me know which skill matches yours, to share the JD. Technology, Open SME Positions AIX ,25 Citrix,10 DB2,8 IBM SAN,26 Linux,22 Mainframe,8 ORACLE,20 SAP, 10 Vmware,9 WAS,13 Wintel,22 WMQ,11 Let us know if you have references. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. Primary Work location will be Bangalore for all the skills, Secondary Noida, Pune . Then Hyderabad & Chennai.2. For SAP & Middleware skills work location is Only Bangalore. There are no open positions for Other locations for the same.3. This is a SME role. Please refer JD4. Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology.5. He/She should act as a mentor/Trainer & coach. Hence, We can process the profiles like excellent corporate Technical trainers / mentors / Freelancers in the global market, if they are interested.6. Globally certified Corporate Trainers / Freelancers profiles are also acceptable.7. Resources those who have already taken interview in last 3 months, please excuse us. Company Profile: ViXi IT Solutions Recruitment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details