TITLE: Tech Ops Manage (storage)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) Global Service Operations (GSO) is responsible for service support and delivery for JPMorgan Chase's Global Technology Infrastructure. GSO provides global, coordinated diagnostic and support services. JPMorgan Chase has one of the biggest storage environments in the World, servicing a heterogeneous compute system within geographically disperse setting. This position is part of the JPMorgan Chase NAS Refresh team; focusing in refreshing the NAS infrastructure which includes capacity planning, migration strategy, PoC of Storage migration tools. This position requires a leader who is highly collaborative, open, transparent, and bottom line focused. To be successful, this individual must bring both the energy and experience required to drive business aligned change in a complex environment, while building a strong service relationship with their peers in IT. He/ She will work diligently to refine and enhance service delivery. In addition to managing the NAS Storage Refresh Team, this individual is also responsible for managing customer relationship with each of the Lines of Business (LOB). Primary Responsibilities: Migration, maintenance, and support of data storage solutions, utilizing NetApp/ Isilon Provides management with strategic and tactical recommendations for NAS environment Establishes credibility throughout the organization by being a proactive manager who understands the needs of the business and ensuring that all migration activities are directed towards meeting their goals and service levels. Works closely with the Infrastructure Senior Leadership team to improve the migration process. Ensures the all environments are properly migrated & clean-up performed on time. Ensures all compliance and operational controls are well defined, measured, and achieved. Provides input to Engineering and the various other Storage teams to define NAS migration strategy. Works closely with the IT Senior Leadership to ensure the needs of these functional areas are prioritized and aligned with both enterprise and line of business plans. Support the execution of NAS PoC & Pilot activities. Support planning and own execution of NAS technology refresh. Collaborates with the automation team to prioritize automation opportunities of migration processes and procedures inclusive of providing management by metrics to facilitate capacity and resource planning and continuous process improvement. Provides staff development and a strong succession plan to ensure adequate resource levels and skills for the organization for both the short and long terms Recruits, motivates, and develops a talented staff, and establishes a clear definition of functional excellence in NAS Refresh. Establishes and manages strong vendor relationships required to support NAS Infrastructure. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills service project management emc nas change management customer relationship capacity planning service operations automation tools Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications 10 years of professional experience, with depth of IT experience that includes Operational& Engineering responsibilities of NetApp, EMC, and related technologies. Experience supporting 24x7 business operations Exceptional project management and delivery skills Change management, strategy redesign experience Experience in NetApp hardware refresh/ migrations Strong interpersonal skills with a natural and proven ability to collaborate deeply with others. Must have the ability to form strong connections with peers, and senior leadership. Ability to work under pressure, balancing multiple tasks and priorities while maintain composure and resilience to relieve stress across the work group Excellent written and oral communication skills that enable the individual to create alignment around objectives with personal accountability for the goals of the organization Proven track record of leading complex organizations to achieve success and overcome the resistance often encountered when delivering cultural and operational change Strong coach and developer of talent Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details