TITLE: IT Bench Sales /marketing / BDM/ US Staffing

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Responsibilities At least 2+ year of experience as a IT Sales/Bench Sales/BDM in US IT Staffing is must. Proficient in marketing bench consultants in various IT Technologies Ability to meet the targets on a regular basis. Prior experience in marketing H1-B, H1-B Transfer, OPT candidates etc. Responsible for negotiating with the Vendor and Clients, regarding the bill rates hourly, per day, annum on w2/1099/CTC. Should have very strong connections locally and nationally to get the job going from day one. Strong experience in Business Development, Client Management, Client Penetration, Account Mapping, Sales, Etc Sound knowledge on IT concepts and latest trends. Must be able to identify suitable requirements from various job boards and social networking sites and share them with consultants. Ability to demonstrate Full Sales Lifecycle (Rate/Salary Negotiations, candidate submission, follow-up, Interview & On Boarding etc). Must be a self-starter and an enthusiast to mobilize prospective consultants and get them on board through networking & cold calling. Should have excellent communication, convincing skills and negotiation skills. Search Skills: .net developer / java developer / Abinitio / Informatica / Data Warehousing etc Must Create and maintain assignment track sheets as per the company standards and submitting the same to Team Leader Compensation and Benefits: Excellent Salary structure Best in the Industry Monthly Incentive structure Employee friendly Work cultureÂ Timings are fixed with Saturday and Sunday Off Company Profile: Ekam IT Solutions India Pvt Ltd is a progressive offshore unit of Ideatech Inc, focused on delivering IT Software Solutions and Staffing Solutions. Ekam is committed to deliver best in class services for its clients leveraging ETL/DWH, Oracle, IBM, and Microsoft technologies. Ekams services span verticals such as BFSI, Education, ECM, Security and Social Business. Â Salary: Commission on closures Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills US IT Recruitment Interviewing Bench Sales Recruiter Business Development Recruitment and Staffing Vendor Development H1B OPT W2 CTC IT Sales Search jobs Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ekam IT Solutions India Pvt Ltd Ekam IT Solutions India Pvt Ltd is a progressive offshore unit of Ideatech Inc, focused on delivering IT Software Solutions and Staffing Solutions. Ekam is committed to deliver best in class services for its clients leveraging ETL/DWH, Oracle, IBM, and Microsoft technologies. Ekams services span verticals such as BFSI, Education, ECM, Security and Social Business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details