TITLE: GSC Technology Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for end to end recruitment within the stipulated aggressive timelines and building the talent pipeline for the business to achieve the hiring targets for the LOB within the standard timelines at optimal price points Participate in the channel strategy for hiring talent thereby optimizing on low cost hiring channels and driving down the average cost/ hire To further the Branding exercise for supporting business to be able to successfully attract talent from targeted hiring markets Participate in the vendor strategy for the business by building on vendor relationships, monitoring and reporting periodically on vendor performance through business matrices to effectively improve candidate conversion ratios & overall quality of vendor service to the business To build successful partnerships with local and global stakeholders, benchmark & adapt the recruitment best practices across the site and global staffing teams & influence effective decision making on recruitment related issues To effectively manage recruitment systems, use of recruitment applications through matrices, scorecards to facilitate seamless on-boarding of new hires and leverage on available technology tools to facilitate the recruitment process & a collaborative hiring model with the business To identify & report on recruitment matrices impacting HR and business performance and generate timely reports on recruitment analytics to facilitate effective business decision making. To build team synergies and demonstrate leadership skills within the broader HR teams across the site & effectively partner with HR colleagues in driving the recruitment agenda for the businesses supported in India. Qualification Graduate/ Post Graduate with a total of 8-10 years of relevant recruitment experience of working in large, professionally managed firms, with exposure to a highly matrixed local and global reporting environment Strong understanding of the local hiring market for the relevant skill-sets. Capable of building strong Client relationships & professionally manage client expectations. Proven experience in managing an end to end recruitment process. Demonstrated ability to build and cultivate strong relationships with both internal / external stakeholders. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to deliver results Ability to work under pressure, prioritize appropriately, meets deadlines and juggle simultaneous demands. Committed in approach and flexible attitude towards working hours. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills recruitment staffing hiring service analytics monitoring branding tools business pipeline Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details