TITLE: Microsoft Hyderabad : Opportunity for Dot Net Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We invite you to explore this awesome, career defining opportunity to be a part of Microsoft. Â Microsoft has the following exciting opportunity in their rapidly growing India Centres : Designation : Software Engineer / Senior Software Engineer* Team : MSIT Job Location : HYDERABADÂ * we have multiple opportunities at different levels. The level & role fitment would be decided based on the overall interview feedbacks and just not on the candidates total experience. Job Requirements & Role Overview Candidates must have an understanding of .NET Framework & SQL in a development environment including Visual Studio.NET in a team setting.Â The candidate must have experience in using various configuration management tools including VSTS and should be proficient in object-oriented design and development and have experience in C#, ASP.NET, T-SQL, and web based application design and development.Â They should have very good understanding and knowledge of web based service design, W3C standards, .NET, SQL Technologies and understand distributed systems design patterns. Experience in creating internet scale web services is a must. Candidates should be adept at working cross-group with other teams, as our development projects are often coordinated with other teams around the world. Work closely with business and IT partners during early SDLC phases to understand the business capabilities and goals for the program Develop engineering artifacts such as Logical Data Model, System Conceptual model, Component Interaction Model etc Develop design and technology prototypes to prove out concepts, as required Bring efficiencies to the Envisioning and Design phases of complex projects, and gain business and Solutions Delivery trust as a technical authority. Create windows and web services based on the Microsoft platform. Create data access modules based on ADO.NET Entity Framework, LINQ. Create data tier artifacts including Views, Stored procedures, SSIS packages. Understand the existing systems, while analyzing upstream and downstream system impacts. Basic Qualifications Desired Educational qualification: BE/BTech/MCA/MS or equivalent Experience: Overall 7+ years of hands-on development experience with strong expertise in C#, .Net, SQL Technical Skills: Should have strong programming skill with ability to write optimized and reusable code. Demonstrated experience developing enterprise applications using Object Oriented Programming, .NET Framework, ASP.NET and SQL Server programming. Should be Proficient on following areas of .NET(.Net 2.0 or above) In coding C#, ASP.NET XML, HTML, JavaScript JQuery, JSON and AJAX Development of Windows services, Web services, SOAP, WFC services Multithreading Development of Data Access Modules using ADO.NET, Linq, Entity Framework Debugging/troubleshooting in .Net Should have good experience/knowledge on following. Windows Presentation Foundation / Silverlight. ISS Should have following design skills Proficiency in OOP Proficiency in Normalization & RDBMS Design Knowledge on Design patterns Knowledge on Unit testing Patterns Should have Experience/Knowledge on following Engg Practices Experience/Knowledge of Various SDLC Processes Experience with any of the following testing: performance testing, security testing, privacy testing, accessibility testing, and localization/globalization testing Experience/Knowledge on Requirement/Design/Code Review & Inspections Experience/Knowledge on Estimation Practices: Effort and Schedule Other Skills: Demonstrated experience working with global development teams Good communication and collaboration skills Good Interpersonal Awareness Proven ability to deliver according to schedule and work effectively in ambiguous situations Ability to learn new technology in short time. Strong Analytical Skill. Nice to Have Experience/Knowledge on Build/Packaging Automation and tools around it. Ex: MS build/Team build/WIX Exposure to Dev metrics - Code Metrics, FX COP, Defect Density, Code Coverage, Review Effectiveness, Defect Removal Efficiency ect Knowledge of development with ASP.NET MVC/ MVP/MVVM Knowledge of Windows Identity Foundation / STS Knowledge on WCF RIA Services, Reactive Extensions, OData, REST Knowledge on Microsoft Azure Technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills WCF C# ASP.Net MVC SQL Dot Net .Net WPF Design Patterns OOPS Object Oriented Programming Distributed Systems Web Application Development Enterprise Application Development azure AngularJs cloud Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Microsoft IT India About Microsoft Come as you are. Do what you love. We are a global company, located in over 100 countries, but we often act like a startup. We do software but we also do hardware, services, research, and community outreach. We work hard, but we value work/life balance and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised. About MSIT India Team Microsoft IT is for those IT professionals and business technology professionals who want to be strategic partners to the business and be the first place to create innovative solutions using all of Microsoft's products and services. Microsoft IT provides career growth opportunities, a rewarding and flexible work environment so you can better integrate professional and personal life. Inspiring what's next, Microsoft IT employees make global impact on thousands of customers and thousands of employees who use Microsoft software and services. We are IT. And we're kind of a BIG deal. Microsoft IT India (MSIT India) - located in Hyderabad - is the largest IT operations center outside of Microsoft headquarters in Redmond. It is the offshore arm of the Microsoft IT Engineering Divisions, which employs a host of niche technologies towards developing mission-critical business applications for Microsoft Corporation. MSIT India has grown to deliver majority of Microsoft internal IT applications requirements. Besides, it also manages the organization's global data centers, corporate network, 10,000+ servers and various other infrastructure management activities from Hyderabad. MSIT India builds and delivers mission critical solutions and services that enable Microsoft to run and manage its business globally, and thereby help Microsoft customers and partners realize their full potential. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details