TITLE: Openings With Evoke for Java Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Resource, Warm Greetings...! From Evoke Technologies, Hyderabad. (www.evoketechnologies.com) Little brief about us: Evoke Technologies Private Limited is a leading global IT services consulting company. Incorporated in 2003, Evoke has developed a proven roadmap for offshore outsourcing, software maintenance and support that delivers improved efficiency while lowering costs. Evoke Technologies is based out of Dayton OH with its offshore development center in Hyderabad, India. Evoke Technologies is a SEI-CMMi Level - 3 organization and ISO 27001 - 9001. We at Evoke Technologies are looking for Java Architect Position to work with us. Roles & Responsibilities Evaluate and anticipates impact of technical solutions on related projects, translates technical solutions based on client's needs and feasibility. Writes integrated technical architecture and solutions of multiple applications Stays current with technology and determines the impact of hardware and/or software upgrades on new and existing applications Ensures high quality, adherence to standards and best practices, high performance, and scalable, repeatable processes and deliverables Design and architecture documentation / presentations creation and review Fine tuning of existing architectures, tools and frameworks Mandatory Skills 1. Must have a minimum of 8+ years of development experience with good hold on strong OOPs knowledge. 2. strong experience in Core Java(1.7 or 1.8, Spring, JSF, and Hibernate/Spring Data JPA 3. Experience in SOA based architecture, Web Services (Apache CXF/JAXWS/JAXRS/SOAP/REST) 4. Experience in multiple application and web servers (JBoss/Tomcat/Websphere) 5. Experience in messaging (JMS/WebSphere MQ/Active MQ) If interested, Please send your profile to msarana@evoketechnologies.com along with below details. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Hibernate Core Java Spring JPA JSF JAX - WS JMS JBoss Tomcat Rest Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Evoke Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Evoke Technologies Private Limited, Hyderabad, India, a SEI-CMM Level 3 assessed organization based information technology company Incorporated in 2003. Evoke has the Expertise into Software Development. We design, build and customize products and services to satisfy a range of customer requirements. At Evoke Technologies, we follow a clear cut strategy and blend it with a perfect balance of Technologies and Innovation. Our strategies, concepts, creative thinking and teamwork help us to provide solutions with World Class Quality. Evoke provides quality and cost effective solutions with optimal combination of on-site and offshore resources as a complete end-to-end solution provider. We enable the customers to concentrate on their core business models with highly competitive advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details