TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The requirement is for Oracle Projects family of products in Oracle E- Business Suite Applications. Oracle E- Business Suite is the most comprehensive suite of integrated, global business applications that enable organizations to make better decisions, reduce costs and increase performance. Projects family of products help our customers to manage complex Projects to keep them on time and with in Budget. As a member of the product development team you will be involved in talking to Product Managers and customers on requirements specification definition and detailed engineering analysis.Do design reviews and code reviews for peers and team members.Provide innovative ideas to enhance development process.Provide support to complex customer issues. BE/ BTech/ MTech/ MCA with excellent academic record from any reputed institution 6 years of experience in any reputed company Excellent coding, debugging skills in Java, J2EE, OO concepts or SQL, PL- SQL, RDBMS concepts. Excellent problem solving, analytical and Programming skills Excellent communication skills Experience in working with E- Business suite or other Business application is a plus. Knowledge of XML XSL and related technologies is a plus. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details