TITLE: Trainee Life Sciences/assistant Managing Editor

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position title: Trainee Life Sciences, Assistant Managing Editor Department: Journals Compensation: 2-5 Lakhs Key Responsibility: Collection of expertise database i.e. from universities and relevant departments must be done in the given timelines. Responsible for collection of related data for Editorial Board Invitation Responsible for prevention of redundancy in collection should update the work report daily in MIS system should present an agenda in the regular group meetings should cross check journal web pages daily and should make it flawless Responsible for checking the dates & deadlines and make necessary changes in the website by updating as required Responsible for regular posting on blogs and social networking sites Responsible for proposing a new idea for getting more abstracts manuscripts & Exhibitors, memberships & Collaborations Editorial Assistant (EA) is responsible for communicating and building relationship with renowned scientists through mail and other modes of communication. Regular duties of the Editorial Assistant (EA) include checking respective Journal email correspondence, Journal web pages and providing immediate response based on the requirement. EA is responsible to follow the activities of the Editorial Board members and assist them in assigning reviewers for received submissions as on needed. Maintaining continuous flow of the manuscripts without any delay right from submission to the galley proofgeneration should be completed with utmost consideration by the Editorial Assistant. Editing and proof reading of manuscripts at the production stage. Managing uniformity in Issue release, campaigning to promote the journal, collecting relevant data and developing a database of Editors, reviewers and authors is a part of regular duty of an Editorial Assistant. Maintaining continuous communication with the Team leaders regarding due dates, Issue release dates or any other important task assigned. Completing supporting tasks assigned by the management within the provided time. Promoting Journals in various Social Networking platforms and proposing novel ideas for journal improvement. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Publishing Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Editor Role:Managing Editor Keyskills Editing Editorial Social Networking Life Sciences pharmaceuticals M.SC B. SC P.HD Biotechnology Microbiology Communication Skills Phrma B.TECH M. Tech Desired Candidate Profile 0 Months to 6 Yrs of Experience in any fieldCandidate should possess good written and spoken communication skills.Should be flexible and adaptablepositive in nature and should possess good learning abilitiesCandidates whoever are willing to work for Noon Shift should only apply (01-10 pm) Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Botany, Chemistry, Environmental science, Food Technology, Microbiology, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology, Biomedical, Environmental, Other Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Botany, Chemistry, Environmental science, Microbiology, Other, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology, Biomedical, Chemical, Environmental Company Profile: OMICS INTERNATIONAL PVT. LTD. OMICS International and its subsidiaries including iMedPub LLC and Conference Series LLC Organise 3500+ Conferences across USA, Europe & Asia with support from 1000 more scientific societies and Publishes 800+ Open Access Journals which contains over 50000 eminent personalities, reputed scientists as editorial board members. OMICS International is an amalgamation of Open Access Publications and worldwide international science conferences and events. Established in the year 2007 with the sole aim of making the information on Sciences and technology "Open Access", OMICS International publishes scholarly journals in all aspects of Science, Engineering, Management and Technology journals. OMICS International has been instrumental in taking the knowledge on Science & technology to the doorsteps of ordinary men and women. Research Scholars, Students, Libraries, Educational Institutions, Research centers and the industry are main stakeholders that benefitted greatly from this knowledge dissemination. OMICS International also organizes 3000+ International conferences across the globe, where knowledge transfer takes place through debates, round table discussions, poster presentations, workshops, symposia and exhibitions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details