TITLE: Infrastructure Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) is a worldwide organization charged with delivering a wide range of products and services end user, compute, data, transport, instrumentation and facilities partnering with all lines of business to provide high quality service delivery, exceptional project execution and financially disciplined approaches and processes in the most cost effective manner. The objective of GTI is to balance both business alignment and the centralized delivery of core products and services. GTI is designed to address the unique infrastructure needs of specific lines of business and the demand to leverage economies of scale across the firm. JPMorgan Chase's Core Foundation Services (CFS) group, within Global Technology Infrastructure, designs and delivers critical and foundational platform solutions for all technology infrastructure systems across all lines of business. This includes the engineering design and delivery of platforms for Directory Services, Authentication and Privilege Management, Configuration Management, IPAM, Orchestration, Reference data, and more. CFS Team is looking to fill a Discovery Services Engineer/ Developer role. The role will conduct engineering and development activities to drive and improve infrastructure Discovery Services across the firm. The Discovery Services is a key function to ensure infrastructure related data (systems, network, database, software, etc. ) are automatically discovered and accurate. The role will suit individuals with a background in Unix System Administration and Database Administration alongside broad experience of the installation and configuration of commercial software products. Candidates with broad experience of OS platforms (Windows, ESX, Linux, Solaris, AIX) will be at an advantage as will those with SQL experience gained as a DB Administrator or a Developer. Experience using BMC ADDM s TPL & TQL languages is a pre-requisite. The individual must be able to demonstrate a careful, accurate and disciplined approach to their work and will be expected to deliver to regular monthly deadlines. The ability to communicate and co-ordinate activities with a broad global audience is key to the success of this role and thus communication skills will be fundamental for the role. Responsibilities Conduct engineering activities as directed by the GTI Core Services product roadmap. Respond to statements of requirements with solutions. In many cases requirements must be expanded into detailed technical specifications by working with JPMC subject matter experts (SME) or occasionally with external vendors & software publishers. Develop BMC ADDM TPL code to meet discovery services requirements Develop and improve methods of automatic discovery of infrastructure data on servers, networks, database, and other platforms. Submit code for implementations to the code repository following agreed change procedures. Conduct full and detailed testing in concert with other changes to establish the accuracy of discovery and the impact on the scanning service and the target hosts. Collaborate with other Discovery engineers to implement changes in accordance with JPMC / GTI standards. Solutions must conform to JPMC Standards and IT control Policies. Conduct investigations into issues reported with discovery. Such cases may involve tracking cases with BMC or BDNA, providing documented evidence of the issue and collaborating with them on solutions. Adopt the Agile methodology and use JIRA to track work progress and provide status reports Create and maintain documentation (e. g. Install Procedures, Back-Out and Verification Plans). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql oracle sql server solaris aix python verification database administration configuration management co Desired Candidate Profile Requirements Experience of BMC ADDM s TPL & TQL languages. Strong skills in UNIX system Administration (Linux, ESX preferred) Unix/ Linux scripting and batch file experience and competency using Regex statements Excellent analytical skills with a high attention to detail / accuracy and following process. Experience using DB tools and technologies to analyze, filter and update information. (particularly SQL Server and Oracle) Competency developing and testing SQL Practical experience of working with the Agile development methodology Proficiency in Python programming utilizing REST API a plus Experience using BDNA Discover a plus Knowledge and experience of Windows System Administration and particularly the use of WMI a plus Experience in Software Management solutions or Software licensing discovery techniques a plus Prior Experience of developing Configuration Management and corporate CMDB solutions. Experience in large Global Organizations and working in a controlled environment. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details