TITLE: Urgent Opening for IT Trainer for Ddugky

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Aspirants, Greetings from TMI e2E Academy!! We have an immediate openings for IT Trainer. Please find below details for more information. Designation: IT Trainer Experience Required: 1 to 2 years in relevant field Salary: Based on experience and skills. Location: Medak Qualification: Degree /PGÂ Required Languages : English, Hindi & Telugu Job Description: Responsible for effective training of youth. Responsible for monitoring the quality of training being imparted and maintain the standards at the centre. Apply innovative teaching tools and techniques to check absenteeism and retain the candidates for the entire training duration. Conduct weekly / fortnightly / monthly assessments at all the centers and evaluate the progress. Develop cordial relationship with the candidates and guardians through meetings at the centre etc. Report to Centre Incharge. Prepare and submit the weekly, monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly reports using the given Reporting Formats. Report to and assist the Centre Incharge cum Trainer in all operations to ensure smooth running of the centre.Â Interested candidates can send updated resumes to nazeemuddin@tmie2e.com Please refer the job to your friends and colleagues as well. "Last date of CV's submission is on 31st Dec 2016" Best Regards, Nazeemuddin, Cont: 9885744374 TMI e2E Academy. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Keyskills it trainer it training ddugky trainer training computer trainer computer training computer trainers Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: TM Inputs & Services Pvt. Ltd. TMI e2E Academy is a training and placement firm for fresh Graduates and Diploma holders with 0-1 years of work experience. An NSDC (National Skills Development Corporation) partner company that is focused on enhancing skill levels of graduates in India which would result in more employment opportunities. We have a target of training and placing 5.2 lakh graduates in the next 10 years. We are hiring for corporates across various industries like Auto, Banking, Retail, Engineering, Pharma, Agri-Inputs and Hospitality, and will be the largest company in the Graduate employability space. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details