TITLE: Urgent Opening for Senior US IT Recruiter - Direct Clients

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Senior IT Recruiter(US Staffing) Location: Hyderabad Duration - Full Time/ Permanent We are actively seeking strong IT Recruiter to join our successful team in Hyderabad. The below mentioned requirement might be a perfect fit for you. Job Responsibilities: Responsible for handling complete recruitment life cycle for Direct Clients in the US. Develop action plans/recruiting strategies to identify qualified candidates through various job portals and networking websites. Responsible for handling different types of IT requirements such as: Java, .Net, Oracle, SAP, Embedded, Linux, UNIX, HTML, DHTML, and XML etc. Responsible for achieving a good conversion ratio of submittals into interview and placement. To ensure recruitment Service Level Agreements (SLAs) are met as mutually agreed with operations and other key stakeholders. Regular Interaction/daily meetings with team and business unit heads to discuss requirements, determine focus, sourcing strategies, interview evaluations, offers, hires, future requirements and create a funnel of potential candidates proactively. Salary: Recurring Incentives,meal Coupons Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills US IT Recruitment w2 us recruitment us it recruiter 1099 US IT Staffing hr recruiter US Staffing Sr. Technical Recruiter Sr. IT Recruiter US STaffing Direct Clients US Staffing Direct Client MSP VMS US Recruiter technical recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Desired Skills The ideal candidate will be highly driven with superior communication and interpersonal skills. Must be self-motivated and must possess good attitude. Should have ability to deliver results in fast paced & metrics driven environment. Candidate must have clear understanding of benefits ,compensation ,US Visa/ employment types and terms like W2, US Citizen, GC , OPT and CPT. etc.Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in IT is preferred however combination of education and experience will also be considered. Must have minimum 1+ yearsÂ of experience in US IT Recruitment. Must have hands on experience working with MSP/VMS based Direct Clients.Remuneration:Attractive Base Salary + Industry Best Recurring Incentives + Meal Coupons + Health Benefits + Other Standard Benefits (Paid Leaves/Vacation etc.)+ Excellent Rewards & Recognition program. Company Profile: US Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd US Tech Solutions US Tech Solutions is a new age leading talent and technology solutions firm. Our current global revenues are in the range of $150 Million. Our staffing solutions include multiple labour categories like IT, Scientific, Clinical, Engineering, Finance, Pharma and Professional & Admin. We have existing relationships and accounts with all the large MSP's in the market. We are currently in the top 10% of the suppliers in over 80% of the programs that we participate in. US Tech was awarded as supplier of the year for 2012 by Volt MSP and Supplier of the year by Kelly MSP for 2013 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details