TITLE: Inside Sales Professionals (US Shift), 1 - 6 Years, Hyderabad

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from OSI !!! We are looking for Inside Sales/ MBA who will be: Primarily responsible for Lead generation. Appointment setting through cold calls to prospective clients across North America. Generating new opportunities by working closely with Marketing and Field Sales teams. US work timing (Night Shift) for Hyderabad Location. Building and maintaining contact lists. Following up prospective conversations by email and telephone to understand and qualify opportunities as per approved process, and hand over qualified prospects to field sales at the appropriate stage. Nurturing of leads. Capturing all conversations with prospects in the CRM tool for further analysis and reporting. Must be ready to work in US Shift. Interested resources can drop in your resume at skandhiraju@osius.com with the below details: Exp - CCTC - ECTC - NP -Â Regards, Sravanthi Kandhiraju. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Inside Sales US Shift Lead Generation Cold Calling Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: OSI Consulting Pvt. Ltd. We believe opportunity is what you can be but not just a job or task. We believe in sustaining the environment that fosters innovation which eventually resulted in our success. OSI Consulting is a global provider of modern technology solutions for business Headquartered in Woodland Hills, California, OSI Consulting provides technology strategy, business solution and process optimization, and application development expertise to help our customers realize their business objectives. With specialization in Oracle Applications, Business Analytics, Systems Integration, e-Commerce and Managed Services, OSI utilizes innovative technology solutions to enable new products and channels for our customers. In addition, OSI enables greater awareness of performance metrics to make critical real-time adjustments throughout business operations. Since 1993, we have successfully helped clients around the world with business transformation, implementation of integrated enterprise solutions and managing complex systems and infrastructure. OSI has partnered with leading enterprise software companies and infrastructure providers such as Oracle, TIBCO, EMC, Amazon and Savvis. OSI is able to leverage these partner relationships to deliver high-quality, end-to-end customer solutions that are targeted to the needs of each customer, throughout the various stages of growth. Headquartered in California and having our presence at other locations like Middle East, Canada, US,UK , Philippines and India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details