TITLE: .Net Developer/software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TEKsystems!!! TEKsystems is a subsidiary of Allegis Group, the largest private talent management firm in the world. Our longstanding history and industry-leading position speak to our success in providing the IT staffing solutions, IT services and talent management insight required for you to actualize ROI and sustain a truly competitive advantage in a fast-changing market. This is in relevance to an opportunity for .Net Developer with TEKsystems for one of our clients based in Hyderabad. Role: .Net Developer of 3-5 years of working experience in Oracle SQL/PLSQL with Access VBA as front end Job Description: Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance. Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation. Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design. Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements. Consult with customers about software system design and maintenance Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. Allegis is a US based $11billion world leader in recruitment and staffing services to over 4000 customers globally. We are into this business for about 30 years. * Coming to our Indian Operations, we are about 9yrs and we are into different business verticals by means of acquisitions and partnerships. * One of the top vendors to 95% of Fortune 500 companies * Employs over 100,000 employees across different parts of the world * Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices * The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 1st Largest in the US * World's largest Technology staffing company - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering * One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * We are into all the 4 core HR areas. That includes Perm hiring, Contract staffing, large scale RPO Engagements and executive search. Apart from this we are also into IT and Engineering services. * Specialties: Staffing & HR Services, IT Staffing and Consulting, Technical, professional and industrial staffing, Managerial, professional and accredited accounting and financial staffing, Legal Staffing. http://www.allegisgroup.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details