TITLE: Technical Support Engineer - SQL Server

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Adrenalin eSystems Limited (A INTELLECT Group Company) is hiring Technical Support Engineers. Desired : - Any Graduate with 2 - 6 years of experience in providing product support to clients. - Strong knowledge in SQL Server & hands-on experience in Product Support Job Description : This is a client interactive role. - Provide problem analysis and resolve client issues with the aid of available helpdesk tools or escalate issues to the development team for resolution with sufficient information. - Answer phones calls/email/chat and provide excellent customer service in a timely and efficient manner - Ensure accurate call comments are entered and appropriate information is provided in escalated calls. - Ensure call standards are maintained with respect to greeting, problem identification, proposed solution and conclusion. - Collaborate with team members on knowledge transfer, support policies, procedures and standards. - Provide end user training to clients on a need basis either remotely or in person. - Participate in Service Pack deployments (upgrades and fixes) in customer environments as advised by Support manager or Delivery Director or Delivery Head. - Help the Adrenalin implementation engineers in the field during trouble shooting while implementation. - Should carry operational knowledge on SQL & also web applications that will help in assisting resolving user queries or building reports to customer quickly. Skillsets : - Product Support experience with sound Knowledge in SQL Server - Experienced in supporting Web Application, preferably in HR and Payroll domains will be an added advantage - Good Communication Skills Interested candidates may apply directly with their details or contact the undersigned for the interview schedule. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Technical Support Engineer SQL Server Web Application troubleshooting customer service Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Adrenalin eSystems Ltd ADRENALIN eSYSTEMS LIMITED (INTELLECT Group Company) Adrenalin is a web-based human resource software that automates the entire HR processes to boost productivity. AeSys product, Adrenalin is a comprehensive solution that covers every aspect of the HR process spectrum: Workforce Administration, Recruitment, Performance Management, Talent Development, Payroll, HR Analytics, Enterprise Collaboration and Mobile. Looking for a career in the Top HRMS Company, share your profile with our HR team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details