TITLE: Immediate Opening for Oracle DBA, Bangalore, 3+ Yrs.

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from ASAP Info Systems!! Experience: 3+ Yrs Mode:Contract to Hire Location: Bangalore Skill : Oracle DBA Note: We are looking for Immediate Joiners & Serving notice period candidates only. Interested candidates please send your updated resume along with below the details. Full Name: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: DOB: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month: Notice Period: Current Company: Current Location: Payroll company if any: Pan card: Please mention if you have any education gap/career gap: (PLEASE ATTACH ANY 1 MONTH PAYSLIP FOR EVERY COMPANY WORKED TILL DATE - MANDATORY) Job Description: An oracle DBA is responsible in providing analysis to their team or service management in order to make adequate informed decision regarding the resource management. Oracles DBA are also tasked in problem escalation to their oracle development team, 3rd parties, maintenance and improvement of databases which include upgrades and rollout. They implement and release some database changes that are submitted by their development team. They ensure performance and availability of the oracle databases which generally support their system. An oracle DBA works with its team so as to ensure their associated hardware resources are well-allocated to their databases and promote optimum performance and high availability. They also monitor their system database in order to make sure that services are secured with a minimum downtime. Oracle database administrators utilize some database software in order to manage and store information. They usually set-up databases system and make certain that the systems run efficiently. They make sure that the data stored is regularly backed-up, effectively stored and secure the data from any unauthorized access. Note:Shortlisted candidates should be available for F2F with prior intimation. Thanks & Regards, Devi K ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. 5th floor, Sathsurya Complex, Plot no 55, Kavuri hills main road, Above Cybercity Building Diagonally Opp to Madhapur police station Hyderabad, Telangana 500033 Phone: 040- 48127729 durgadevi@asapinfosystems.com , www.asapinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills oracle dba oracle database administrator oracle database admin Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd Who we are? ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 12 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details