TITLE: Immediate Opening for Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD for BSA - Work with the business stakeholders to rationalize and prioritize the business requirements. - Preparing Business process flows and eliciting the business requirements and documenting them. - Breaking down of business requirements in to User Stories that are Clear, Precise and testable. - Preparing detailed process flows (Visio) and demo scenarios of Complex logic situations. - Prepare Requirement traceability matrix that maps user stories to Business requirements and ensure that all the requirements are met. - Collaborating with technical team to communicate and expound requirements and contributing to development of the requirements - Preparing business scenarios, Release Notes and supporting artifacts for the Testing Team. - Assist with system integration and user acceptance testing. Prime responsible candidate during UAT. Support creation of Test Plans in the team and review them. - Should comprehend the issues end user may have upfront and come up with a solution. This comes with good understanding of the system. - Root Cause Analysis, Best Practices and Lessons Learnt to be documented at the end of each implementation\Change Request. - Conducting Gap Analysis and feasibility analysis of the Change Requests \ Implementations and owning end to end responsibility for a bug free delivery. - Act as a Scrum master and ensure that requirements are understood by team members - Understanding and analyzing business expectations and conducting workshops outside the scrum - Should be strong enough to represent the entire team solely in Scrum calls. - Assist in the facilitation of meetings between the IT and business stakeholders and ensure proper and correct status of the tasks in hand are provided. - Strong requirements gathering and documentation skills - Analyze the impact of business requirements changes to the project - Collaborate with the technical resources to ensure that the system design adequately reflects the business requirements. - Raise the alarm at the right time in case of unexpected delays, resource issues etc. - SME & SPOC acting as bridge between Client, Quality team and Development team. JD for BSA - Work with the business stakeholders to rationalize and prioritize the business requirements. - Preparing Business process flows and eliciting the business requirements and documenting them. - Breaking down of business requirements in to User Stories that are Clear, Precise and testable. - Preparing detailed process flows (Visio) and demo scenarios of Complex logic situations. - Prepare Requirement traceability matrix that maps user stories to Business requirements and ensure that all the requirements are met. - Collaborating with technical team to communicate and expound requirements and contributing to development of the requirements - Preparing business scenarios, Release Notes and supporting artifacts for the Testing Team. - Assist with system integration and user acceptance testing. Prime responsible candidate during UAT. Support creation of Test Plans in the team and review them. - Should comprehend the issues end user may have upfront and come up with a solution. This comes with good understanding of the system. - Root Cause Analysis, Best Practices and Lessons Learnt to be documented at the end of each implementation\Change Request. - Conducting Gap Analysis and feasibility analysis of the Change Requests \ Implementations and owning end to end responsibility for a bug free delivery. - Act as a Scrum master and ensure that requirements are understood by team members - Understanding and analyzing business expectations and conducting workshops outside the scrum - Should be strong enough to represent the entire team solely in Scrum calls. - Assist in the facilitation of meetings between the IT and business stakeholders and ensure proper and correct status of the tasks in hand are provided. - Strong requirements gathering and documentation skills - Analyze the impact of business requirements changes to the project - Collaborate with the technical resources to ensure that the system design adequately reflects the business requirements. - Raise the alarm at the right time in case of unexpected delays, resource issues etc. - SME & SPOC acting as bridge between Client, Quality team and Development team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills User Stories UAT Feasibility Analysis User Acceptance Testing Gap Analysis System Integration Scrum Master Root Cause Analysis System Design Business Process Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Verakki Tech Services Pvt Ltd good Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details