TITLE: Direct Walkin for QA Engineer@verinon Technologies(cmmi Level 3)

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Graduate in Computer Science with experience of 2-3 years in QA Test engineer Experience with reviewing requirements and developing test cases based on those requirements Experience in testing life cycle, manual testing and testing tools such as Load Runner and JMeter are preferable Experience on Selenium will be added advantage. Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs, Monitor and validate fixed bugs via JIRA on a daily basis Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Analyse test data and provide test and coverage reports Ability to design and execute complex test scenarios, including performance testing Functional and non-functional testing of web based applications Proactively establish and maintain communication channels with all stakeholders Good understanding of Test Methodologies Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to multitask and meet deadlines in a fast-paced start-up environment Must take initiative and the ability to work with minimal guidance *** Preferable Male candidates*** Walkin Date:24th Dec Time:10AM-12PM Venue details: Verinon Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. #305, 3rd Floor, Mayfair Complex, SP Road, Begumpet Landmark - Opposite to Traffic Police Training Center, Above Vodafone Store Hyderabad - 500003, India Phone: 040-40314125 soujanya.neelam@verinon.com | www.verinon.com Regards Soujanya Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Selenium Load Runner JMeter automation testing performance testing manual testing functional testing test engineer QA analyst jira Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Verinon Technoloy Solutions Pvt Ltd. QA Engineer@verinon Technologies With over 650 professionals in six continents, Verinon Solutions offers strategic business and technology solutions to its clients around the globe. Our relationship with our clients varies anywhere from one specialist in a form of staff augmentation to full project rollouts for clients where we are developing and deploying across multiple continents. We focus on quality but are aggressive in our costs and timelines by bringing in a mix of delivery options ranging from on-site, off-site, off-shore as well as a mix of hybrid approaches. Our off-shore development teams have earned both an ISO-9001 certification and have been rated CMMi Level 3 capable. Our team is committed to progress where we are well down the path of our CMMi Level 5 validation which we on schedule to earn within the next twelve months. We have been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies with a recognition that included inclusion into the 2007 group that qualified for the INC 500. Our approach is unique where we recruit both locally and globally for the best resources. Our specialists have origins from each of the habited continents. We embrace and practice diversity not for compliance but out of mere necessity of business. Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Illinois, we have offices and technology centers throughout the United States, Asia Pacific and EMEA. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details