TITLE: PCB Designer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities : 1. Support engineering and manufacturing in the areas of new product development and current product maintenance. 2. Operate in a team environment, providing input to design solutions and participating in design reviews. 3. Develop recommendations within established guidelines; work and decisions are reviewed by supervisors before implementation. 4. Analyze, reads and understands technical requirements written by others to design PCBs. 5. Develop schematic symbols based off of data sheets provided by electronic engineering. 6. Develop CAD models with the support of manufacturing for use in PCB design. 7. Apply existing design solutions to routine problems. 8. Updates schematics 9. Furnish necessary information to document and order PCBs. 10. Learn and apply Company PCB policies and practices and learn Company products. Desired Functional Knowledge & Skills : Basic knowledge of PCB design. Experience with OrCAD / CADENCE design tools (Latest versions) Basic knowledge of the design for test (DFT) and manufacturing (DFM) Ability to perform routine PCB design work requiring application of standard engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria in carrying out tasks. Able to make preliminary selections or adaptations of engineering alternatives. Knowledge on IPC standards Knowledge in Project Management tools Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills DFM Tool Design DFT cadence PCB designer Hardware designer Orcad Project Management Tools CAD Models Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electronics/Telecommunication, Diploma Company Profile: Linkwell Telesystems Pvt. Ltd Linkwell Telesystems Pvt Ltd offers Voice & Data products for Telecom, Energy, Banking, M2M, SCADA and Logistic domains. Product Profile offered includes Transaction Terminals, Energy Meters, Vehicle Tracking Systems, 3G/2G Products & Wireless Modems along with Software Applications. Apart from above, we also provide complete one-stop ODM/OEM & Customized Services. Linkwell is an unique organization that has its own comprehensive in-house test facilities for product testing. The facilities includes such as EMI/EMC TEST FACILITY Accredited by NABL, environmental, reliability and Safety compliance setups. ALL OUR PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS ARE OFFERED UNDER THE BRAND NAME - VISIONTEK Ã‚Â® Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details