TITLE: Senior Frontend / UI Developer - Javascript/product Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills required - Ã‚Â· Â Javascript (3+ years) Ã‚Â· Â Web development (3+ years) Ã‚Â· Â HTML5 / CSS3/Bootstrap (3+ years) Ã‚Â· Â node.js (2+ years) Ã‚Â· Â expressjs (1+ years) Ã‚Â· Â Strong knowledge and should have used node_modules like async.js (1+ years) Ã‚Â· Â mongodb (2+ years) Ã‚Â· Â RestFul API (1+ years) Ã‚Â· Â Build tools like Grunt/Gulp. Ã‚Â· Â CSS Preprocessors like SASS, LESS etc. Ã‚Â· Â Debugging tools like Chrome Dev Tools, Firebug etc. Ã‚Â· Â Typescript experience a big + Ã‚Â· Â Knowledge in ES2015 / 2016 specifications Ã‚Â· Â GitHub/Git experience (Should have used in the recent project) Ã‚Â· Â SOA architecture experience is a + Ã‚Â· Â Hands-on experience on NodeJS/Javascript design patterns is a + Ã‚Â· Â MEAN stack experience is a big + Ã‚Â· Â Any plugin or open source development is a big + Ã‚Â· Â BabelJS experience is a big + Ã‚Â· Â Any product based experience is a big + Â Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript CSS HTML UI Development Node.Js Mean Stack MongoDB Github Front End backbone.js product development Typescript RestFul API unit testing bootstrap html5 css3 reactjs gulp gruntjs web development Desired Candidate Profile Responsibilities - Ã‚Â· Â Work passionately, independently and in a results oriented work place. Timesheet is out of question. Ã‚Â· Â Write and maintain JavaScript code for both the front-end and Node.js. Ã‚Â· Â Be accountable for code quality and writing tests (unit and integration). Ã‚Â· Â Be expected to help lead architectural discussions and decisions. Ã‚Â· Â Help and advise in the selection of the most appropriate frameworks to use with the application. Ã‚Â· Â Perform code reviews and participate in suggesting and supporting coding best practices. Ã‚Â· Â Balanced, smart and positive attitude towards company goals, clients and technologies Ã‚Â· Â Out of the box idea head with excellent communication skills. Ã‚Â· Â 'Why not try this' attitude is awesomely expected. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization Company Profile: Berelabs Llp Berelabs Llp A startup emerging from the Silicon valley of the world - San Francisco, California, and founders with the vision of products from their diversified experience in telecom, automation and product development, forms the roots of our company. We are not looking to disrupt the world with our work. We are here to build smarter, simple and efficient solutions that fits to most of the problems. Imagine a key that opens almost all the doors. That said, we are here to attack the solution, not the problem - a Swiss Knife Strategy. We are building a platform / product / services that will change the way our users, clients look at the problem solution approach. So, if you're looking to work in a rapid pacing workplace, answer your own phone, be your own manager and change the way that traditionally work, tell your friends and family that you're a high-flying risk taker that just joined a startup, email us @ iaminterested@berelabs.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details