TITLE: Proposal Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Proposal Writer Location: Hyderabad Experience: 2-6 Years Skills: Proposal Writing and experience in RFP/RFQ/RFI management. Position: Should have worked on proposals and solution building. Require strong writing and requirement analysis skills. Understanding of End to End bidding life cycle. Exposure to Business Development and Combination of presales, solutioning and technical writing is required. Strong communication skills (Oral & Written). RFI / RFP response preparation, research and Oral Presentation skills required. please respond to vijaya@iconma.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills RFI Presales RFP Proposal Writing RFQ Business Development Solutioning Bidding Proposals Requirement Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: ICONMA, LLC Proposal Writer ICONMA is a global information consulting management firm providing Professional Staffing Services and Project-Based Solutions for organizations in a broad range of industries. Corporate Headquarters in Troy, Michigan; 20+ locations worldwide. Certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise (WBE); certified by Women's Business Enterprise National Council, National Women Business Owners Corporation (NWBOC); and California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). Founded in 2000 2000+ Employees The company was founded on the principle that success is derived from delivering high quality service and resources in the most responsive, flexible, and innovative way. ICONMA invests in people and resources with a single goal: To provide our customers with the highest quality service in the most responsive manner. Through its network of offices, ICONMA provides the resources to help clients maintain their competitive advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details