TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Raam Group is a 500 Cr organization with interests in auto-retail, real estate, construction, and consumer retail. We are proud channel partners for Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, Tata, Honda, Hero, Titan, Prestige, Woodland, and more. Further expansion is planned by getting into sectors like pharma and technology. The BA/MT will handle a wide range of administrative and associated executive tasks. The BA / MT will involve day-in day-out in a combination of assignments involving decision-making, crisis resolution and problem solving. To handle such pressure he/she is expected to be a resourceful team-player, while remaining flexible and proactive. He/she should possess strong written and verbal communication skills, organizational skills, and the ability to manage and balance multiple priorities. Raam Group offers an environment wherein every day is different with new challenges to cross. Youll be given real responsibility and be expected to own it. We will empower you to explore and thrive. Our promote-from-within culture enables you to have many unique careers all within the group companies. You just need to take the leap. We expect you to understand the vision to make it big and take the group to the next level. You need to live the dream! Roles & Responsibilities A very challenging leadership role shadowing MD/CEO/GMs. Wide range of administrative tasks for the CEO/MD including an extremely active calendar of appointments; anticipating the CEO/MDs needs and proactively bringing together appropriate people and resources to address the concerns. Research, prioritize, and follow up on issues and concerns including those of a sensitive or confidential nature. Determine appropriate course of action and response. Act as bridge for smooth communication between the MD/CEO and GMs Demonstrate leadership to maintain credibility, trust and support with senior management and staff. Special assignments with established objectives and deliverables to be solved within a timeframe. Represent the CEO/MD while in absentia and coordinates the agenda with senior management. Prioritize conflicting needs and proactively follow the assignments to successful completion often with deadline pressures. Communication with respective teams/management with high degree of professionalism, accuracy and confidentiality. Working in a startup like atmosphere with high levels of intellectual rigor. Looking for Candidate who sees challenges as opportunity with Positive attitude and loads of patience who is Logical and Analytical approach who believes in Intelligence + Hard work with resilience to withstand pressure and deliver with Flexibility in terms of hours of work Qualification Fresher/Experienced from premier schools/universities in India. Candidates from top-50 Undergrad Colleges in India can apply. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Business Analysis Problem Solving corporate management operations management trainee finance marketing fund management operations planning operations strategy corporate strategy Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Raam Group Raam Group is a 500 Cr organization with interests in auto-retail, real estate, construction, and consumer retail. We are proud channel partners for Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, Tata, Honda, Hero, Titan, Prestige, Woodland, and more. Further expansion is planned by getting into sectors like pharma and technology. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details