TITLE: Technical Writer || 2-5 yrs - CA Technologies Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description This position is responsible for researching, authoring, curating, updating, and testing technical content for one or more products within a team setting. Content must be audience appropriate and comply with standards. Key Responsibilities Content Creation and Management Partner with stakeholders, customers, and Agile teams to research, create, test, curate, and deliver accurate, clear, and concise technical content for one or more products according to team and project milestones as part of multiple Agile teams. Participate in peer reviews for own and other's work. Learn how customers use content through customer interaction and data analysis, and then use that information to improve the customer experience. Understand and execute on the content roadmaps for products. Advocate for content the customer can find and use easily, including championing department initiatives to provide quality content (such as lean content). Review the user interface (UI), partner with UX designers to suggest ways to make the UI intuitive, and provide content that can be embedded in the UI. Monitor and respond to customers using a variety of mechanisms to address customer feedback and ensure that content meets their needs. Leadership Develop and implement efficient ways to manage the work to meet deadlines. Responsible for own growth and development by keeping knowledge of department and industry current, understanding products, customers, and competitors, meeting training deadlines, and setting challenging goals for growth. Communicate, collaborate, coach/mentor, and innovate with others in alignment with core values. Establish relationships with multiple departments (such as Education, Marketing, Product Management) and collaborate with them to produce content relevant to the business and the customer's needs. Lead DocOps initiatives across multiple Agile teams. Enable Agility Actively participate in all aspects of Agile development, including ceremonies, planning, and end of sprint demos. Participate in setting, meeting, and reviewing team commitments. Identify problems, suggest improvements, and formulate solutions by using basic understanding of assigned products, customers, competitors, standards, tools, and processes. Typical Role Definition Professional Staff. An intermediate level professional role. Some evaluation, originality or ingenuity required to perform tasks. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a particular field. Job-Specific Authority and Scope Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation: o Determines own workload as part of Agile Scrum team. o Decides priority of work assignments. o Incorporates review comments from multiple sources. Typically has no direct reports. Preferred Education Bachelor's degree or global equivalent in a related field. Work Experience Typically 2 or more years in an industry related role. Will typically have worked in technical support, system administration, or product development type roles with exposure to marketing. Skills & Competencies Author, edit, test, and deliver content. Author audience-appropriate content. Revise existing content to improve usability. Perform independent research to understand a product. Communicate clearly and effectively with peers and colleagues. Set priorities and escalate issues appropriately. Demonstrate proficiency with tools including Microsoft Office, Confluence, Author-it, Acrolinx, and Adobe products and technology including operating systems, programming concepts, and source control. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Writer xml Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: CA (India) Technologies Private Limited CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) helps customers succeed in a future where every business- from apparel to energy- is being rewritten by software. With CA software at the center of their IT strategy, organizations can leverage the technology that changes the way we live- from the data center to the mobile device. Our business management software and solutions help our customers thrive in the new application economy by delivering the means to deploy, monitor and secure their applications and infrastructure. Our goal is to help organizations develop applications and experiences that excite and engage and, in turn, open up money-making opportunities for their businesses. For additional information, visit CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies on Twitter at www.twitter.com/cainc or www.twitter.com/ca_careers. Interested candidates can send us their updated resume to pavani.penti@ca.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details