TITLE: Senior Engineer Sales - Hyderabad & Vijayawada

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience & Functional Competencies: The candidate should have knowledge and skills on the following parameters: Customer / Market Knowledge Has thorough database on contractors and projects in area of operation Competitive Selling Exposure to selling in highly competitive product - market segment. Communication and Negotiation Skills Persuasively sells products, services and solutions. Team Work Builds cohesive and effective network with peers in sales team. Customer Focus Takes decision balancing organization goals and customer expectations. Exposure to ERP environment / CRM sales module Job Responsibilities: Selected candidate will be expected to: Create leads through effective market coverage and planned sales cold calls. Work on all leads / universal prospects, make product presentations, hold product demonstrations to enable convert leads to orders. Understand customer needs and requirements, and submit techno- commercial offers. Negotiate with customers techno-commercially for orders. Work with service team to ensure that customer experiences high level of service, thereby enhancing relationship. Provide feedback on market developments, competition, new products and trends. Meet / exceed the sales targets for the area. Provide monthly sales & visit plans and operating reports. Collect receivables & liabilities timely. Initiate market development activities Salary: Best in industry Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills CRM Sales Market Development Cold Calling Selling Negotiation Skills Customer Focus Batching Plants Concrete Pumps Sales Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Candidates having prior experience in Batching Plants & Concrete Pumps Sales will be preferred Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ajax Fiori Engineering pvt ltd AJAX-FIORI is the personification of concreting equipment and solutions that Makes Concrete Sense. Ajax-Fiori was established in 1992 as a joint venture company with Fiori S.p.A Italy, for manufacturing Self-Loading Mobile Concrete Mixer. It promises to deliver concreting solutions through its equipment those batches, mixes, transports and places concrete Wherever the need is, Whenever the need arises for Whatever the nature of need is. In 1998, Ajax-Fiori started manufacturing Concrete Batching Plants - Radius Lift Arm type and Bin type. In 2004, it entered into technology tie-up with Eurostar Concrete Technology S.p.A Italy for manufacture of Planetary Mixers. In 2010, it started manufacturing the Drag line type Batching Plant with Planetary Mixers. In 2013, it entered into a technology tie-up with Junjin Heavy Industries, South Korea for manufacture of Concrete Pumps & Placer Booms. The ranges of products offered by Ajax-Fiori are Self -Loading Concrete Mixers, Concrete Batching Plants, Site Dumpers, Tunnel Dumpers and Concrete Pumps, being used across varied application sectors, viz., Irrigation, Infrastructure, Urban Development, Power Housing, Industrial Projects, to name a few. Ajax-Fiori is head quartered at Bangalore, having offices at Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkatta, Hyderabad, Indore, Trichy and a network of resident sales and service engineers at major locations all over India. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at Doddaballapur, Karnataka spread across two units. The new Parts Logistics Centre is operated from Peenya, Bangalore and spares outlet are located in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Trichy, Indore & Raipur. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details