TITLE: Technical Leader/technical Lead/project Leader

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The BI/DW Technical Lead is responsible for understanding BI/DW business requirements, creating technical specifications and coordinating the development and testing tasks with onsite and his/her offshore teams. The project lead will serve as a liaison between On Site Business Analysts ,architects and coordinate with his teams to complete BI/DW projects deliverables. Desired Profile Knowledge/Qualifications/ Competency: 1. At least 6+ years of experience in the Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence field, with technical mastery in data warehousing concepts, dimensional modeling, analytics, reporting, and information driven technologies, techniques and tools. 2. MUST have experience in developing and owning solutions in large scale, complex enterprise BI/DW environments . Must have hands-on experience in : A) ETL using Informatica B) Database Services using TERADATA- BTEQ, include SQL Performance Tuning. 3. Must have worked with at least 5/6 end-to-end BI / DW product development life cycle (design, coding, testing, UAT, Rollout) in on-shore / off-shore type engagement. Preferable on agile projects. 4. Experience in client management derived from good communication skills and ability to manage expectations 5. Project/Program management skills. Strong familiarity with project management software, such as MS Project. 6. Ability to work responsibly and independently under minimal supervision. 7. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills; Strong communication skills, both written and oral. 8. Ability to provide a leadership / guidance to the team and leads at offshore. 9. Experience of managing technical resources of minimum team of 10-15 members 10.Create technical specifications in accordance with business requirements documentation 11.Coordinate the testing tasks with In-house Quality Analysts and onsite Business Analysts 12.Conduct quality reviews on offshore development deliverables 13.Provide hands-on technical expertise in Informatica,TERDATA & UNIX changes. Willing to do the development work when required. Desirable Skills Worked as DW/BI Manager/ Technical Lead education: Graduated,B.Tech/B.E/Others. - Any Specialization Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Bteq Unix Project Management SQL Teradata Informatica Data Warehousing Program Management Project Leading ETL technical lead lead etl developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Tetrasoft India Private Limited Tetrasoft India PVT LTD is a CMMI LEVEL 3, At Tetrasoft, we always lay our focus on meeting our clients requirements in Information Technology. We help them envision and shape their growth around the key drivers of technology, productivity and cost-effectiveness. We are an end-to-end IT Solutions Company offering a wide range of services across various domains like Healthcare, Banking & Finance and Supply Chain Management. Over the years, we have developed a unique model for addressing customers' requirements by building competencies vertically and horizontally. Our vast repertoire of competence begins with strategic consulting, factoring in the client's current as well as future competitive scenario. Following strategy consulting, we move directly to tailor IT solutions and services that meet not only today's but tomorrow's needs as well. Our skill sets span key verticals as our consultants have mastered a number of both IT services and solutions. Enviable lists of loyal clients, who have regularly sought our services, are living proof of the Tetrasoft edge. It is their testimonials and our growing list of competencies that is helping to enlarge our list of clients every day. For more information: http://www.tetrasoft.us/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details