TITLE: Excellent Job Opportunity for Service Support(international Voice)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings!!! This is regarding immediate job opening with one of our reputed MNC Client for " Service Support (International Voice)"(Contract) Position @ Hyderabad Location. Kindly go through the below Job Description & revert with your updated profile ASAP. Position : Service Support (International Voice) Experience :6months-3 years Mode of Employment : Contract Notice : Immediate to 15days Job Location : Hyderabad Pick and drop facility is available Flexible to work in rotational shifts and will provide shift allowance ! Job description: Applies basic diagnostic techniques to identify problems,investigate causes and recommend solutions to correct common failures. Escalates complex problems to the Remote Support Engineering staff or Field Engineering. Typically provides technical support for internal and external customers. Escalates complex problems to higher level of expertise within organization. Responsible for providing the first-line of after-sales telephone technical support of hardware, systems, sub-systems and/or applications for customers and/or employees Mandatory details: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Interested for Contract: Reason for Change: Availability for F2F Interview: Please reach me if you have any queries Awaiting for your positive feedback.. Note: Incase if this opening is not suitable/interested for you than please refer your friends/colleagues for the same ASAP. Regards, Murali murali.p@janyatech.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Technical Support Remote Support International Voice international bpo international call center voice process customer care international voice & accent US accent Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JANYA IT TECHNOLOGIES PVT. LTD. Janya IT Technologies Janya IT Technologies emerging technologies and innovators to create the best IT and business solutions for our clients. We offer your organisation the accomplishments and expertise we have built over a decade. We at Janya IT Technologies believe growth never stops! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details