TITLE: Teachers Required

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ivy League Academy is a premier, co-educational residential school established in 1988 situated on a 40-acre campus, 22 km from Hyderabad. Affiliated to the CBSE, it has classes from I to XII, with students drawn from all over India and abroad requires the following teachers: English, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Economics, Geography, History, Computers, French, Hindi , Telugu, Trained Primary Teacher, Physical Education, Warden, Librarian, Indian Classical Music, Dance, Visual Arts & Theatre. Candidate can be of either sex in the age group of 30-35 years. Should have studied in an English medium school and should be a Post Graduate from a reputed university. Should have 10-15 years of experience in a good school with a keen interest in encouraging and inspiring student to excel in academics. Apart from an excellent salary package, the candidate would be provided with free furnished accommodation, free boarding, free education for one child & other perks. Salary: Based upon the experience Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Special Education Teacher Keyskills Teaching Chemistry Physics Cbse Geography Physical Education Mathematics History Librarian Activities Desired Candidate Profile Candidate can be of either sex in the age group of 30-35 years. Should have studied in an English medium school and should be a Post Graduate from a reputed university. Should have 10-15 years of experience in a good school with a keen interest in encouraging and inspiring student to excel in academics. Apart from an excellent salary package, the candidate would be provided with free furnished accommodation, free boarding, free education for one child & other perks. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: IVY LEAGUE SCHOOLS PRIVATE LIMITED. Ivy League Academy is a premier, co-educational residential school established in 1988 situated on a 40-acre campus, 22 km from Hyderabad. Affiliated to the CBSE, it has classes from I to XII, with students drawn from all over India and abroad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details