TITLE: ETL Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opportunity with one of our clients: Possess minimum 5+ years of ETL development experience. Good development Experience in ODI 12x, Oracle 10.g,11.g,12c, AIX Shell Scripting. Should have experience and in depth knowledge on ODI Jobs monitoring, bugs fixing, data issues. Sound knowledge of telecom domain and data warehouse concept. Exposure in the following areas is a definite advantage: data warehousing, data modeling, SQL , PL/SQL. Self-motivated, a fast learner and be able to work independently. Knowledge of Oracle Golden Gate will be added advantage. Willing to work at onsite customer location. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ETL Developer ODI AIX Shell Scripting Telecom telco DWH Datawarehouse data warehousing Data modeling SQL Oracle Golden gate Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lera Technologies Pvt.Ltd. Lera Technologies is a leading Data Analytics company providing value propositions to our clients across Retail, Banking, Finance, Insurance & Hospitality domains, helping improve businesses. Since inception in 2003, Lera transformed into an integrated portfolio of services and solutions with extensive R&D and provided the needed leverage for many business houses and helped achieve their objectives. Our extensive exposure to diverse domains and ability to deliver cutting edge data solution, have been our key strengths in serving our clients to their delight. Lera believes in cutting down costs and streamlining the current core processes resulting in a fundamental change in the way our customers do business while providing latest innovations to their advantage. We aim to keep our clients ahead in the changing markets and attain and retain competitive advantage over their peers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details