TITLE: Solution Architect - Salesforce.com

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Exp: 10 - 16 years Role: Solution Architect (SFDC) Role Description: Support the Solution Architect providing solution design and solution approval process. When required, provide costing, response development and operations support. Must Have Skills: Salesforce.com Job Description: The candidates should have previous experience in solutioning SFDC deals, and industry experience in a particular domain (FS/LS/CMT/PRD). - Atleast 3+ yrs of exp. in SFDC - Industry domain knowledge in CMT/FS areas - Has been solutioning big SFDC deals - Technology stacks: SFDC - Industry - Any Must Have: 1 Solution Architect role: a. Proven experience in solutioning SFDC deals, should have solutioned deals of all complexities b. Solid Industry Domain Knowledge in at least one vertical c. Should be comfortable with estimation, and be hands on to be able to revalidate solutions if required. 2. Client Management a. Strong Communication skills and ability to confidently communicate a point of view b. Strong understanding of key client stakeholders/organization and the Power Map Equations c. Ability to quickly get plugged into the Account team and gain understanding of Account Plan and key client and internal stakeholders d. Ability to listen to a client and arrive at a Problem Definition/Business Case e. Proven experience in deal process - presales, solution and contract process f. Escalation Management g. Front ending and qualifying new opportunities. Be on the constant lookout for Up Selling/Cross Selling other offerings h. Well versed with the industry dynamics and knowledgeable about emerging trends 3. Personality: a. Good Communication and Problem Solving skills b. Collaborative approach, both within the firm and with the client organizations c. Constantly keep developing the network within the firm and client site d. Ability to objectively navigate through the various stakeholder equations and deliver results Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills SFDC Salesforce.com Solution Design Solutioning Business Case Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Indihire Consultant Client of Indihire Consultant Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details