TITLE: Job Opportunity with Sourcebits for Agile_bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Sourcebits Technologies!! PFB the details of the opening for Agile with Sourcebits Technologies in Bangalore. JD: Roles & Responsibilities Facilitator: Facilitate the team with the knowledge so that team can start the project. Trainer: Provide training to the team on the agile process; training will continue all the time during the project execution and continuous improvement on velocity, quality, processes etc. Make the winning strategy according as per the ground conditions Help in preparing the overall planning of the project that means he will provide various ideas, suggestions, and strategies. Make sure that team is following agile processes in each sprint at user story level as per the Definition of Done (DoD). Help team to answer all the questions on the agile process during the project execution; that means agile coach need to be on the ground so that he can answer the questions immediately. Identify project risks and raise them proactively Mentor: Focusing on people and Continuous Improvement all the time; provide team a platform for improvement not only during the retro but all the time. Create a safe environment for healthy conflict and meaningful collaboration. Identify process issues and improve them Help product owner to write user stories Help team on the estimating of the user stories and prepare them for the same Provide capacity calculator template for the team. Provide capacity calculator template for the team Provide the common tasking codes for the team for better tracking on technical front Help scrum master to plan meetings like preplanning, planning, daily scrum, Review & Retrospective - Able to work independently and are a self-starter - Good interpersonal and communication skill. - Must be an immediate joinee. If interested, revert back with your updated resume to joyce.vennila@sourcebits.com. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainer/Faculty Keyskills Planning Agile Process Scrum Master Process Training Continuous Improvement Interpersonal Communication Safe Agilist CSP CSM CSPO agile trainer scrum coach scrum trainer scrum corporate trainer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sourcebits Technologies (P) Ltd Since 2006, Sourcebits has been creating amazing apps for some of the worlds most innovative brands. Our 150+ team members include industry experts in UI/UX design, mobile app and web development, cloud computing and marketing strategy. An Apple Design Award Winner heads our Innovation team. Our work has been called achingly beautiful by one of the worlds largest tech publications, and millions of people have downloaded and loved the apps weve created. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details