TITLE: QA Analyst 2- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will design, install and evaluate quality control methods and systems. Design continuing maintenance of product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance and methods. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. A of 1 year of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills required: Minimum 2 years of Testing experience with BE, BTech having minimum 60% aggregate score. Good in test case authoring and Manual testing Should be familiar with different kinds of testing and test coverage techniques Good in Automation tools like Selenium / OATS (Openscript ) Knowledge in Core JAVA programming & Automation framework will be plus Knowledge in CRM domain will be plus Should be familiar with QA processes such as Testing Life cycle, bug process etc Good Communication skills Good Analytical skills Responsibilities of the position: Test Case authoring and Manual testing Develop & maintain test scripts in OATS ( OpenScript) Troubleshooting the test scripts in case of any issues Able to analyze the test results for functional or other failures Reporting bugs and coordinating with Dev. teams and Functional QA teams Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details