TITLE: Senior Software Development Engineer in Test (sdet)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Catchpoint is building a team to design, develop, document, implement, and execute manual/automated tests for Catchpoint products. This will include closely working with the product owner/development teams as part of an agile development process in testing user stories and defects. Focus will also be on writing/debugging test cases in C# .net and Selenium for testing the software products. Debugging and failure analysis skills are a must for the position.Â The position also requires running both manual and automated tests on designated hardware against the QA builds and reviewing their result. In addition, the candidate should exhibit self-sufficiency, high levels of motivation, and the ability to efficiently and quickly grasp new and complex topics. Responsibilities: Senior member on team of test engineers to oversee automated testing of software products. Participate in planning meetings and assist with test effort estimation Help with the design and implementation of functional test plans and test cases based on system understanding and analysis of User Stories Closely work with the development teams as part of an agile development process in testing user stories and defects Writing/debugging test cases in C# .NET and Selenium for testing the software products Maintain and improve product quality by following best practices and implementing a sound testing framework and process Clearly & effectively communicate with the product development team to share and clarify issues. As needed, communicate with product and support teams to help identify and resolve product defects. Help with expanding the current test cases to ensure complete test coverage Skills: Candidate must have experience in test planning, test case documentation and test effort estimations. Hands-on software testing and quality assurance activities including functional, regression, smoke, system testing and load testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Hands-on experience in testing commercial web-based applications Knowledge of industry best practices in software development and Quality Assurance policies and practices. Proven ability with Java, C++, or C# (C# preferred) and Selenium Familiarity with SQL, Programming & API Testing Working knowledge of software IDEs and debugging tools (i.e., Visual Studio/.NET etc.) Candidate must have strong experience with Windows operating system platforms Experience in SDLC and agile development Ability to work effectively in fast paced multi-team test development Excellent cross-platform analysis and troubleshooting ability Demonstrated adaptability to rapidly adjust to changing tasks Excellent written & verbal communication, and analytical skills. Experience working in remote/virtual teams Ability to work in a dynamic start up environment with minimal supervision Education/Experience: Candidate must have a B.E./B.Tech or M.E./M.Tech/MSCS or MCA undergraduate or graduate work in engineering and computer science or equivalent. Minimum of 8-12 Years of experience required, preferably in testing and software development. OVERVIEW: Catchpoint Systems is a digital performance analytics company that provides unparalleled insight into customer-critical services to help our clients consistently deliver an amazing customer experience. Catchpoint offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems before they impact end users. More than 350 customers in over 30 countries, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, and Priceline, trust Catchpoint solutions to strengthen their brands and grow their businesses. Salary:INR 20,00,000 - 32,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills QA Visual Studio .Net Java SQL C#.Net C++ Quality Assurance Quality Engineering C# Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: Catchpoint Systems Catchpoint Systems is a digital performance analytics company that provides unparalleled insight into customer-critical services to help our clients consistently deliver an amazing customer experience. Catchpoint offers wide-ranging and easy-to-use tools that allow businesses to discover and fix problems before they impact end users. More than 350 customers in over 30 countries, including major brands such as Comcast, LinkedIn, Overstock, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, and Priceline, trust Catchpoint solutions to strengthen their brands and grow their businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details