TITLE: Senior Backend Developer - Php/yii

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The Sr. Backend Developer will join the product development team and will be responsible for the development, deployment and maintenance of features/modules/enhancements. Technical Expertise - PHP - Yii2 - MySQL - REST,JSON - OOP - Redis, TeamCity CI, - Linux, OS - Github Tasks and Responsibilities Develop code as part of an agile team to deliver new features/enhancements. Develop code for the backend modules that are scalable and maintainable. Design and develop REST APIs. Communicate with QA team to create high quality, testable code. Create and maintain unit and integration tests. Design and own database schemas for upcoming features. Integrate third party web services for additional features and enhancements. Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions. Work directly with stakeholders and managers to conceptualise, build, test and deploy features. Be responsible for the non functional requirements of the backend modules. Explain technologies and solutions to technical and nontechnical stakeholders. Expectations - Good leadership skills. - Ability to multi task and excellent time management skills. Ability to work on their own and as a part of the team. Excellent scoping and estimation skills. Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) to liaise with various departments locally and internationally. - Good understanding of design patterns & architectural principles. - Excellent debugging and memory optimisation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MySQL Rest JSON PHP OOP Web Services Design Patterns CI Web Technologies debugging Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: JobServer Consultancy Services Leading client of JobServer Consultancy Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details