TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Position Reporting to the Tech Lead, the Senior Software Engineer actively participates in the creation/maintenance of the company's websites/applications. The role includes hands-on development, testing and maintenance/support as detailed below. Key responsibilities 1. Application design Based on discussions with Seniors, Team Leader, Development Manager, Architect and end user representatives, design applications according to end user needs Key to this is a thorough understanding of those requirements from a business perspective and designing clear, easy-to-use applications from the operator/end user perspective. 2. Application development Development will use technologies such as ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, WPF, WCF, WF, Silverlight etc. This could involve creating completely new applications or building upon the functionality of our existing website applications. Developers are expected to work individually and also as part of a team. 3. Product testing Ensure compliance of final product with end-user specifications through regular reviews with designated end-user groups where applicable. Product testing according to benchmarks identified in the development plan. This could include testing functionality of your own and colleagues code for performance and effecting changes to code as required 4. Maintenance/support Monitor, analyse and act on post-deployment bugs. Review of user feedback and proposing/implementing action plans for development. Provide any required support to subscription clients with website access issues. 5. General Mentoring, performing code reviews, promoting the teams coding standards and best practices. Taking ownership of projects and task ensuring their successful completion to project deadlines.Â Follow the use of department-wide programming conventions, website interfaces, procedures and best practices. Ensure the writing of concise documentation detailing workflows and structures of sites. Actively contribute to the development of Euromonitors IT solutions to improve functionality, user-friendliness and presentation of our products. Respond to the introduction of software advances/upgrades. Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net WCF WPF C# Silverlight WF SQL Server Software Engineering Application Development Development Management Javascript jquery entity framework Desired Candidate Profile 1. IT/software skills:The following experience / skills are highly desirable:4-6 years of development experience using the .NET technology stack predominantly using ASP.NET with good amount of exposure/hands-on to ASP.NET MVC in recent project(s)Strong C# language skills, ASP.NET 3.5/4, ASP.NET MVC, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, XML, Unit Testing (NUnit/MSTest or equivalent), Entity Framework.OOP programming (theoretical and practical experience of OO design principles and Design patterns)Familiarity with Subversion, Visual Studio programming environments and Team Foundation serverUnderstanding of IIS configuration and webserver performance monitoring a plusPractical knowledge of n-tier architecture and its benefits.Â Knowledge/Experience of the following is advantageous:WCF, WF, WPF, RSS, CSS, Telerik ASP.NET-AJAX controls and Silverlight.Agile methodologies (Scrum), Test Driven Development (TDD), Behaviour Driven Design (BDD), Domain Driven Design (DDD)Web Accessibility Initiative guidelinesSearch engine optimisationPerformance tuning and troubleshooting IIS and ASP.Net applications in productionTSQL statements, stored procedures and functions in SQL Server 2008Knowledge of relational database designECommerce web application with a shopping cart process.2. Other skills:Ability to work under pressure and to meet tight deadlines.Willingness or attitude to work on any technologies or any EMI Products.Excellent oral and written communication skills.Good administrative and organisational skills.Self-motivation and drive to take on personal responsibility.Attention to detail. Company Profile: EUROMONITOR RESEARCH AND CONSULTING (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED Established in 1972, Euromonitor International is the world leader in strategic business research and analysis. In addition to our Head office in London, we have offices in 11 other countries with over 1,000 staff, and a further 800 contributing analysts in over 80 countries around the world. As an independent company and recognised innovator, consistently out-performing our peers, we were the UK Private Company of the Year 2013 and in 2014 won the Queen's Award for Enterprise. Our products now include our award-winning Passport database, consumer and industrial market reports, detailed city surveys, future trends and consumer surveys. We also have a flourishing Consulting division. Our reports, analysis and forecasts are considered essential reading by business leaders for their cutting-edge content, design and usability. Euromonitor's clients include the world's major multinationals, banks, consultancies, libraries and business schools. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details