TITLE: Senior Software Engineer, Sitecore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The person will be responsible for: 1. Requirement analysis, design, development, testing of new web applications on Sitecore and ASP . net as required by the business unit. 2. Provide support for the web applications and changes as required. 3. Driving economic benefits through process re-engineering, efficiency enhancement and cost reduction projects. KRAs: 1. Design of new web applications on ASP . net and Sitecore platform within the specified timelines. 2. Making enhancements to existing applications using Sitecore, ASP . net, C#, SQL, with an aim to increase process efficiency. 3. Working through the entire software development lifecycle. 4. Liaisoning with various client/ vendor representatives and other stakeholders on a daily basis to understand development needs. 5. Apply best practices in software development Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills software development configuration microsoft cms iis debugging upgrade computer science dms enhancement Desired Candidate Profile Required qualifications: 1. B. Tech/ B. E. preferably in Computer Science/ IT having 4-5 years of work experience. 2. Deep experience with Sitecore CMS (Sitecore 7 and 8) and the Sitecore DMS 3. Understanding of Sitecore xDB framework available in Sitecore 8 4. Sitecore implementation and upgrade experience. 5. Deep experience with the . NET framework 6. Experience developing web applications using the Microsoft stack (MS SQL Server, IIS, . NET framework, ASP. NET, ADO. NET, C# or VB. NET) 7. Experience in object-oriented programming 8. Strong oral and written communication skills 9. Web agency experience 10. Ability to apply creative thinking to technology issues 11. Debugging and error handling 12. Session management 13. Caching configuration 14. Web farm environment 15. IIS understanding 16. Client communication Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource is a leader in providing services and technology for the mortgage and real estate industries. With innovation as a guiding principle and a focus on compliance and exceptional service, we provide end-to-end solutions in origination and servicing, and offer online real estate platforms for consumers and investors. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details