TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "As a DevOps Engineer, you will be: Building production environments and maintaining the existing infrastructure that powers Reverie's Language-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform. Rolling deployments on our QA, dev & production environments on a daily basis. Architecting complete software stacks/clusters and ensuring that the Cloud resources remain free from bottlenecks, avoidable latencies and unnecessary network hops. Troubleshooting and fixing issues across the stack: o An API from a micro service fails to load in Chrome- Adding a CORS header to the response fixes the problem. o The v2 of our LaaS API which is to be released next week causes nginx to SIGSEGV and die on occasions- turns out an if() statement was put under location context in nginx config., removing it solves the problem. You should: Know your way around Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure. Have a thorough knowledge of Linux & networking. Have previous experience with configuration management and server orchestration frameworks like Salt, Ansible or Chef. Write Lua, Ruby, Python, Bash, YAML as and when needed. Have previously used monitoring tools like mmonit, Pingdom, New Relic, Nagios, CollectD Write a script to automate the process rather than writing a how-to document with detailed steps in it." Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Linux Ruby Bash Monitoring Tools Configuration Management Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Reverie Language Technologies Reverie's LaaS cloud platform helps businesses go multilingual by provides APIs and SDKs for the localisation of text-based apps and websites Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details