TITLE: Opportunity with Product Based Company for Analog Mixed Signal Design

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Hi, Trust you are doing good. This is Mr. Sandeep from Target HR - Bangalore. It gives me pleasure to share an career opportunity for you with our esteemed Product based company for Analog Mixed signal design resources in Bangalore Location - Permanent. Regarding the same I would request you to share me your Updated CV at the earliest for further process if the below JD matches to your profile. PFB JD for your kind perusal. Requirement - Analog Mixed signal design resources Openings - 2 Experience -Â 6-15Yrs Work Location Bangalore Mode of hiring - Full time Opened for Experience and CTC 1.Â Â Â Analog Mixed signal design. Job Description: This job involves development of new technology platforms and high volume products including all phases of ASIC development: Requirements and design specification System design Analog and mixed mode circuit design focusing on low voltage, low power and low noise Design evaluation of different modules like LDOs, Charge pump, Sigma-delta modulator. Experience, Skills Required CMOS circuit design and technology (0.18um & 0.13um) Switched capacitor circuits Charge pumps and voltage multipliers Capacitive amplifiers Current sources Bandgap voltage references, voltage regulators (LDO), relaxation/feedback oscillators High performance feedback amplifiers, capacitance sensing interfaces, On-chip temperature sensors High resolution Sigma-Delta modulators A/DÂ D/A converters Experience with digital signal processing will be a plus. Strong knowledge of analog design using Cadence tools, low noise, low voltage amplifier design, switched and cap filter design Experience in IC bench evaluation and validation Understanding of pop and click, ultra-low power design techniques Good interpersonal skills for cross functional work Education/Experience Desired Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â 6-15 yearsÂ of experience designing audio chips for handheld market Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â B.S. or Masters degree in electrical engineering with emphasis on CMOS analog andÂ Â Â Mixed signal design Â Â Kindly share me the below detailsÂ IT Exp: Rel EXP: CCTC: ECTC: Current Company: Notice Period: Pancard Number: Passport Number: Highest Education Qualification and Year of passing: DOB: Current Location: Also I would request you to share few references for the above JD if in case your Friends/Colleagues looking for Job Change so that it would help us in getting a rite candidate for this position. Feel free to call me for any assistance. Â Â Thanks & Regards, Sandeep N Lead Consultant - Talent Acquisition Target Complete Employment Solutions +91 80 40001320Â Â Â +91 9036700527 Â sandeep.n@targethr.us Â www.targethr.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Mixed Signal Design Analog Design Circuit Designing Digital Signal Processing System Design CMOS Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Target Analog Mixed signal design resources Target HR is professional service company in the recruitment space. We have been around since 1986 and have mastered the art of recruitment in many industries and verticals. From 2000, we mainly concentrated on the IT industry and have acquired/service many clients in that space. Along the way in 2007, we started our US operations and followed our clients to the North America Geography. We currently have offices in Dallas, New Jersey and Bangalore (MG Road). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details