TITLE: Senior Visual Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "The ideal candidate will enjoy working in a highly collaborative, fast-paced environment. Applicants must have substantial experience creating or redesigning scalable visual systems for websites, mobile, mobile web and handheld systems like iPad and tab. Responsibilities 1) Work independently with the client (multiple stakeholders) and YUJ Designs User Experience Strategist to diagnose business and users needs 2) Understand trends to evolve visual design strategies that befit customers business goals, branding and UX goals. 3) With exceptional attention to details design a robust visual system that represents highest levels of quality (wow factor), efficiency, consistency, scalability and innovation. 4) Create standards, style guides, specification documents to support visual design system that gets delivered to the customer. 5) Understand design issues concerning cross-platform applications (websites, applications, mobile, mobile web and handheld devices like iPad and tabs). 6) Manage communication at all levels and project deliverables. Experience with Mobile, tablet is a must. Designing for wearable will be a plus. Please share your updated profile and portfolio (top 4-5 project (Mobile and app design))" Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Visualiser Keyskills UX User Experience Visual Design Web Technologies VD UI Design User Interface Design Visual design - mobile appl Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: YUJ Designs YUJ Designs- consulting services has enabled organizations to gain competitive advantage by implementing thought-through user experience (UX) strategies that had direct impact on their product and business success. Our staff trained in various disciplines- human factors engineering, product design and visual communication - provide end-to-end user experience design consulting services. With an average 10+ years of global consulting experience, our consultants provide value worldwide. Be it conducting quantitative or qualitative user research, informing design strategy or executing effective detailed design we make sure to drive the design thinking for our customers. Ideal candidate gets to work in a highly collaborative, fast-paced environment. Applicants must have substantial experience creating or redesigning scalable visual systems for websites, mobile, and handheld systems like iPad and tab. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details