TITLE: Sr. Continuous Improvement Specialist

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Purpose Cargill Business Services (CBS)is a global organization that envisages the accelerated use of shared services.Its purpose is to bring a smarter, more efficient approach to how we provideshared services to Cargill. That way business units and functions can focus onwhat they do best. Five functions are in scope - HR, IT, Finance, Transport& Logistics and Strategic Sourcing & Procurement. These services will be delivered in SixCenters based in Bangalore (India), Sofia (Bulgaria), Nanjing (China), San Jose(Costa Rica), Uberlandia (Brazil) and Rosario (Argentina). Sr. Continuous Improvement Specialist will be responsible toconduct CI activities with high / medium project cost and risk and activitieswith less defined processes across multiple sites/ locations within aBU/ Function. Conducts activities related to the portfolio leadership,governance and control; project execution, value realization and measurement;capability and culture development; business partnership,and stakeholdermanagement; and people, talent and budget management. PrincipalAccountabilities Inconjunction with the CBS CI Lead, Function Leads and Global Teams, build a CI culturewithin the center Facilitate Key Continious Improvement Project which willhelp driving Productivity/ e fficency across CBS Bangalore, Through Lean SixSigma / PMP Approach Provide support and/ or lead enterpriselevel continuous improvement projects in support of the operational excellencevision and strategy. Partner withbusiness units and functions to identify and capture process optimizationopportunities . Leads groups through the continuousimprovement process for projects with the medium cost and risk. Stay abreast of key industry bestpractices related to shared-services operational capabilities, and ensure theyare appropriately assimilated into the improvement initiatives. Consult on the utilization of industry best practices to Center and CBS leadership. Uses comprehensive knowledge andapplication of principles, concepts, industry best practices and standards.Researches and develops continuous improvement tools and methods (e.g. ProcessRe-engineering, Lean/ Six Sigma, Kaizen, Cargill Business Excellence System, andCargill PPM/ Project Delivery Process). Identifiesproblems, and applies structured and disciplined methodology and data toidentify and scope root causes, and execute continuous improvement projectswith medium cost and risk. Uses comprehensive counsel to lead groups toidentify issues, incorporate best practices and identify solutions acrossmultiple sites/ locations within a BU/ Function. RequiredQualifications Bachelors Degree from an accredited college or university in business,finance, engineering, statistics, math, or economics. Minimum 8 years experience in driving Lean Six Sigma / Project Management across IT / ITESorganization Experience leading multifunctional teams Demonstrated success working independently in a remote, global environment Green Belt / Black Belt Certfied Fundamental training in Project Management Excellent communication skills (oral and written) Demonstrated ability to navigate ambiguity and establish process andstructure Good working Skills on MS Office Fluent in English Preferred Qualifications Preferred Experience: Shared service organization Preferred Skill s: Continuous improvement skills, innovation and passion for quality Lean Six Sigma Certified: Green Belt / Black Belt Project Management Certified Experience in ARIES Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Client Relationship Manager Keyskills ites black belt project management btech procurement ms office green belt logistics business excellence development Desired Candidate Profile BE/ BTech Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Company Profile: Cargill India Pvt. Ltd. Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and 150 years of experience. We have 150,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details