TITLE: Virtual Partner Account Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What You'll Do Interested in being challenged and appreciated while embarking in a dynamic career In an environment where colleagues become friends, where managers actively coach and where creativity and ambition are valued You will build direct relationships with customers, will work closely with and leverage the selected channel partners to maximize new sales opportunities and renewals within your territory. You will manage all aspects of sales while using cutting-edge technologies to remotely interface with customers and leveraging new sales models (cloud, services & software) to help customers maximizing their revenue. The Virtual Partner Account Manager (VPAM) is responsible for managing a portfolio of Partners from a planning, enablement and partner development perspective. Simply, you will be helping our Partners grow their business with Cisco. This will require both a proactive approach to developing the overall business as well as being highly reactive and available in responding to partner queries and requests for information. This role is in one of the most exciting and dynamic parts of the company, Virtual Sales. Key Responsibilities: Be the primary day to day point of contact for those partners managed in terms of Planning, Partner enablement and development, and any other sales / non-sales opportunity-specific queries Create awareness and drive revenue growth leveraging Cisco programs and be able to articulate the business benefits (rebates, incentives). Drive, manage and support on Marketing campaigns, both bespoke and related to the Partner Plus program (as relevant). Facilitate the securing of funding for Marketing initiatives with the relevant stakeholders, and act as the internal Cisco coordination point for Marketing AM s within the partner s organisation Training - identify any gaps in partner knowledge base/ qualifications and educate the partners on all available sales and technical training resources within Cisco. Prepare a training plan for each partner aligned to the wider Partner Plan, and be accountable for driving execution against that plan. Facilitate enrolment to any relevant training programs Cisco Certifications/ Specialisations - Identify the optimal strategic path for each partner and offer guidance on the process of achievement. Be proactive in helping the partners renew relevant certs/ specs Drive growth of Cisco business growth as a share of partner s business by driving above listed activities and mindshare with the partner Who You'll Work With The Global Virtual Sales and Customer Success organization is one of Cisco s fastest growing sales teams and is the talent engine for Cisco Sales with diverse and motivated teams that consistently deliver profitable growth. We serve our customer life-cycle through a series of selling motions to drive higher value and an optimal experience from Cisco solutions. We are a dynamic and international team that brings excitement to the sales floor every day. We connect Cisco customers with solutions that can transform their businesses and change the world for the better. We will provide you with a platform for success including: coaching, training and on-the-job learning that will strongly support you in your career advancement. You will discover an innovative, flexible and award-winning working environment leveraging the latest Cisco technology to enable and empower you to perform to the very best of your abilities. Our teams adapt quickly to respond to market changes and we are all highly encouraged to give back to our local communities. Who You Are If you enjoy selling in a changing environment, are achievement-oriented and believe in performance rewards for exceeding annual sales goals though strong collaboration with partners and internal stakeholders, we have a place for you. Required Competencies: Forecasting and Pipeline Management: Applying knowledge of sales trends, market drivers, and key customer issues and opportunities to do strategic account planning; establishing, prioritising, executing, and monitoring a course of action to accomplish broad territory objectives and sales strategies; using knowledge to identify and cultivate future sales opportunities to build a strong pipeline. Building Influential Relationships: Working collaboratively with customers, channel partners, and account team members to meet business goals and objectives; using appropriate communication methods to influence others and establish relationships. Customer Focus: Supporting customers during the sales process; seeking and taking appropriate actions on customer requirements while balancing business needs; resolving difficult issues in a timely and professional manner; taking responsibility for customer satisfaction and loyalty. Negotiation: Effectively exploring interests and options to reach outcomes that gain the agreement and acceptance of all parties by using legitimate data, objective criteria to support ones proposal. CXO Relevancy: Adding value by proactively identifying business opportunities for the customer/ partner, conveying a firm understanding of the customer s/ partners business and political drivers, displaying executive presence by building rapport and credibility; effectively influencing other people to accept a solution; clearly connecting solutions to business needs. Critical Thinking: Identifying and understanding issues, problems, and opportunities; comparing data from different sources to address sales challenges and new opportunities; taking courses of action based on sound analysis and judgment that appropriately consider customer and partner business capabilities and issues, available facts, constraints, competitive circumstances and probable consequences. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco. *LI-APJ-RT1 Job Type: Experienced Opportunity Category: *Non Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills selling coordination channel partners cisco forecasting sales process monitoring proactive coaching pipeline Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:CA Company Profile: Cisco Systems (India) Private Limited Cisco Systems (India) Private Limited http:/ / www.cisco.com Cisco Systems, Inc. is the worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate and collaborate. Networks are an essential part of business, education, government and home communications today and Cisco Internet Protocol-based (IP) networking solutions are the foundation of these networks. Cisco hardware, software, and service offerings are used to create Internet solutions that allow individuals, companies, and countries to increase productivity, improve customer satisfaction and strengthen competitive advantage. The Cisco name has become synonymous with the Internet, as well as with the productivity improvements that Internet business solutions provide. At Cisco, our vision is to change the way people work, live, play and learn. Cisco was founded in 1984 by a small group of computer scientists from Stanford University. Since the company's inception, Cisco engineers have been leaders in the development of Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking technologies. This tradition of innovation continues with industry-leading products in the core areas of routing and switching, as well as advanced technologies in areas such as Home Networking, IP Telephony, Optical, Network Security, Storage Networking and Wireless LAN. Cisco Systems India Pvt Ltd. commenced operations in 1995 India, as a region, is part of the APAC theater Cisco has 7 Sales Offices in the region - New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata and Hyderabad. India headcount is 7000+, including R&D, sales and business support staff Cisco Global Development Center is in Bangalore, this is the largest outside of the US o Joint Development Centers with Wipro Technologies and Infosys Technologies in Bangalore; HCL Technologies in Chennai and Zensar Technologies in Pune Ciscos go-to-Market strategy is through Channel partners o 1200+ Partners o 10 Gold Certified Partners Datacraft, HCL Comnet, AT&T, IBM, Wipro, British Telecom, HCL Infosystems Ltd., TCS, Orange Business Services, Bharti Airtel Services Limited o 8 Silver Certified Partners Velocis (formerly Integrix), Proactive, Locuz, PC Solutions , Nirmal Datacomm, SK International, Allied Digital Services ltd and Tech Valley (Bangladesh) o 4 Distributors Ingram Micro, Redington, Compuage and Comstor Support and Service Extensive support system for customers with 17 logistics centers (premium depots). Besides that, Cisco is the only vendor to have a support program called ARNBD (advance replacement next business day) for its resellers Cisco Capital was launched in 2005 to offer flexible leasing and financial services to customers and partners Currently, there are over 170 Cisco Networking Academies across 22 states & union territories with 22455 Active Students, 25.9% of which are women students. Overall these academies have impacted 46291 students since the program inception in India. India has over 81,658 Active Cisco Certified Professionals of which 66,719 are CCNA Certified. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details