TITLE: Techniche - Manual Testing Engineer - Linux/ SQL

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for passionate Quality Assurance Engineers to join the Bangalore Techniche Engineering team. In this role, you will be taking complete ownership of quality for assigned areas and leading efforts for the overall quality in collaboration/negotiation with DEV, PMs and taking initiative to improve product quality coverage and effectiveness. - Ability to debug problems in QA and Production environments and help isolate, debug and resolve bugs. . - Exposure working in an agile/informal setup in startups and taking fair ownership of owned modules - Comfortable understanding requirements from PMs and deriving test cases/scenarios/plans out of it with high coverage, testing the systems and communicating issues/test results to cross- functional teams early. - Experience in mobile testing in both Android and IOS and in UI testing - Cross- browser and cross - platform testing. - Familiarity with databases like Mysql and knowledge of SQL and knowledge of Linux. - Fair knowledge in back- end testing on Web Services and Databases. - Team player & flexible to adjust working hours specially in startup environment Desired Skills and Experience : - BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of technical education and 2-5 years of work experience. - Experience in e-commerce & Ability to write scripts in Java/Python or any other language to reduce manual effort. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Manual Testing Mobile Testing QA UI Testing Test Cases Test Engineering SQL Java Quality Assurance Functional Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Techniche E-commerce Solutions Pvt Ltd Techniche is a software development company that accelerates business growth of organizations and helps to innovate by combining lean principles, agile software development and cutting-edge technologies. We help businesses of all sizes turn their ideas into reality by delivering turn-key results on time and on budget. Established in the year 2011, we've been providing technical expertise to Start-Ups, SMEs and large corporations around the globe. Our team of professionals are skilled in all emerging (open source and proprietary) technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details