TITLE: Big Data\ ETL - Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary Description: Be mindful of the scope of the project Understand clients requirements and its business viabilities. Determine the gaps between requirements and functionalities and define workable solutions to bridge the gaps Design the solutions in detail with the help from the consultants and business Drive architecture and design of in-house IP and customer solutions in the area of engineering analytics Responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to drive business solutions Build complex data sets from multiple data sources and build learning systems and algorithms to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis Leading a team of 2-3 members, the person should be able to completely manage Big Data analytics cluster which involves real time dash boards and daily reports. Able to translate functional and technical requirements into detail design. Good troubleshooting and application performance tuning experience. Prepare and produce releases of software components Plan the closure of the solutions and see through the implementation of the solutions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Big Data Desired Candidate Profile Candidate Experience Should Be : 10 To 14 Candidate Degree Should Be : BE-Comp/IT, BTech-Comp/IT Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our Client in India is one of the leading providers of risk, financial services and business advisory, internal audit, corporate governance, and tax and regulatory services. Our Client was established in India in September 1993, and has rapidly built a significant competitive presence in the country. The firm operates from its offices in Mumbai, Pune, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad , Kochi, Chandigarh and Ahmedabad, and offers its clients a full range of services, including financial and business advisory, tax and regulatory. Our client has their client base of over 2700 companies. Their global approach to service delivery helps provide value-added services to clients. The firm serves leading information technology companies and has a strong presence in the financial services sector in India while serving a number of market leaders in other industry segments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details