TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required HyperionPlanning and Budgeting Cloud Service development team is a key contributor to strategicOracles cloud offering in SaaS space. As part of Hyperion planning applicationdevelopment team you will be responsible for design architecture and development of various horizontal andvertical applications for Planning and Budgeting Cloud Service using one of thebest multidimensional technology called Hyperion Essbase. You will be involvedin modelling and developing essbase applications for building quick solutionsfor many horizontal and vertical segments of the market. Applicants should be senior architectswith significant experience designing and building Planning/ Essbase models.Preferred skills include awareness of Oracle Engineered Systems, Oracledatabase and middleware technology, Java/ J2EE. Scope of Position Independently manages architecture projects and technical engagements. Acts as a POC and supports escalations, pre- sales engagements, workshops, seminars, etc. Have a passion for quality and writing high quality, production ready code Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves planning and budgeting process, relevancy and user experience Is sought out by, and frequently provides technical guidance and leadership, promotes and enforces J2EE and development lifecycle best practices, manages and interacts with product management, quality engineering teams and developers from various teams, Oracle consultants, solutions specialists, partners, product managers, and customers Ensures high product quality through rigorous code reviews, bug fixing, and unit testing Able to perform in a very dynamic, tight timeframe, team- oriented, environment and work with well with other team- members Also help to analyze and design business intelligence reporting using dimensional modeling using Hyperion Financial Reports, SmartView for Office and Web Analysis, OBIEE Should be able to focus on multiple projects, research and propose any new technology that can be used to develop rich internet applications A strong knowledge in building models and calc script logic for essbase BSO Cubes is an added advantage Influence and Assist in system planning, scheduling and implementation and building requirements for future Exhibits creativity and resourcefulness in architecting solutions to meet customer requirements and can frequently create workarounds to difficult problems Sees a problem/ solution from multiple perspectives and evaluates architectural trade- offs from different points of view Balances the need to add complexity to a solution with the customer's ability to understand, implement and maintain that solution Has strong sense of the business and technical strategy required to envision the "right" architectural approach to the customer's problem set given their business objectives Works effectively in a team environment whether in a leadership role or secondary role. Demonstrates tact and diplomacy. Maintains good rapport and demonstrates leadership and teamwork in cross- functional teams. Demonstrates good negotiation and relationship building skills 8 to 12 years of industry experience in enterprise architecture, design and development of software solutions Knowledge of any financials and HR modules of any ERP is an added advantage particularly Oracle Ebiz or Orace Peoplesoft products OR Prior experience in any ETL/ data mining applications is an added advantage. Working understanding of dimensional modeling/ Data Warehousing concepts and techniques is must. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details