TITLE: Technical Leader - Should Cost & Competitive Benchmark - Electrical

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Leader - Should Cost & Competitive Benchmark - Electrical & Electronics ROLE: Should Cost & Competitive Benchmark Technical Leader will - - Lead Product cost reduction in a target oriented manner through SHOULD COST & COST ANALYTICS and need to have BUSINESS IMPACT from SHOULD COST PROGRAMS. - Involve in Product strategy (DESIGN & COST) for N.P.I. and existing Co. products through COMPETITIVE BENCHMARK TECHNOLOGY landscaping & Should Cost with focus on Electrical and Electronics parts/assemblies. - Demonstrate subject matter expertise in Should Costing and Cost Engineering discipline and act as a coach to cross functional teams. - This position Leads the Deployment of the Should Costing, Value Engineering, Value Analysis and Cost Engineering Processes, Tools and Training using Standard Organization best practices. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills Electronics Electricals Value Engineering Cost Reduction Value Analysis Product Strategy Subject Matter Expertise Techno Commercial Operations Sourcing ProCalc DFMA Desired Candidate Profile BASIC QUALIFICATION:- BE/ME - Electrical and Electronics Engineering pref. (not a must)- 8 to 16 Years of professional experience dealing with Electrical & Electronics or Electro-Mechanical Products.- Should have executed multiple N.P.I. or cost out (V.A.V.E.) programs with close interaction with manufacturing/ Suppliers/ Sales/ Service / Customers.- Strong experience in Electrical / P.C.B.A. manufacturing.- Core experience in product costing (E&E) using modern tools (like ProCalc, DFMA) pref. & with use of Global Economics Data.- Exposure to Mechanical Products is desirable.KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS:- Utilization of various estimating tools such as CCA cost model (PCBA costing spread sheet) & Lytica for standard components to complete the detailed cost estimates.- Excellent PCBA process/ manufacturing experience and other commodities like cables, Transformers- Understanding and managing a bill of material,- Strong Manufacturing background- Have good understanding on Global Economics Data- Has good Sourcing experience, Techno commercial, Global business understanding.- Previous part manufacturing and assembly experience is highly desired.- Ability to identify and deploy process improvements- Ability to effectively Communicate project status and program needs across different levels of the organization and different operating environments- Strong leadership and interpersonal skills in a team environment demonstrating influence across functions- Results focused with successful record of accomplishments through skilled use of influence, persuasion, negotiation, and problem resolution.- In-depth understanding of manufacturing process of mechanical, electrical and electronics parts- Hands-on with cost estimation/reduction techniques (DFA, DFM), tools (aPriori, DFMA, Lytica... etc) & processes for mechanical, electrical and electronic parts/assemblies. Ability to analyze various cost scenarios.- Good knowledge of Product Design and cost out techniques (Value engineering, Cost engineering, Value addition, TRIZ) for E&E parts/assemblies.If you meet with the above given standards and find the role interesting, please apply on the portal or call back on the no. given below. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Essen Consulting Leading client of Essen Consulting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details