TITLE: Graphic Designer - Illustrator/ Dreamweaver

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DrivoJoy is looking for a young and enthusiastic designer to join the Marketing Team in Bangalore. We are looking for a creative Graphic designer with up-to-date knowledge to interpret our needs and to design solutions with high visual impact. You will work on a variety of products, including website, app, emailers, social media, banners, flyers, etc. Your job responsibilities would include: 1. Thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and developing interactive design 2. Working with a wide range of media and using graphic design software 3. Preparing rough drafts to present your ideas 4. Cultivating a solid body of work What we're looking for in a candidate : 1. 1-2 years of experience in the field of design 2. Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality 3. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio 4. Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas 5. Up to date with industry leading software and technologies (Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, CorelDraw, etc.) 6. Professionalism regarding time, costs and deadlines 7. Photography skills would be an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills Photoshop Corel Draw Illustrator Dreamweaver Graphic Designing Banners Flyers Interaction Design Photography Software Design Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: DrivoJoyÃ‚Â DrivoJoy is the easiest way to get your bike repaired - Anytime, Anywhere. 2-wheeler owners no longer have to worry about taking their vehicle to the mechanic shop, getting a ride back and go back later to pick it up. Our trusted and certified mechanics repair your bike at your convenient time and place and save you hours wasted at a service center or a garage. With our less than 30-seconds booking process, secure payment and a 100% money back guarantee, Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details