TITLE: Strategic Sourcing Center-excellence Manager

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position purpose: The COE (Center of Excellence) is responsible for the delivery of COE related services of Market Intelligence, Data Analytics, Contract Management, Support for tools like eSourcing, Contract Lifecycle Management, and Procurement Master Data. Principal Accountabilities : 60% Center of Excellence Responsibilities Provides technical and operational leadership to the COE Team members who provide a variety of related services: Market Intelligence and Data Analytics: Lead and support the execution of market intelligence and data analytics processes that support the regional category teams to conduct their sourcing processes and build their category strategies. Provide guidance to the team by bringing forth industry leading practices and understanding of data analytic tools to gain better insights into the categories by leveraging supplier and industry analysis. Data and Technology Solutions: Lead the team that is responsible for supporting the sourcing and procurement technologies. Example of some of the technologies are spend analysis (Zycus, iAnalyze) and metrics for sourcing team (SAP BI), SAP master data, tools for eSourcing and Contract lifecycle management (Ariba), document management tools (SharePoint) and other relevant technologies for a sourcing and procurement function. Contract Management: Lead the team that is responsible for implementation of operational contracts in procurement systems like SAP, Maximo and others. Also, setup of contracts with the right checks and balances in the global contract repository (Ariba). Global travel compliance: Lead the team that is responsible for ensuring travelers in Cargill comply with the travel policy and report on trends for travel cost savings opportunities 40% Leadership, People Management and Talent Management Effectively prioritizing work assignments and allocating resources while meeting stakeholder expectations, establishing and adjusting priorities. Ensuring internal resources levels are appropriate to meet quality, cost effectiveness and timeliness of work associated with assigned responsibilities. Providing leadership through evaluation and development/ coaching/ mentoring and motivation of assigned direct reports. Supervise staff for the COE teams to include hiring, training, evaluating performance, side-by-side coaching, providing compensation recommendations, and determining disciplinary actions when necessary With guidance from CSSP Center Lead, appropriately address human resources issues, such as attendance and interpersonal conflicts in the workplace; consults Center Site Manager and/ or Human Resources for guidance as needed Ensure the procurement team adheres to the CSSP Procurement Policy, Internal Risks/ Controls, Fraud Prevention guidelines and adheres to applicable laws, rules, and regulations; monitor compliance with these areas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills sap development sap bi six sigma hiring maximo procurement supply chain management metrics Desired Candidate Profile Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Supply Chain Management, Finance, Engineering or Science, or equivalent education and experience 6 years relevant experience with increasing responsibility; 2 years of supervisory experience Experience managing and developing team talent Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Zycus, Ariba or other PRTP Cloud solutions Demonstrated strong self-initiative, sense of urgency and customer relationship building skills. Demonstrate a "hands-on" style and willingness to engage proactively with managers, directors and vice-presidents. Excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills in English. Preferred Qualifications: Master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) is preferred. Six sigma or lean certifications and a few years of experience implementing the principle Strong organizational, analytical and project management skills. Ability to present information (prepare reports, rationale and recommendations clearly and concisely to all levels of management). Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:CA Company Profile: Cargill India Pvt. Ltd. Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and 150 years of experience. We have 150,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details