TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Bytemark seeks experienced Android developers for a full-time position in our Bangalore office. The current team is a small group of knowledgable, dedicated developers looking to add more members to their team. To support our ticketing and payments platform the Android team builds ticketing apps for transit, tourist, and event companies in multiple cities around the world. The apps are both consumer facing and also merchant facing. Android developers work closely with our internal platform APIs and with the other mobile teams to ensure consistency across platforms. We are always looking to improve our products and welcome creative, collaborative people.This position offers developers the opportunity to work as part of a growing company invested in using the latest and best technologies we can. Company Description Bytemark is a fun company that offers amazing benefits including cell phone coverage, health insurance, gym benefits, free snacks and lunches, transit passes, flexible work schedules, and much more. We focus on creating a company that supports our employees and helps them grow professionally. Responsibilities: Work as member of the Android development team to meet project deadlines Collaborate with development and design teams to create new features and improve the user experience Ensure development adheres to defined requirements and specifications Work closely with QA to ensure code is clean and bug free Must be able to work at our Manhattan office during normal business hours Capable of meeting strict deadlines and working under pressure Qualifications: 3-4 years developing Android apps either independently or with a team Proficient in Java Experience building an app with Android SDK Understand the key differences between the different Android OSes and the UI/UX specifics SQL and RDBMS Understanding of OOP Experience using RESTful, JSON web services Understanding of Git, source control procedures, and feature branching Work with development teams of 3+ people Apps released in the Play Store Experience building an SDK Bonus Qualifications: Experience with GTFS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Android SDK Web Services JSON SQL Health Insurance GIT Web Technologies OOP RDBMS Android developer automation scripter Retrofit android programmer REST Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Company Profile: Bytemark, Inc. Launched in 2011, Bytemark delivers a secure mobile ticketing platform for transit, tourism, and events. The Bytemark team is a talented group of engineers, developers, and business professionals dedicated to building an easy-to-use mobile ticketing system with little to no infrastructure investment. The Bytemark Platform is a suite of smartphone apps, point-of-sale plugins, and open APIs that provide an integrated mobile commerce experience. For the past 3 years, Bytemark has been a leader in providing mobile ticketing technologies to the transit industry. Bytemark delivers a comprehensive platform that allows organizations to feel confident as they transition to mobile. Bytemark launched the first mobile ticketing application for a major U.S. transit agency with the release of the New York Waterway app in January 2012. Bytemark is dedicated to the development of an innovative mobile platform that improves the ticket and payment experience for consumers and merchants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details