TITLE: Product Manager - Software Programming

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: - Work closely with Solution Analysts, Project Managers, Researchers and other business stakeholders to derive product features based on loose requirements to evolve the product. - Create detailed PRDs and user stories using a combination of tools and techniques to convey the meaning of the requirement concisely and accurately - Act as bridge between the end user and the engineers to ensure that the meaning and intent of the user story is retained through a sprint. - Take a lead role in client user acceptance testing and assimilate feedback to groom the backlog - Provides the engineering team with definition, clarification and acceptance of features. - Build and groom the backlog. - Provide clarification as necessary to assist the Engineering team with their story estimates, sprint loading, story sequencing, and drafting the specific objectives for the upcoming sprint. Skills required: - Excellent critical thinking skills - Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. - Inductive reasoning -- The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). - Excellent communication (written and spoken) and interpersonal skills. - Ability to prioritize product development in a systematic way - Inherent desire to be thorough - Clean sense of design - Good understanding of web technologies and their evolution - Knowledge and experience in SaaS products and/or enterprise product space is highly valued Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Design Product Management User Stories Product Development Web Technologies User Acceptance Testing End User Software programming Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications :- Bachelors- degree in engineering or computer science preferred.- Background in Software programming or QA with 1-2 years of product management experience in enterprise software- At least 1 year of experience in an agile or lean product development environment.- Experience in SaaS, enterprise software, startups Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: TalentFirst HR Consulting Pvt Ltd Leading client of TalentFirst HR Consulting Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details