TITLE: Hyperion Systems Administrator - Infrastructure

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excited by large scale, high volume, 24/ 7, near real- time global financial systems Then Amazon is the place for you! The Amazon Global Financial Systems (GFS) team operates and maintains large scale complex systems servicing the company's growing financial reporting & analysis requirements. GFS Engineers, Administrators, and Developers are held to a high standard while they support critical business functions for customers across the world while meeting tough up- time SLAs and ensuring robust system performance. You will be obsessed with delivering superior service to your customers and will truly own the system. You will work together with a team of expert engineers, with plenty of opportunities to learn and grow. This position requires knowledge of the Hyperion EPM Suite of applications with a focus on EPM Infrastructure, Administration, Tuning and support activities. Core tasks and responsibilities: Design, configure, and setup Hyperion installations by gathering and analyzing information; documenting and presenting results, for supporting Hyperion applications. Administration of Hyperion version 11 servers, databases & applications including, upgrades, backup and recovery, capacity management, deployment of production code changes, and fail- over testing. Maintain the production, test and development instances of supported systems as part of the technology infrastructure team. Test and install vendor patches and new releases, following change- control management. Experience with day to day support activities and job monitoring Additional Responsibilities: Perform capacity planning Perform some production support duties during off- hours Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Background in financial or banking applications Must have at least 5 years of hands- on Hyperion EPM Installation and Administration experience. Strong hands on experience working in a mixed Linux and Windows server environment and in shell scripting. Demonstrated knowledge using Oracle SQL. EPM Web architecture and infrastructure knowledge. Experience with complex multi- server, multi- application environments Experience with High Availability environments (24/ 7) In- depth knowledge of the causes and remedies of performance issues within the Hyperion environment. Demonstrated excellence in consultation, presentation, verbal, and written communications skills. Ability to work effectively with business customers & users. BS in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, Mathematics, or a relevant Business field. Preferred Qualifications Experience with other priducts within the Hyperion Suite: ODI, HFM, FDMEE, ARM, FCM, and Hyperion Planning A strong desire to work in a fast paced dynamic environment Must be able to work independently with limited supervision Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details