TITLE: Global Head - SAP Practice

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The role will be responsible for: - Head SAP Service Line Strategy & Solutions. - Responsible for SAP Delivery, Solution & Pre-Sales, Offerings across Globally. - Will hold operational accountability for all SAP delivery. - Provide leadership and direction to the team and ensure there are enhanced margins, growth and utilization. - Ownership of P&L of all the SAP space, including management of short-term and long-term goals. - Be a part of the strategy team for the practice and contribute and strategize the vision in line with vertical's overall growth plans. - Establish client relationship, understand their pain points, challenges, and goals. - Responsible for building up the team for functional and technical roles on such engagements. - Proactively identify challenges, issues, and risks in project delivery and develop a mitigation plan working closely with the client team. - Communicate directly with customer to understand customer requirements, priorities, and budgets. - Building business relationships with various partners to understand their business goals and objectives and converting it into key business deliverables. - Build and develop new capabilities for the SAP practice from consulting perspective and work towards growing the business by identifying opportunities and building capability. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Project Delivery Client Relationship SAP Practice SAP Delivery Solution Practice Management Desired Candidate Profile Desired Skills & Experience:- Experience of 15 or more years in heading the SAP Practice- Should have managed teams size in the upward of 4000+- Must have strong focus in the European Market- Must have ability to build print with regards to Delivery strategy across the globeRole can be based in Pune / Mumbai / Bangalore, kindly share profiles with if inclined to explore the opportunity. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Saaki Argus & Averil Consulting leading client of Saaki Argus & Averil Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details