TITLE: Senior Engineer - GPU

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Want to work on some of the most exciting technologies in the IT industry and take part in break disruptive innovations in Technology? Come join us at Seastar Labs. At SeaStar Labs, we have built an enduring platform for innovation that pursues excellence to create products, systems and solutions that delight our customers and exceed their expectations. Our engineers solve a variety of complex and challenging real world problems with cutting edge technologies in Image Processing, Computer Vision, Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine Learning. We actively explore new and emerging technologies to develop feature rich applications which interface with technologies such as IP cameras, streaming servers, GPUs and Network video recorders.Â Do you take pride in writing quality code and building systems that are reliable, testable and maintainable? Do you thrive on creating simple and elegant solutions to complex problems? Are you ready to compete head-to-head with some of the top and most fast-paced and innovative organizations in the industry?Â Mandatory Skills and Experience: Should have 4 or more years of experience in C/C++ development with Windows/Linux platform.Â Must have worked with NVidia GPUs for at least 2 years. Experience in developing high performance systems using GPGPU paradigm. Experience with CUDA or OpenCL frameworks.Â Expert level knowledge of low level network programming (threads, sockets, IPC, etc.)Â Deep Understanding of OSI stack specially L2 and L3 layer protocols Experience with STL and Boost libraries. In-depth knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented design principles. Desirable Skills and Experience: Experience with Go Lang programing. Exposure to Intel Quick Sync, Intel Media SDK and Intel Performance Primitives (IPP).Â Experience with Internet protocols like TCP/IP, UDP, RTP/RTSP/RTMP Knowledge of OpenCV, OpenGL. Good Exposure to Visual Studio or Eclipse CDT. Experience working in agile environments using Continuous Integration and TDD practices. Should be able to identify and apply well known design patterns. Extensive experience in debugging, memory profiling and performance testing. Strong communication skills and ability to interface with customers. Salary: DoE Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C C++ Boost STL Opencv Opengl Image Processing Data Structures Linux RTP GPU GoLang Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ishi Information Systems Pvt Ltd Seastar Labs At SeaStar Labs, we have built an enduring platform for innovation that pursues excellence to create products, systems and solutions that delight our customers and exceed their expectations. Our engineers solve a variety of complex and challenging real world problems with cutting edge technologies in Image Processing, Computer Vision, Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine Learning. We actively explore new and emerging technologies to develop feature rich applications which interface with technologies such as IP cameras, streaming servers, GPUs and Network video recorders. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details