TITLE: Sr Engineering Director - Software Development - AWS/ Cloud

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary: As an Engineering Leader, you will plan, lead, and manage engineering teams and product releases. You will take an active role in leading a cross functional team, within organization, focused on driving execution from definition through successful product release. This position involves working in a fast paced technology environment, with an opportunity to work collaboratively with like-minded professionals in the Product management, Solution Architecture and Global Services/Support functions, and to positively influence greater business outcomes. Essential Functions: - Provide a leadership role to the engineering team of developers and QA professionals, to resolve all pertinent issues related to the product development life cycle. - Planning and managing multiple product releases from design phase through development and testing to ensure milestones are met -Manage, Motivate and Mentor the engineering team to maintain the culture of high quality, constant innovation and pro-active leadership - Ensure the customer SLAs are met with workarounds, hot fixes and patches for product issues from the field. - Ensure that projects adhere to the engineering processes and initiate process improvements as needed. - Manage and Leverage ISV relationships with technology providers like AWS, Vmware, IBM, EMC, NetApp, Oracle, Microsoft etc .. Build new ISV relationships Requirements: - Excellent knowledge of product lifecycle, tools, processes and planning in an agile/scrum environment - Experience in managing, motivating and mentoring large teams ( 80+) of developers and testers by providing an environment of growth within the organization - Ability to develop and track longer-range project plans and schedules for timely delivery and quality of parallel product releases - Demonstrate good judgment in solving dependencies as well as identifying risks in advance, and proposing solutions. - Demonstrated experience in successfully delivering multiple complex products in datacenter or cloud Infrastructure space is desirable - Creative approach to problem solving, providing long term solutions, out of the box thinking and negotiation, and organizational skills are required. -Experience in handling ISV partners or customers is an additional qualification Interaction: - This individual must work effectively with Vice President level employees within the function, across functions and with external parties. - Limited supervision and direction is provided, as this individual can operate and drive results and set priorities independently. - The ideal candidate will be a proactive contributor and out of the box thinker. - To be successful, this individual must demonstrate favorable results through regular leadership and influencing others. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Data Center Product Development Solution Architecture Product Management Software Development Engineering Director Cloud management Desired Candidate Profile Education & Experience:- A minimum of 16 years of experience in software development with at least 6 years of experience in management is required.- A Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering or Computer Science, or equivalent is required.Note:- Product development experience in Enterprise/Systems/Cloud management Space or Backup or Replication or infrastructure software preferred- US experience is desirable- Knowledge in virtualization, Cloud ( AWS/OpenStack..) technologies is strongly desirable Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: TalentFirst HR Consulting Pvt Ltd Leading client of TalentFirst HR Consulting Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details