TITLE: Accounts Receivable Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Accounts Receivable Manager Role Overview Overall responsibility for all aspects of the collections function and all collections activity carried out in the portfolios. Drives the achievement and continuous improvement of key performance/financial metrics. Ensures that processes are in place to maximise efficiency and achieve business and delinquency targets. Ensures internal processes are strictly adhered to and that the collection activities are handled in compliance with internal policies, regulatory requirements and applicable laws. Provides all relevant reporting of the portfolios to senior leadership on a regular basis. This would be a 9am to 6pm shift Business to Business Role Role & Responsibilities: Directs the efforts of others in the achievement of the strategic and operational objectives of the group. Manages the hiring, staffing and maintaining of a diverse and effective workforce. 20% of travel involved within India Responsible for career development/planning, performance and pay discussions of team members. Provides direction and oversight in management of account delinquency in portfolios. Reports on the portfolio of customers on a regular basis and forecasts future delinquency and write-offs. Identifies process enhancements that will improve customer service, drive improvements in quality and data integrity and reduce errors and inaccuracy. Ensures proper resources are in place to enable the achievement of transaction processing goals, provides management reporting on transaction status and approves all transaction documents in excess of staff authority. Provides oversight in the day-to-day operational work and acts as key point of contact for the escalation of difficult customer issues. Provides operational expertise to cross-functional teams and projects and assists with process improvement and standardization across all portfolios. Liaises with finance department to ensure all money received is applied to correct invoices and contracts and that direct debit and checks are applied to customer accounts on a timely basis. Responsible for compliance reporting, corporate and government reporting on behalf of the function when required. Candidate requirement: Graduate with 10+ years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. 6+ years managerial/leadership experience Resolves problems requiring broad-based analysis. Researches, selects and applies appropriate standards. Exercises judgment to determine appropriate action and alternatives. Resolves data integrity issues. Improves processes. Presents problem analysis and recommends solutions in a creative and logical manner Works with internal business partners (sales, finance, operational departments) and external customers on issue resolution. Responds to escalated internal and external customer account inquiries. Leads implementation of process and policy improvement initiatives. Ensures transactions are processed cost efficiently and timely in order to maximize customer satisfaction Desired Profile: Strong customer service skills. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong analytical skills. Strong knowledge of leasing business and lease documentation. Strong negotiation and influencing skills. Strong problem resolution skills. Communication Continuous Improvement Flexibility / Change Orientation Integrity & Trust Customer Service Creativity & Innovation Results Orientation Strategic Awareness Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Accounts Receivable Finance Accounting Collections Sales Operations Management Reporting Customer Service Customer Satisfaction Transaction Processing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details