TITLE: Full Stack Developer - PHP/ Python/ Angularjs

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Bounty Engineering is hiring! We are looking for a talented and experienced Full Stack Developer to join our team. Looking for someone who is very knowledgeable in all stages of software development. Fluent in building and architecting softwares have in-depth understanding of relational and non-relational databases, api development, servers and hosting environment Engineering Skills : - PHP, Python, AngularJS or similar javascript framework, MVC framework, node.js, Java programming, JVM, MySQL, Linux, Apache, NGINX, Amazon Cloud Hosting Requirements : - Must be able to design and implement solutions on a variety of platforms following best technical design and approach. - Must be a quick learner, willing to learn any technology that might be required to complete the task. - Good time management and organizational skills. - You are hungry for new knowledge and responsibility. You take ownership of your projects. - You know how to dig out a solution for a problem at hand, no matter what... it has to be solved and delivered. - You take pride in what you do, you are a team player and able to mentor others. - A start-up mentality to get things up and running quickly. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and perform well under tight schedule. - Keep up to date on the latest industry trends and best practices in the latest technologies. - 4 to 6 years of relevant experience. - PHP is a must Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MySQL PHP Java Javascript MVC Framework Python Apache Linux Technology Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Nanolocal technologies private limited bounty app is the product of Nanolocal Technologies Private Limited. With bounty app, you get rewarded every time you walk into bounty partner places. All you need to do is to just register and forget about doing anything else. You DO NOT have to remember to check-in when you are at specific partner place also. Whenever you are in our partner place, the app automatically recognizes that and pops up to alert you that you are in a bounty rewards zone and all you need to do is tap once. This intelligent assist is based on a multitude of factors and works even if you are NOT connected to the internet - Yes, even if you are not connected to the internet you can earn rewards. It is context-aware, hyper Location-aware and will get personalized over time. No posting on FB/twitter when you check-in and you have an absolute privacy. You check-in to earn reward points that are redeemable against a host of egift cards with no tricky conditions! The successful candidate will be a major contributor to the development of bounty app Platform, a very innovative concept. Check out in more detail at http://www.bountyapp.in/. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details