TITLE: Data Scientist (bangalore)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for experts in machine learning platform for predictive analytics and recommendation for the industrial internet of things (IIoT). It is important candidate should have experience in any of these : Oil & Energy or manufacturing or automative Industry. Responsibilities: Conduct research on meta learning and machine learning algorithms for enhancing the automated data science technology to deliver highly relevant insights from data in an automated way. Apply meta learning and distributed computing for building large scale solutions for solving problems in predictive analytics and recommendation. Interact with clients to understand requirements, implement and present results. Coordinate and collaborate with cross-functional teams including product management, customer support & operations, sales, marketing and management. Be a thought leader and technology evangelist and collaborate with marketing to promote technology leadership in creative ways in online and offline channels. Skills & Qualification: 5+years of research experience with at least 1 year in machine learning / deep learning / AI and at least 1 year of experience in natural language processing. Knowledge of statistical data modeling, predictive analytics, data mining and text mining is highly preferred. Experience with Big Data Analytics and Data Visualization is a big plus. Strong experience in taking research to production scale software. Programming experience in Java is highly preferred. Experience with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Mahout, Spark etc. and/or Search technologies like Lucene, Solr, Elastic search is a big plus. Must have a strong desire to aggressively learn and seek out new relevant technologies Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technology solutions Entrepreneurial and Agile - understands the demands of a private, high growth company Ability to be both; a leader and hands on doer Low ego, pragmatic and down to earth orientation Very good written as well as verbal communication skills Strong organizational, multi-tasking and time management skills Doctorate/ Masters / Bachelors degree in Computer Science / Information Technology /Statistics / Mathematics or equivalent. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java Data Mining Machine Learning Predictive Analytics Technology Leadership Data Analytics scala spark Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Aether Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Aether Infotech Pvt. Ltd an IT -NON IT Reruitments and Trainings Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details