TITLE: Software Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle is the world- leader in global data solutions which informsmarter action in every part of a business. Our core mission is toempower our customers with unique data solutions across various businessfunctions and business verticals which can be plugged into any applications ordecision engines to drive high- value insights and competitive action. The Oracle Audience Data Marketplace is theworlds largest aggregation of unique and anonymous user data worldwide. We uniquely offer a combination of offline, online and mobile targetingattributes at scale to inform relevant ad and content experiences across variousdigital, social, search and mobile channels. We are looking for a smart and energetic software developmentengineer to specialize in developing tools and technology within the OracleData Cloud team. This engineer will build software to enable internal tools andcustomer provisioning with a focus on business operation functions. These toolswill be used during customer onboarding, provisioning, and technical customersupport activities. This is an importantrole and will require both technical skills and customer empathy. This role may include light on- call rotation support duringafter- hours. You'll work in an environment where we value, expect and rewardpeer- to- peer collaboration and you will be positioned and expected to make animpact to our technology stack and how the Oracle Audience Data Marketplace strategyunfolds and develops. You will: Manage Hadoop cluster and jobs with hundreds of nodes. Do feature addition by using Map/ Reduce, Pig, Oozie. Be accountable for customer SLA for the service provisionactivities within the engineering team. Provide technical support by prioritizing, troubleshooting, andescalating customer reporting problems within the provisioning cycle. Work with customers, internal teams, and external teams toestablish and manage expectations. Raise awareness of critical technology issues to ensure they areproperly communicated, prioritized, and addressed. Own the production environment, and have a blast doing it. Desired Skills & Experience B.S. in Computer Scienceor a related field with at least 7 years of Development experience 3 years experience inmanaging production Hadoop Having experience withmanaging large Hadoop Clusters with hundreds of nodes Deep expertise inMap/ Reduce, Pig, Oozie and other Big Data technologies. Core JavaProgramming/ Data Structures/ Algorithms Strong Linux knowledgeand comfortable in python/ shell scripts. Experience in Scrum/ Agilemethodologies Strong communicationskills: able to clearly articulate, defend and document design decisions Leader, self- reliant andteam player who can function with little supervision or direction Candidate Personal Attributes: Love of Problem- Solving : You attack problems and solve themrather than raise barriers or pessimism Self- starter : You like results, take initiative and have a figure- it- out- and- get- it- done mentality Fun: Youhave goodpeople skills, are humble and fun to be around Passion : Youhave a natural curiosity and desire to excel Ownership: Yousign up, are accountable and follow through whether you succeed or fail Creative: You believe there is always away to solve the problem Data- driven: You gather data to make decisions and usedata to convince others. Some Helpful Links: https: / / www.oracle.com/ cloud/ daas- marketing.html http: / / www.oracle.com/ us/ corporate/ acquisitions/ bluekai/ general- presentation- 2150582.pdf Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details