TITLE: Java Technical lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We seek a strong technical lead well versed in software product development on the Open technology stack such as Java/J2EE/Spring/JPA/WildFly. The technical lead will analyse, design, construct, integrate, implement, and maintain leading-edge web application product with a primary focus on the middle-tier & presentation layer. The technical lead primarily manages a project team that follows established development processes, including coding standards, change and configuration management, documentation, unit testing, issue tracking, problem resolution, deployment, and support. The technical lead interfaces with the client/client representatives in delivering the projects. Extensive experience developing software applications using Java 8/J2EE/Spring/JPA/WidlFly stack is mandatory. 5+ years of design and coding with advanced skills in the following: Java 7/Java 8 Spring 3.0+ JPA AoP JavaScript/Backbone/Angular HTML/CSS/Bootstrap Amazon Web Services (AWS) Maven MySQL JUnit Experience and knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), UML modelling, and application of design patterns Proficiency in thread management, asynchronous processing models and working with multithreaded programs is required. Strong team orientation, with demonstrated ability to work well across functional boundaries and locations Proven ability to thrive in complex, rapidly changing technology environment Desired Candidate Profile Bachelor degree in Engineering/MCA 5+ years of experience with multiple technology disciplines; including Windows environment 2+ years of experience in managing a team of developers and testers Experience with Amazon Cloud services is highly desired Experience working in Agile, Scrum Team Strong object-oriented analysis, design and programming skills Willingness to demonstrate software development skills Salary: Best in industry Industry:IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area:IT Software - eCommerce, Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keywords:Java, HTML, Maven, JPA, Javascript, JUnit, Spring, J2Ee, Aop, CSS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java HTML Maven JPA Javascript JUnit J2Ee Spring Aop CSS Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Company Profile: CSG Solutions India Pvt Ltd CSG Solutions India Pvt Ltd, a subsidiary of the US based company Cobb Systems Group, which provides software and product development services to its clients. We build software products for the finance, healthcare, biotechnology, human resources, and mobile gaming industries. Our teams design, build and support SAAS based products. we are around 35 in strength and 6 yr old in Bangalore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details