TITLE: Job Opening for HR Analytics with Capgemini

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Support in Analysis and Reporting in areas related to Human Resource Management such as Workforce Analysis, Compensation& Benefits, Learning and Development, Internal Mobility and Employee Attrition. Responsibilities: 1. Liaise with the client to understand unstructured business problems and recommend the right solution. The individual should be able to work closely with clients and develop actionable insights & results. 2. Work closely with engagement to independently handle RFP's, Pilot projects, provide detail solutionings and create new products, as and when required. Capability to work simultaneously on different projects is critical. 3. Use strong system skills and domain knowledge to examine the effectiveness of clients operations and to communicate conclusions. Develop reports and analysis for continuous improvement. 4. Build and expand HR Analytics capabilities. The candidate needs to have knowledge of HR Hire-to-Retire cycle including processes related to Recruitment, Learning, Workforce profiling, Compensation, Talent and Attrition. 5. The candidate should be able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive innovative solutions for clients 6. Candidate should be able to handle and analyze large volumes of data and extract meaningful trends, outliers and suggest recommendations. 7. Common responsibilities include scanning business processes, identifying KPIs and performance trends, data cleansing and analysis, data mining, preparation of reports (formal presentations/excel) and project management 8. Requires knowledge of Statistical tools(R Studio, SAS), computer system capabilities, and business processes. Candidate should have good knowledge of Excel VBA and MS Access. Education Requirements - An MBA/Masters from a reputed institute or an Engineer with exceptional work experience OR a masters degree specializing in HR systems - Statistical educational background preferred - Any relevant industry specific Certifications/Memberships (desirable) Experience Requirements: - 5-6 Years in Analytics - Exposure to Human Resource Management or HR Operations - Experience in preparing data, performing analyses independently particularly involving large data sets, developing practical business recommendations and evaluating associated financial impact - Expert use of MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint), exposure to Tableau - Advanced knowledge of analytics tools/platforms (e.g. SQL, MS Access, SAS or other analytical DBMS tools) - Working knowledge of statistical tools like SAS/ R/ SPSS and statistical/data modeling techniques like regression, clustering, CHAID/decision tree etc. is desirable Personal Characteristics: - Hard Working, Confident and High on Integrity - Passionate about creating value and impact for the client - Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, throughout all levels of the organization Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills HR Operations HR Analytics Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Capgemini Technology Services India Limited Capgemini Technology Services India Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details