TITLE: Head - Compensation & Benefits - BPO/ KPO

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role : Head-Compensation & Benefits ( Head of C&B for India Business Unit) Location : Bangalore - The candidate would report to India HR Head. - Be Responsible for building the strategy for India C&B and aligning it to the Global C&B Policies of the organisation. - Overall planning of compensation - Budgeting or forecasting program manage compensation planning for Compensation in India and ensuring inputs to relevant finance teams to build rate cards - Designs pieces of complex compensation programs resulting in significant and long term changes to the company's compensation offerings and policies ensuring optimal budget utilization. - Oversees the implementation of specific components of complex and large scale global compensation initiatives ensuring appropriate local implementation in the context of global guidelines. - Designs and develops training education and communication materials for the implementation of global or local compensation programs. - Drives resolution of compensation issues and independently makes recommendation for optimal solution in situations where issue is complex. - Manages customer relationships with contacts from human resources finance and the business and builds new relationships outside team where appropriate. - Drive refinement of the Market Intelligence processes and deliverables to ensure client expectations and deliverables are met on time and with quality - Accountable for market data collection analysis and target development. Ensure market data analysis and recommendations are aligned with the compensation and benefits or pension strategy and direction for the Country - Analyze performance metrics. Provide specialty reporting and data analysis as required. Identify trends potential areas of non-compliance with legal requirements and opportunities for performance improvements within the function - Serves as an SME and advisor to HR and recruitment teams as needed in all aspects of compensation design planning and administration processes and counseling on customization of programs at a local level. - Applies comprehensive functional knowledge in compensation and serves as a senior resource providing guidance to less experienced team members. - Develops and shares knowledge capital in the compensation area. - Provides input to capital budgeting for area and ensures that team adheres to budget. - Help in tools implementation for the compensation function in respective area. Education : MBA / PG in HR - About 12+ years of total experience with 6-8 years of relevant experience in C&B - Experience in a large multi-national HR organization or consultancy - Experience with a global multi-cultural virtual work environment Knowledge or Skills Requirements : - Knowledge of compensation design and implementation .e.g. base pay variable pay benefits perquisites etc. - Knowledge of country labor laws impacting rewards. - High order of analytical ability and comfort with numbers - Ability to effectively interface with multiple geographies and cultures - Issue Resolution and Escalation - Excellent MS Excel skills - Tactical and strategic - Responsible for ensuring compensation strategy is in line with the business needs and market realities - Deal with expectations of critical business stakeholders i.e. with biz leads capability leads global recruiting third party vendors to ensure efficiency and effectiveness in HR support service delivery Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Compensation & Benefits Keyskills KPO BPO HR Compensation Benefits Rewards Training Consultancy Labor Laws Administration Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium-Jobs A Leading Client of Antrors HR Solutions A Leading Client of Antrors HR Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details