TITLE: J2EE Developer - Service Ops

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Global Wealth Management Technology group is a hub supporting the business across three continents and various jurisdictions covering all areas of Private Banking from front end applications to the core accounting systems. The Team, composed of close to 400 professionals in India, is in charge of implementing business sponsored and mandatory projects as well as providing technical support. Projects range from market expansion, finance, credit, regulatory, operations efficiency, tax, suitability, and other areas such product industrialization and client servicing solutions. The candidate will be working in Ops Efficiency team as application developer providing solutions to Operations team to reduce their manual activities and hence improve their efficiency. Responsibilities - Work will include all aspects of Software Development lifecycle with a focus on Java Development using Core Java and J2EE standards. Criteria Require 5 years experience in Core Java and J2EE technologies Strong background on Java, JSP, JavaScript, Ext-JS, REST Services, SOAP Services, JMS, Frameworks (Spring, Struts, JSF), iBatis Experience with source code management techniques/tools (SVN, Maven) Experience with IDE's such as RAD, Eclipse Experienced on Databases, Store Procedures (Sybase , MS-SQL) Experience on BPM tools (such as jBPM, OBPM, Pega, Lombardi) is preferred Working knowledge on Unix scripting Familiarity with IBM Portal development, deployment & Portal technologies Mule, QPID, MQ experience desirable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java j2ee javascript struts core java jsp development software development technical support mca Desired Candidate Profile BE/Btech/ MCA Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details