TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Product management at Pin Click is about building awesome products that deliver on the vision of disruptive customer experiences and path breaking features which change the way customers manage their real estate search. As a product manager you will own the complete strategy and roadmap for your product/ business area. You will work closely with our technology team & cross functional teams across marketing, sales, operations to build and execute adoption of products. We are looking for awesome PMs with demonstrated product management expertise for: 1. Website Development 2. Mobile Apps (Internal/ External) 3. Customer Insights & Data Platforms. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Web Development problems solving product management Mobile Apps Desired Candidate Profile Requirements - Strong analytical skills, data driven with a creative bent of mind - Good problems solving & structured thinking capabilities - Proven product management experience developing web or mobile based software products. - Ability to manage all aspects of product development lifecycle - from the strategy & definition of the product, breaking it into milestones, executing that with technology/ other cross-functional teams. - Ability to define & own your own product adoption & success metrics - Strong technology orientation, with keen sense of picking tech trends. - B2C product management experience in a start-up is an added benefit Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Pin Click - Startup We are a full service residential real estate platform with city based teams of advisors who are enabled with technology tools to make customers search and decision making simpler, faster and more effective. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details