TITLE: Wireless TAC Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HelloÂ Good Day!!! Trust things are great at your end. We do have the job opportunities matching to your profile with one of the product development company in Bangalore. Please find the JD Below: As a Technical Support Engineer you will be providing technical customer support to customers in diagnosing, isolating, reproducing and fixing complex technical issues in a timely manner. To be successful in this role, you must possess strong customer service and technical problem solving skills and ultimately someone who embraces challenges. Responsibilities Providing technical support to the customers and partners for various technologies and solutions related the products while consistently achieving high Customer satisfaction. Resolve customers issues via the telephone, email or remote session Reproducing issues in-house and responding back in a timely manner Formulating technical action plans for analyzing and resolving problems related to the deployment Interact with various internal teams such as escalations, engineering and facilitate communication between customers and other teams Provide technical expertise and guidance to customers Regular follow-ups with customers with recommendations, updates and action plans. Participate in technical communications within the Technical Support Team to share best practices and learn about new technologies Generating documentation in the form of case notes, best practices, knowledge base articles, RCA reports, and case reviews. Achieve the performance metrics as defined by the organization Contribute technical content , leading Deployment Guides, Knowledge Base, FAQs Candidate must be willing and able to, be on-call 24x7 on Mission Critical Issues and interface with customers/clients via emails/phone to walk them through hands-on troubleshootin If interested, please send me your updated resume along with following details Current CTC, Expected CTC and Notice Period, Kindly provide me if you have any references. Thanks & Regards Usha Sr.Staffing Specialist 8040205618.. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills WIRELESS TAC TAC Wireless escalation tac Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details