TITLE: Regional Lead - Account Management

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At LimeTray, We work with restaurants and help them run better. We have products which primarily help restaurants in getting them online, increase customer repeat and improve operational efficiency. We have over 2000 paying merchants including big-names like Burger King, Pizza Hut, MOD etc and smaller ones like Biryani Blues, Leaping Caravan, Breakfast Club in Gurgaon. We have built world's first restaurant OS and have much more innovative products in pipe-line to solve for F&B industry. An Account manager at LimeTray is majorly responsible for servicing the clients and generating revenue via up selling, cross selling and renewals. As a Regional Account Manager, you would be responsible for building, leading, training, managing the development of key account management team. The person will be responsible for ensuring all the key accounts of a region are engaged and satisfied. This is a leadership role to ensure leadership on key accounts in the region and to ensure repeat revenue from them as well as to grow the accounts Hire, train and benchmark the account managers for the region to develop a strong team of Account Managers Drive a culture of excellence and establish trust amongst the merchant community Be responsible for enterprise accounts of the region and be in constant touch with them Monitor health of the region portfolio by closely tracking the key metrics - revenue, penetration, usage and churn Actively develop local client success stories for helping the acquisition team acquire similar clients Collaborate actively with GMs for monthly goal setting and performance review of the region's AM teams Liaise with Central Customer Success team to drive product adoption and reduce churn Work closely with Central Product Team to chart out strategies to increase product penetration in the region Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills Key Account Management Key Accounts Revenue Generation Cross Selling Performance Review Selling Desired Candidate Profile Good grip on numbers and data analysis Ability to work with little or no supervision Ability to work with several functions and teams Drive business goals by detailed planning and execution skills Outcome-Focused approach and whatever-it-takes attitude Keen interest in Client facing roles and team management Experience : 3-5 years experience post MBA Good educational pedigree Prior Client Facing/ Account Management experience is required. Should have handled a team in the last assignment Should have hands-on experience in target driven job environment. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: LimeTray - Startup LimeTray helps restaurants run better. We help restaurants get online, help them engage with their customers and help them optimise their operations through suite of products. 6 out of 10 restaurants shut down in less than an year of starting up & this is not because they serve bad food or are expensive but because they are just not run in best possible way and that's what we are trying to change - one restaurant at a time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details