TITLE: Manufacturing Engineer - CMM Programming

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Manufacturing Engineer - CMM Programming, you will play a pivotal role in Bengaluru by using methods described in corporate process landscapes to programme manage, validate and / or execute tasks. In this role, you will ensure manufacturing processes are safe and capable of achieving and sustaining the design intent, required production rate, cost and quality and are delivered on time to the business. Rolls-Royce is a world-leading provider of power systems and services, for use on land, at sea and in the air. We're proud to have a strong presence and an 80-year heritage in India, and are excited about our growing future in Bengaluru. Through innovative solutions and diverse, globally renowned products, we've been focused on the growth of the aerospace sector in India. Powering more than 50% of the Wide Body Aircraft to and from India, we are poised to become an engineering hub in the region and are committed to growing our local footprint for high-end technology. We're looking for talented professionals for our expanding footprint in Bengaluru. We're committed to creating exciting career opportunities and you'll have a real sense of pride in working on innovative projects and delivering excellence for our customers across the world. Key Accountabilities Develop, implement, validate, maintain and continuously improve manufacturing processes and / or methods of manufacture which are capable of meeting and continuing to meet requirements for safety, quality, cost, delivery rate and lead time. Plan the method of inspection (dimensional and attribute) to ensure design intent is met and maintained. Design, specify and successfully integrate measurement systems into the method of manufacture. Capture, analyse and use data to demonstrate and improve the current and future capability of manufacturing processes. Work with interfacing teams, local experts, partners and suppliers to ensure technical aspects of manufacturing processes are understood and accounted for as required. Create, optimize and validate Automated Coordinate Measurement System application part programs. Identify and develop opportunities for new or improved manufacturing processes and technologies to meet current or future requirements. Manage and maintain the integrity of business related data in support of manufacturing processes. Identify, document and share best practice; capture and utilise lessons learned. Plan and manage activities, communicating current status to relevant stakeholders. Ensure the change to product method or source is controlled appropriately. Ensure product integrity for component or system is delivered through alignment of Method of Manufacture with Design Intent by interfacing with appropriate Design Engineering organization. Ensure manufacturing processes comply with all legal requirements (regulatory, HS&E, etc) and customer requirements. Comply with RRMS and SABRe. Ensure export control and intellectual property requirements are satisfied. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Engineering Manager Keyskills sap development system programming pdm methods aerospace benefits sabre power systems intellectual property Desired Candidate Profile Educated to degree level or equivalent, in mechanical or a related discipline. Aerospace experience preferred. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of Manufacturing Engineering Processes, Gage R&R, Measurement Capability assessments ,SPC & Management of Non-Conformance. General awareness of Manufacturing Systems (CAD, CAM, CAPP, Manufacturing Execution System, PDM, SAP, etc.) relevant to the business. Hands on experience in Automated Measurement System Programming in MODUS 1.6 and above using REVO. Exposure to other CMM software's will be an added advantage. Demonstrated knowledge of Processes, Change, Methods, Programming Strategies by commodity. Experience to ensure that the method of manufacture is validated to meet the design specification. Able to apply the product definition requirements in order to select suitable measuring equipment. Experience in planning the method of inspection (dimensional and attribute) to ensure design intent is met and maintained. Experience in creating, optimizing and validating Automated Coordinate Measurement System application part programs. Systems include Contact and Non-contact dimensional measurement systems. We offer excellent development prospects, along with a competitive salary and exceptional benefits. Innovation is in our DNA at Rolls-Royce. We create integrated power solutions that continually break new ground across multiple markets. Create the next generation of innovation. Join us and you'll develop your skills and expertise to the very highest levels, working in an international environment for a company known the world over for its excellence and innovation. Trusted to deliver excellence. We are an equal opportunities employer. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Mechanical Company Profile: Rolls Royce India Private Ltd. Rolls-Royce India Private Ltd. Rolls-Royce started its journey in India over 80 years ago with the powering of the first Tata Aviation aircraft with Gypsy engines. We have continually expanded our footprint and are now a key player in the critical growth sectors of aerospace, marine, and energy with our integrated power systems. We have progressed from licensed production and engineering services to component manufacturing and supply chain activities. We're proud to have a strong presence in India, and are excited about our growing future in Bengaluru. Through innovative solutions and diverse, globally renowned products, we are poised to become an engineering hub in the region. We support government's 'Make in India' initiative and are committed to strengthening our local footprint for high-end technology in the growing aerospace sector in India. We're searching for talented engineers to help us shape the future of Rolls-Royce in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details