TITLE: Lead - Product Analyst Software

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : The Product Owner I participates in the agile requirements and design portion of engineering efforts, to include assisting in defining business requirements, developing test plans, training guides, video overviews and internal trainings on the new development. Essential Responsibilities : To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 1. Responsible for managing the tactical planning and execution of the product vision as communicated by the Product Manager. 2. Manages the sprint planning and backlog content. Required to reassess the priority of items within the backlog. 3. Responsible for managing the technical execution of the product vision through collaboration with product management, engineering management and product team members. Ultimately responsible for the content and priorities of each development sprint. 4. Accountable for maximizing return on investment (ROI) by identifying product features, translating these into a priorities list; deciding which should be at the top of the list for the next sprint and continually re-prioritizing and refining the list. 5. Reports status and issues to business analyst team leader or Product Manager. 6. Documents business requirements. 7. Assists in the development of training guides and test plans. 8. Collaborates with the Interaction Design Team. 9. Participates in interviews and observations with on clients business requirements. 10. Performs other duties as assigned. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Product Analysis Product Management Business Analysis Engineering Management Interaction Design Tactical Planning Team Leading product Analyst product development Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements: Quality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required4. Establish a commitment to quality and communicate the importance of meeting statutory, regulatory and customer requirements. Ensure quality policy is understood, implemented and maintained at all levels of the organization. Establish and communicate quality objectives that are measurable and consistent with the quality policy.5. Maintain adequate organizational structures and adequate resources of sufficiently trained personnel. Ensure qualified personnel relative to assigned responsibilities. Ensure appropriate responsibility, independence and authority of all personnel who manage, perform and assess work affecting quality.Required Qualifications:1. Bachelors Degree in Product Management, Marketing, Engineering, Business Administration, healthcare or related field2. 5+ years experience in product management, product development, or related field3. Excellent oral and written communications skills4. Strong analytical and process skills5. Strong project management skills6. Ability to work effectively within a matrix environmentDesired Characteristics :1. MBA or Masters degree in Marketing, Business Administration or related field.2. Degree and practice in a clinical discipline3. 7+ years experience in product management, product development or related field.4. Healthcare product/industry/technical acumen5. Demonstrates ability to problem solve6. Team oriented - ability to motivate and work well with diverse, cross-functional teams7. Proven ability to work globally8. Proven ability to influence and negotiate internally and with customers Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details