TITLE: Senior Javascript Developer and Data Visualisation Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * We are an upcoming startup providing real estate management services. * We are looking to hire a developer engineer to work on our Node.JS + React.JS + Mongo + Cordova stack. It is a comprehensive role involving server side, client side and mobile app development out of one single code stack. * You shall be responsible for mapping and automating core business processes of our company to this platform. Your role will also heavily involve big data visualization. You will also be working closely with our data science team and will have an opportunity to learn and implement machine learning based solutions. * The candidate should have excellent engineering skills and be good at mathematics. He should have relevant experience on the above mentioned stack and the aptitude to fill the gaps in what he doesnt know. * We are a small and crisp team and we look for candidates who are intelligent and hungry to learn and can take full ownership of projects. You will get ample opportunity here to make important contributions to the company and upgrade and learn new skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Machine Learning Management Services MongoDB Node.js Twitter Bootstrap Angular.JS PhoneGap Cordova React.js Desired Candidate Profile SkillsMongoDB, Node.js, Twitter Bootstrap, Angular.JS, PhoneGap/Cordova, React.js. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Pin Click - Startup We are a full service residential real estate platform with city based teams of advisors who are enabled with technology tools to make customers search and decision making simpler, faster and more effective. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details