TITLE: Manager / Sr. Manager - Marketing ( Alloys Steel )

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Development: Handling the Alloys Steel business of the company. To Coordinate Sales and handle of the customer. Handling Alloys steel Business. Processing inquiries and quotations, and preparation of contract review. To maintain customer relations by providing quality material to them and timely commitments. Creating and processing of Sales order, and material follow up with PPC and plant. Maintaining daily and weekly performance reports. Payments follow-ups. Preparation and processing of credit and debit notes. Developing new clients by comparative study of market variable such as cost, etc. and providing them with superior service. Conducting extensive market research to analyze and assess market potential, tracking competitor activities for providing valuable inputs to fine-tune selling & marketing strategies. Developing relationships with decision makers and key buyers in negotiation stages. Sales & Marketing Accountable for managing overall business operations for marketing of Alloy Steel and strategic planning for Alloys Steel in OEM Sectors. Responsible for Sales & Marketing of Alloys Steel in OEM Sectors. Experience of marketing head for development of Alloys Steel in domestic market. Engaged in planning and marketing of value added steel. Devising & effectuating competitive selling programs/strategies to improve the product awareness and enhance business growth. Reviewing and interpreting the competition (through in-depth analysis of market information) to finalise the marketing strategy and ensure profitable growth. Co-ordination head and in-charge for Alloys Steel Marketing. Launching / introducing new products as a part of diversification marketing development effort. Customer Relationship Management: Addressing to customer complaints and providing timely and accurate solutions to them. Interfacing with customers, mapping their requirements & handling product customization. Providing prompt & superior customer support & building market credibility through loyalty programs for the same. Developing effective relationship with significant clients to ascertain rendering of quality service and achieving customer delight for business retention/enhancement. Customer profitability analysis, identifying areas of improvement for maintaining better customer relationship. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Iron and Steel Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Sales Marketing Strategy Business Development Strategic Planning Product Awareness Market Research Loyalty Programs Selling Relationship Management Customer Relationship Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Metallurgy PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: D-Tech Management Resource (India) Pvt. Ltd. We Are Pleased To Introduce Ourselves As Management Consultants Dealing In Various Functional Area Of Management Including Recruitment Services, Specialized In Steel Induristries.. D-Tech. is one of the India's leading HR Consulting Firms, We are serving across the Global including Clients in India & Overseas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details