TITLE: Senior Manager - Presales - IT

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities : - Translate client objectives and requirements in AMS RFPs into winning solution concept for specific deals,based on service offerings and capabilities - Understand and incorporate apt process, tools & accelerators in the solutions. - Manage, technically control and ensure high quality delivery and quality assurance framework and established norms. - Participate in AMS strategic initiatives to industrialize the solutions process and to enhance the competitiveness of AM proposals. - Act as a member of a high-performance organization by engaging in value add activities that leverage the collective capabilities of the team - Participate in solution reviews with the leadership team deliverables - Develop compelling AMS solution that includes, but not limited to;Governance & Delivery model, staffing, location and coverage, service levels, differentiated and contextualised value adds, transformation approach, etc. - Produce high-quality presentations, responses to RFPs, etc. on time - Maintain a win plus down selection rate of 60% on pursuits worked on or owned - Participate in Pre-Sales activities post the submission and willingness to travel whenever the opportunity demands and situation arises - Actively contribute to group's initiatives in terms of strategy, execution and continual improvement - Maintain a high utilization rate on pursuit activities and initiatives (- 85%) - Formal/ informal contribution to the team through knowledge/ information sharing. Required Skill : - Worked in AMS pre-sales role on RFP and RFI responses, preferably in Application management outsourcing. - Experience with AD solutioning will be an added advantage - Excellent verbal and writing skills a must, Sales or Marketing capabilities will be an added advantage - Good understanding of AMS Estimation, pricing methods and commercial aspects - Good understanding of Service level (SLAs), service credits/ penalties - Exposure to due-diligence, portfolio analysis, transition, roll out, refresh processes will be preferred - Good hands on skill on MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) required - Good understanding of the competitive bidding scenario, the competitors and bench markers - Be proactive, flexible and display the appropriate level of creativeness in delivering solutions. - Good team player and ability to mentor and guide junior members is important. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Pre Sales Role:Pre Sales Consultant Keyskills RFP Presales Sales Marketing Strategy Bidding Senior Management Application Management Service Level Writing Skills pre - sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: MindGen Solutions MindGen Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details