TITLE: Dgm-regional Head Service Delivery- Leading Telecom-bangalore

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgently hiring for Regional Head Service Delivery-Leading telecom Location-Bangalore Job Title Regional Head Service Delivery Reporting Structure (Organogram): Regional Head Service Delivery=>Head - Service Delivery Ops (Aggregator)=>Head - Service Delivery Job Designation /DGM Key Responsibilities To lead the Service Delivery Operations including SD Operations, Feasibility, Program Management, Access Management, Installation & Restoration (I&R) Customer Premises. Position covers following key responsibilities To plan and execute the Service Delivery Operations for the region including above functions Systems, Processes and Procedures. Responsible to achieve Revenue / EBIDTA Target for the region. Service Delivery Operations Responsible for tracking of end-to-end deliverables, monitoring and flag for its deliveries in time; starting from Resource planning, Execution planning, Material planning to deliveries for the region. Responsible for service delivery cycle time for all Products of Network services and manage services. Feasibility Responsible for feasibility check within defined TATs for the projects undertaken in the region. Responsible To Coordinate with all Basic service Operators, Local Cable Operator, 3rd Party Service Providing Vendors ( Lease Fiber/ Last Mile RF on lease) to ensure best possibility for leads declaring as feasible. Responsible to Provide 90% + Lead to Positive Feasibility. Access Management Responsible to lead biggest regional access team among all Regions. Responsible to Manage 7500Km Copper Network, 2200 DSLAM Sites, 2000Km Overhead Fiber Network, 1100 Metro E Sites & .....DLC. . I&R Responsible to provide quality services to 50K Broadband Customers, 75K Wireline Voice Customer, 4K DATA Circuits, and other Services PRI, Walky, Wireless DATA and Voice. Responsible to Install 2000 BB Connections, 1500 Wireline Voice, 500 Data Ckts, 300 PRIs, 500 Walky, Responsible to Manage Installation and Repair Vendors (I&FR) to facilitate all above mentioned Installation and Base. Project Management Project Manage deliverables w.r.t. Time, cost, resources, quality and risk. General Responsible to Maintain technical documentation of processes and procedures used in Service Delivery Operations. Third Party Management - Responsible for Managing vendors, agencies, 3rd Parties, BSOs infra service provider for service delivery and lease of infra-structure for the region. Relationship Management - Develop and manage a strong alliance in the region with internal/external stake-holders to improve the predictability of deliverables better SLA and QOS readiness for new services and cost effective solution. Compliance - Responsible for TRAI QoS Compliance for service delivery operations, Access Management, Program Management. Process Improvement - Plan cost reduction initiatives thru IT, process or people, while delivering the service lifecycle. Contribute actively in IT change requirements that will define smooth service delivery for enhanced customer experience. Salary:INR 17,00,000 - 22,50,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills service delivery service delivery operations service delivery manager operations service management operations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Samridhi Placements a leading telecom a placement firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details