TITLE: We are Hiring for Product Manager in Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you interested in working for a Global leader in Ecommerce? Are you excited about building highly scalable applications that are accessed by millions of users every day? Do you think that you could be a part of team architecting the next generation Ecommerce platform? Does the thought of working with a global team of highly talented engineers to solve complex problems using latest technologies stimulate you? If so, read on to find out more about this opportunity. About the Company It is one of the worlds leading e-Commerce and Internet Services Company. It is a B2B2C e-commerce platform, is the largest in Japan and among the worlds largest by sales. The Group provides a variety of consumer- and business-focused services including e-commerce, e-Books & e-Reading, travel, banking, securities, credit card, e-money, portal and media, online marketing and professional sports. A few key highlights about them. Japan's largest e-Commerce company Pioneer in B2B2C marketplace model for online commerce One of the largest internet companies in the world Operates globally in 30 countries such as Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore, USA, UK, France, Germany and Canada etc., Ranked among the worlds Top 20 Most Innovative Companies in Forbes Magazine annual list Operates globally with presence in Asia, Europe, and Americas They also own Viber instant messaging application, Kobo e-Reader, Wuaki on-demand streaming content, and Viki video sharing and subtitling application Description: The ideal candidate should have an extensive background in product management with demonstrated experience working in a cross-functional capacity and a proven track record of delivering successful products involving ecommerce product catalog data. In addition to deriving platform & service requirements for the engineering teams, you will also have product ownership & service planning responsibility that includes product management, service delivery and operations of the crawling platform in a fast paced Agile environment Key Responsibilities: Coordinate crawler platform & Service initiatives and projects between the business & engineering team. Derive platform roadmap, strategy & service release schedule collaborating all stakeholders. Define product requirements and write scrum stories with business context, use cases and acceptance criteria. Support product definition, goals and requirements with solid data. Prepare and present executive management updates on key initiatives. Communicate clearly at all levels in the organization, including senior management. Work cross-functionally to manage bottlenecks, anticipate and make trade-offs, balance the business needs versus technical constraints, and maximize business benefit while building great customer experiences. Work in an agile environment Required Skills: Minimum of 5 years experience as a Product Manager in a B2B environment. With overall 10+ years of experience. Bachelors degree in engineering, business or related fields (MBA or advanced degree preferred) Demonstrated domain experience with web crawling with core knowledge of technologies and applications of web crawling. Demonstrated success defining and launching large scale product & service platforms. Significant, relevant experience in the product roadmap, service planning & strategy, Organizational Development, Human Resources & Training Possess critical abilities such as thinking strategically, as well as tactically, and ability to successfully prioritize tasks in order to ensure that all projects are on schedule Display initiative and flexibility, detail oriented, and ability to effectively work on multiple projects simultaneously Excellent teamwork skills including the ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work effectively with other departments within the organization Knowledge of commonly-used collaboration tools supporting agile process like JIRA, Confluence, story boarding. Must be able to travel domestically and internationally up to 20% of the time Fluency in English and Japanese (preferred but not required). Salary: Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Online Marketing Sales B2B Product Management Strategy Senior Management Product Service Executive Management Mba Planning Crawler Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Prolim Solutions India Private Limited. PROLIM is a leading provider of end - to - end IT, PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improve their profitability and efficiency by providing high-value technology consulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details