TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform detailed design based on provided high level design specifications. Assist in system planning, scheduling and implementation. Build enhancements (including new product features) and resolve bugs. Build and execute unit test and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Interact with QA and porting engineering about problems in the code. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 year of software engineering or related experience. You will be a part of Accounts Payables team of Oracle Fusion Applications - Financial Suite Payables is corner stone product in Procure- To- Pay life cycle. Payables basically captures and recreates invoice provided by the supplier for goods / services delivered. Payable not only integrates with most of the products with in financial like SLA, Etax, Fedral, Payaments, Fixed Assets but also products from other families like Purchasing, Projects. Please refer http: / / www- apps.us.oracle.com: 1100/ ap for more information on product Skills: 4 Years of development experience Excellent skills in coding, debugging, performance tuning skills in Java, J2EE, SQL, PL- SQL, RDBMS concepts Excellent knowledge of Development framework, design patterns, Web servers Excellent problem solving, analytical and prioritization skills Self- starter, Customer- focused, aggressive, ability to find solutions Multi- tasking Personal Profile: Creative, analytical, adaptive, good team player, committed to quality, self motivated Prior experience of Oracle Applications / ADF technologies would be added advantage For more details please contact: atul.kulkarni@oracle.com Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details