TITLE: Acct Mgr

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Great sales are the result of strong purpose, conviction and pride - pride in your ability and your product. At OptumHealth we. re on a mission to change the face of health care. Bring along your passion and do your life's best work. (sm)OptumHealth Specialty Benefits is dedicated to providing high-quality ancillary products that are affordable and easy to use. The Specialty Benefits group product portfolio includes Dental, Vision, Life, Disability and Stop Loss. Perform a variety of account management functions related to the continued growth, profitability and retention of quality business and development of solid relationships with key producers. - Participate actively in renewal business proposal activity, profiling the group, requesting underwriting or other data necessary to perform reliable, defensible prospect case calculations for pricing and quoting. - Develop and maintain thorough working knowledge of established rating, quoting and procedure guidelines to ensure the necessary uniformity and consistency in completing assigned account management activities and meeting accountabilities- Perform customer service responsibilities including, but not limited to, information correspondence with clients and producers, communications with home office staff in answering questions, negotiating rates or providing case information, expedition materials (i. e. applications, disclosures, etc. ) needed to manage the established book of business and gathering reliable data for underwriting. - Add value to sales and account management process by coordinating telephone discussions, face-to-face meetings, scheduling quarterly and annual meetings and preparing/ distributing account reports, as requested. - Develop relationships with producers to assist in up sell opportunities as directed by sales staff- Responsible for account management across a specific region. Create and support the implementation of strategic plans for assigned region- Support and participate in sales presentations and processes- Responsible for training and updating information related to customers across OptumHealth Specialty Benefits- Measure and report on persistency rates and issues associated with regionJob Description:The Sales/ Account Manager serve as the primary business contact for the client and is responsible for client satisfaction. The Sales/ AM is expected to consistently establish excellent relationship with the customers, as well as represent client needs and goals to consistently improve service delivery quality by engaging support teams and Account Management leadership as and when required. In addition, the Sales AM should build relationships with clients to encourage new and repeat business opportunities. Responsibilities:? Responsible for all client communications, conflict resolution, and compliance on client deliverables and revenue. ? Reviews all major deliverables to ensure quality standards and client expectations are met. ? Ensures that client issues are dealt with in an efficient manner, informing the Account Head of any problems that may arise. ? Owns the contract and contract renewals for new work for an existing client. ? Approves Change Orders and invoices, and is responsible for payment collections. ? Works closely with the Account Management team in order to maintain a continuous knowledge of contract in order to identify potential issues and/ or opportunities within or related to the contract. ? Ensures that all processes and procedures are completed, quality standards are met, and that contracts are profitable. ? Aware and in pursuit of opportunities for account growth and new business, involving the Account Head. ? Communicates the client's goals and represent the client's interests to the team. ? Provides regular two-way communication between the client and team, to provide strong team representation and set proper client expectations. ? Understanding of company capabilities and service, and effectively communicates all offerings to the client. ? Reports to the Account Head, providing regular input on all account activity, including status and call reports on a monthly basis. Requirements:? Proven Account Management skills required in order to create, maintain and enhance customer relationships? Minimum 3 years of Sales/ Account management experience? Extremely detail oriented? Technical competence (understand MS office)? Motivated, goal oriented, persistent and a skilled negotiator? High level of initiative and work well in a team environment? Excellent written and oral communication skills? Handles stressful situations and deadline pressures well? Plans and carries out responsibilities with minimal direction? Graduate degreeMust maintain a valid passport and be able to travel internationally on occasion Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Acct Mgr Desired Candidate Profile Bachelor's degree or 3 years healthcare sales/ account management experience. 3 years experience handling complex and difficult accounts. 3 years data analytics experience 3 years experience working with the Microsoft Office Suite to include word, excel, PowerPoint. 3 years experience working in partnership with claims, marketing and customer service 3 years experience working in healthcare delivery system. Sales insurance license must be maintained as required by state law. Must maintains a valid driver's license. Willingness to travel as required. UnitedHealth Group is working to create the health care system of tomorrow. Already Fortune 6, we are totally focused on innovation and change. We work a little harder. We aim a little higher. We expect more from ourselves and each other. And at the end of the day, we're doing a lot of good. Through our family of businesses and a lot of inspired individuals, we're building a high-performance health care system that works better for more people in more ways than ever. Now we're looking to reinforce our team with people who are decisive, brilliant - and built for speed. Come to UnitedHealth Group, and share your ideas and your passion for doing more. We have roles that will fit your skills and knowledge. We have diverse opportunities that will fit your dreams. Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: UnitedHealth Group UnitedHealth Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details