TITLE: Practice Manager/regional Head - Executive Search Firm

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Preferred Candidate Profile: 1. From a reputed B-School 2. From the executive search industry 3. Has been an entrepreneur for at least 2 years The Role : Practice Manager (Regional Head) : A Practice Manager plays an anchor role in the team. Leading the team from the front, he/she is responsible for the overall deliverables of the team (targets), overall satisfaction and retention of clients, answering and convincing candidates (those which consultants are unable to convince) and development of team members in terms of technical and behavioral competencies. This would imply that the leader himself / herself should have mastered the skills in order to gain respect and subsequently develop the members of the team. Key Responsibilities : - In this role, you would be in charge of a team of consultants managing the South region for ACH. - You would have to motivate your team by helping them achieve their set revenue targets. - Troubleshoot escalated issues from your team. - Client relationships are very important and so you'd be meeting with the existing clients frequently to understand their needs and make sure they are fulfilled and strengthen the existing relationship. - Revival of lost clients and adding new ones to the portfolio will be part of the job. - Understanding the clients mandate & clients industry - Understanding specific requirements of the client & Role - Awareness of various sources from which candidates can be sourced for the role - Hands on experience / operational knowledge of how to use these various sources - Engage and build a rapport with prospective candidates - Assist the client, if required, in the salary negotiation process of the final candidate. Along with HR, monitor team deliverables on a monthly basis & put in place and execute development plans for each team member Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Practice Manager Regional Head Recruitment Recruitment Sales Key Account Management Client Services Desired Candidate Profile Skills :- Have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal- Sector wise knowledge- Ability to read and assess CV's- Be tactful and articulate- Have a good eye for detail- Key Account Management Skills- A good negotiator- Ability to build and sustain relationshipsCTC : Indicated CTC will include fixed and variable component. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details