TITLE: Associate - Strategic Analytics

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This an excellent opportunity for an individual who thrives in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment where strong analytical skills, business acumen, and superior communication skills are leveraged. As part of the Credit Line Assignment Team, you will report to the Manager in Bangalore and perform quantitative and qualitative analysis on new credit card accounts to determine the optimal credit line assignment to provide. Expectations include assisting in developing, maintaining, and improving program policies, strategies, processes and procedures within the assigned function, conducting complex analysis and providing accurate and concise results with recommendations to management. Primarily use advanced tools and techniques to perform assigned work. You will be responsible for owning processes and will be accountable for regular reporting or process administration. Key Activities Proactively seeks, finds and recommends opportunities to improve customer experience, processes, policies and profit for our company. Provides accurate and concise results and presents findings, recommendations and presentations to Senior Management. Proactively finds work/analysis that helps us achieve our goals. Expected to work on multiple projects with limited guidance. Effectively mentors other analysts within same risk team and other risk teams to help them develop their risk management skills and knowledge. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills unix mainframe analytics accounts risk management functions procedures financial services tools pc Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a quantitative discipline; Math, Finance, Statistics, Economics or equivalent work/training is required; advanced degree is preferred. 5 years of related analytical experience Strong knowledge and understanding of financial services Strong analytical, technical and statistical skills. Ability to synthesize / analyze diverse information, develops recommendations, and makes decisions. Project Management Skills -- well-organized, structured approach. Ability to achieve tight timelines on complex deliverables. Ability to manage and prioritize projects across cross-functional groups. Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to interact with individuals across departments / functions and with senior-level individuals. 3 years of SAS programming experience (PC, UNIX or mainframe). Highly proficient in Microsoft Office suite of products Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details