TITLE: Python Developer/lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mandatory skills* 5 yrs - 14yrs of defining and realizing a solution in complex and large systems.* Knowledgeable and hands-on with Python web frameworks( Flask/Django) and familiarity with event driven programming in Python* Solid understanding of design patterns and applicability in various design scenarios to handle low latency, scalable , high performance application* Proven track record in build, implementing and supporting of Web frameworks * Solid understanding of RESTful APIs, web services, Relational/No SQL databases.* Hands on experience in handling Database interactions with Python* Good understanding of API centric architecture - across web browser client platforms.* Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems/environment* Basic understanding of front end technologies like HTML5,Javascript and CSS3* Knowledge of developing/managing applications in Microservice architecture and familiarity with containers platforms like Doc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Python Six Sigma PMP .NET HTML JavaScript SQL Oracle assembly language Real Time Operating Systems Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Tata Elxsi Ltd Tata Elxsi Ltd Tata Elxsi Ltd. is a part of the $ 22 Billion Tata Group of Companies. Seamlessly integrating precision and ingenuity, our abilities stem from our creative leadership in hard-core technology and strength in design. Augmenting these capabilities is our expertise across our practice areas to provide point services and end-to-end solutions across the product lifecycle. From Automotive to Aerospace, Bioinformatics to Consumer Electronics, Entertainment to FMCG, media to Storage, Semicon to Telecom, we provide customized design solutions to companies across the globe. Conforming to strict processes, a highly motivated skilled workforce driven by strong design principles! And ethical business practices ensure cost-effective, time-to-market solutions. Touching people's lives in myriad ways! , Tata Elxsi's solutions can impact directly or subtly, leaving a mark of excellence in its wake. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details