TITLE: Analyst /Sr. Analyst - Controller - Global Finance India

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this F&BM Analyst Controllers Job Description Partner with Financial/ Legal entity Controllers to prepare & review financial statements across different JP Morgan legal entities and geographies. Work with various teams to research, escalate, and clear exceptions to the general ledger and other interfacing systems in a timely manner to ensure the integrity of ledger/ risk management systems. Perform monthly General ledger Reconciliation & Substantiation process. Adherence to various regulatory reporting requirements when performing the reporting / month end close process Support various lines of business with business wise - performance reporting and their query resolution Ensuring appropriateness of reference data for account hierarchies Perform various reconciliations (Account level, system, inter-company etc) to ensure financial and reporting integrity. Participate in user acceptance tests during projects on system implementation/ changes & other business initiatives. Qualifications Fresher roles - CA, MBA s in Finance Experienced Roles - CA/ MBA s with 2-4 years of relevant experience (Controller experience is preferred) Bachelor s degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business with 4 years relevant experience. Skills Technical - Good accounting and finance skills along with the ability to analyze numbers. Good knowledge of banking products e.g. Securities, derivatives etc. Ability to understand / comprehend data flows and its impacts across the ledger, RMS & reporting systems along with their interrelationships and dependencies. Excellent MS Excel (data manipulation, macros, v-lookups, pivot tables) / MS Access/ MS PowerPoint skill sets Ability to understand business drivers/ requirements and influence partners to deliver solutions to business problems Soft skills - Ability to build strong partnerships across various stakeholder groups at onshore location and within Bengaluru through proactive and strong communication. Enthusiastic, self-motivated, strong interest in learning, resourceful under pressure and willing to take accountability Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task in a constantly changing environment Able to critically challenge the present with the objective to improve and enhance the function Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills Willing to work in shifts Adapt in accordance with changing / conflicting priorities and excel during enhanced demand situations due to trading / month end deadlines on the deliverables etc Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills reconciliation general ledger soft skills derivatives macros ms access risk management ledger financial statements reference data Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications Fresher roles - CA, MBA s in Finance Experienced Roles - CA/ MBA s with 2-4 years of relevant experience (Controller experience is preferred) Bachelor s degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business with 4 years relevant experience. Skills Technical - Good accounting and finance skills along with the ability to analyze numbers. Good knowledge of banking products e.g. Securities, derivatives etc. Ability to understand / comprehend data flows and its impacts across the ledger, RMS & reporting systems along with their interrelationships and dependencies. Excellent MS Excel (data manipulation, macros, v-lookups, pivot tables) / MS Access/ MS PowerPoint skill sets Ability to understand business drivers/ requirements and influence partners to deliver solutions to business problems Soft skills - Ability to build strong partnerships across various stakeholder groups at onshore location and within Mumbai through proactive and strong communication. Enthusiastic, self-motivated, strong interest in learning, resourceful under pressure and willing to take accountability Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task in a constantly changing environment Able to critically challenge the present with the objective to improve and enhance the function Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills Willing to work in shifts Adapt in accordance with changing / conflicting priorities and excel during enhanced demand situations due to trading / month end deadlines on the deliverables etc Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:CA, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details