TITLE: Specialist Engineer, Data Sciences

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Data Scientist, you play a crucial role in solving the unique challenges that arise as we bring the next billion people online. You mine one of the biggest repositories of user insight in India working in areas such as recommender systems, user modeling, spam filtering, fraud detection, conversation and emotion modeling, social graph mining, graph search, viral growth modeling, churn modeling etc. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES . You create intelligent and highly relevant experiences in our products that wow our users. . You analyze peta-scale data to train ML models and evaluate them with the right metrics. . You work with engineers to create ML pipelines that process and mine massive scale data. . You partner with product managers to make data driven decisions and help solve the right problems for our users. . You champion the culture of experimentation and enable the team to live the Hike code Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills Specialist Engineer Data Sciences Data Scientist machine learning Solr ML - Pack Vowpal Wabbit LibSVM Mallet Desired Candidate Profile KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES . B.Tech/M.Tech/ PhD from a reputed institution. Masters/ PhD is preferred.. 4+ years of relevant experience applying machine learning, statistics, text-mining, social network analysis, information retrieval, information extraction, AI, deep learning etc.. Strong depth and breadth of knowledge in different areas of data mining as well as reasonable programming and design skills to manipulate Big Data and build prototypes that work on massive datasets.. Work experience in an Internet company preferred.. Strong programming experience in at least one of the programming languages such as - Python, C/C++, Java, Scala. Experience in using tools such as Scikit-Learn, Spark MLlib, R, Weka, GATE, Cluto, Solr. / Lucene, ML-Pack, Vowpal Wabbit, LibSVM, Mallet etc.. Peer reviewed publications at top international conferences/ journals in fields related to data mining, knowledge discovery and machine learning is a plus.. Experience in handling big data technologies such as Hadoop/ MapReduce, Spark, HBase, Cassandra, Storm, Hive, Pig etc. is a plus.. Exceptional problem-solving skills and strong business/ product thinking. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D Company Profile: Hike- Startup Hike's mission is to reimagine messaging as 1 billion people come online on mobile devices that are faster and more powerful than the first set of PC's. It is our belief that messaging will do to mobile what browser did to desktop, only 100 times over. Hike today has over 100 million users and monthly messaging volume of 40 billion and is amongst the top 5 most used services in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details