TITLE: QA Analyst 2- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will design, install and evaluate quality control methods and systems. Design continuing maintenance of product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance and methods. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. A of 1 year of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Development, execution and maintenance of automation assets.Work with team that develops, applies and maintains quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintain documentation of test results. Analyze test results and recommends corrective actions BE/ BTech/ MTech/ MCA with excellent working knowledge on automation tools eg like QTP / OATS / Selenium etc is a must. The candidate should have 2 years of total experience. Exposure to any ERP will be preferred, candidate willing to learn and explore application and integration aspects, enthusiastically as an internal customer. Leads a specialized area which may have diverse functional elements. Frequently interacts with supervisors and/ or functional peer group managers. Interacts with senior management as required. Strong communication, analytical, technical and documentation skills. Thorough understanding of quality assurance processes and life cycle. Programming skills (Java) , database concepts and SQL, Proficiency in at- least one prominent testing tool, Exposure to automation challenges, Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details