TITLE: Hospital Pharmacist (karnataka Registration Mandatory)

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dr. Malathi Manipal Hospital #45/1, 45th Cross, 9th Block,Â Jayanagar, Bangalore-560069 Job Description: Receive and interpret prescriptions from Customers Check medicine availability in the pharmacy. Select medicines as per the presciptions, if unavailable arrange for medicine substitutes after getting doctors approval Check medicine quantity, batch and expiry Maintain inventory records Crosscheck with the prescriptions provided Assist in advising patients regarding drug dosage as required Stock take and check for expiry every month, maintain adequate stock levels Assist in ordering and receive medicines from pharmacy stores Ensure proper handling and storage of drugs in pharmacy Ensure all the activities in the pharmacy bulk store are carried out as per protocol Manage pharmacy counter Karnataka Drug Control Registration is a mandatory. Salary: Salary will depend on Candidate's Qualification, Years of Experience and Interview Feedback Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Pharmacist/Chemist/Bio Chemist Keyskills Stock Taking Dispensing pharmacy Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Dr. Malathi Manipal Hospital At Manipal Hospitals, we don't just work, we also learn as we do it and without a doubt have fun doing it! As a result of this, working at Manipal is an experience one looks forward to rather than just a job one reports to every morning. This engaging and inclusive culture has boded well for the thousands of happy employees over the years will continue to do so for the many others. We will always work as a close knit team that thrives on healthy teamwork and the satisfaction of being there for one another. That's why, when an employee joins us, it is like our family has a new addition. We have always believed in the power of the human potential and consider our employees to be our greatest assets. It is often said that , "An organisation is only as good as the people it keeps" and we believe every word of this. A large part of our success is thanks to our highly motivated workforce from diverse personal and professional backgrounds who get together in the medical and non-medical fields to effectively and effectively run this hospital. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details