TITLE: Market Research Analyst

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Devise and evaluate methods for collecting data, such as surveys, questionnaires, and opinion polls. Gather data about industries, companies, competitors, consumer, and market conditions. Analyze data using statistical software. Convert complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs, and written reports. Prepare reports and present results to management and clients. Salary:INR 60,000 - 80,000 P.A. Based ON Qualification AND WORK Schedule. Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Research Associate Keyskills MARKET RESEARCHER CONSULTANT ANALYST FREELANCER Desired Candidate Profile Candidate should be based in Gurgaon, Delhi, Bangalore or Pune, and must have a bachelors degree and at least three years work experience in market research, marketing or sales. Candidate should be able to analyze data, meet deadlines and write concise and clear reports. Candidate should have strong analytical and communication skills, and should be detail oriented. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Mihras Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Mihras Consulting Pvt Ltd.( Mihras Consulting) is a full range business research, analysis and consulting firm serving global companies that span multiple industries. Mihras Consulting is a subsidiary of Mithras Investment, LLC, which has advised top 500 U.S. corporations conducting multi-million dollar deals through out the past decade. Mihras Consulting offers its work force the exciting opportunity to work on resolving complex issues for worldwide industry leaders. With no project like the last, our staff and consultant are constantly challenged and are always learning. Mihras Consulting offers competitive pay, flexibility and ample opportunity for career advancement. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details