TITLE: Applications Developer - Associate

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About JP Morgan JP Morgan is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $1.3 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. Under its JP Morgan and Chase brands the firm is a leader in investment banking, consumer financial services, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. About the team Currencies Technology supports the business goals of the Global FX business for all technology delivery, having direct application development responsibility for key business systems and an overall end-to-end remit for systems implementation across the Currencies business. The team consists of people based in London, Mumbai, Houston, New York, Singapore, Tokyo and Sydney. The group is divided into small, highly motivated, agile teams. Software deliveries are typically frequent and the team members are expected to be multi-disciplined and flexible in their approach, working in all areas of the solution space. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills unix core java development shell scripting mca automation pl sql python application development agile Desired Candidate Profile The role is within IB Technology FX ECom Core team. The developer would work in Agile operating model with Scrum leads, developers and Operational staff in designing and coding, testing, deployment and environment management for application developed in C /python/Core Java. Qualification & Experience: At least 6-9 years of extensive experience on UNIX platform including scripting, Python, release management etc.) Good knowledge of Unix, Network, shell scripting, python, good knowledge of C , compilation, knowledge of pl/sql Good working knowledge and understanding of Release Implementation process during life cycle of project Good knowledge of makefile, configuration management, Jenkins, version control (GIT/SVN). Strong hands on experience in build automation and scripting, understanding of Configuration Management methodologies, principles, practices and tools administration (Jenkins) Strong troubleshooting skills Scope and main functions of role Maintenance of support models for tools in configuration management and automation. Participate in improvements and innovations of process & tools associated with function. Provide consultancy to development managers/project owners on processes and tools Participating in Implementation planning, release management and review meetings. Participate in audit of control process for release and configurable items. Review accuracy of base lining and configuration management for products and projects Work on various infrastructure requirement related to storage for DB/App servers etc. Performs and Monitors Release Builds, e.g. migrates build artifacts to appropriate deployment, test, and production environments Develops and maintains documentation of the build/release process General skills/competencies : Verbal and written communication skills Should be a team player. Self starter, independent. Organized and structured in your work. Dedicated with a strong sense of ownership. Open minded and mature Qualifications B.E or any graduate/post graduate (ME/MTech/MCA) with C , Python, shell scripting, Database experience. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details