TITLE: Lead Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About this Opportunity The Target Technology Services (TTS) team designs and creates innovative solutions for a variety of applications, platforms and environments. TTS not only gives Target a competitive advantage in the marketplace, but also enhances the guest experience through the smart use of technology in the retail industry Use your skills, experience and talents to be a part of groundbreaking thinking and visionary goals. Contributes to project success by providing technical leadership on assigned projects. Evaluates and anticipates impact of technical solutions on related projects. Writes technical architecture and solutions Translates technical solutions based on client's needs and feasibility. Stays current with technology and determines the impact of hardware and/ or software upgrades on new and existing applications. Evaluates vendor products and prepares recommendations. Ensures high quality, adherence to standards and best practices, high performance, and scalable, repeatable processes and deliverables. Understands interrelationships and impacts of systems and applications upon the Target technical environment. Participates in project estimation. Provides project knowledge and expertise to the TTS organization. Identifies and escalates issues and, when necessary, pulls appropriate teams together to solve challenge/ issue, etc. Prioritizes workload and accomplishes assignments on time, ensuring deliverables are high quality. Prepares and conducts technical instruction and mentoring for team members and rollout room staff. Completes all administration in a timely and quality manner Requirements Four year college degree Six years systems and programming, technical support or implementation experience in either applications, technical services or telecommunications area Strong verbal, presentation and written communications skills for technical audiences; able to explain technical solutions to technical teams Good interpersonal, problem solving, reasoning and analytical skills Good negotiation skills Good planning and organizational skills Self-starter with self initiative and direction Works well independently Works with confidential information Good numeric aptitude Good understanding of PC and general office productivity applications Understands the retail business, technology, and the application of technology to our business Solid SDLC knowledge and expertise Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills technical support problem solving technical applications solutions standards good negotiation skills technology sdlc experience Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd Target is one of the largest retailers in US with annual revenue of $73 billion. It is an omni-channel retailer with 1800 retail stores, rapidly growing e-commerce and mobile channels. Target India is delivering business critical technology programs and solutions across all the channels. Target is looking to hire the best technical talent to execute the complex business solutions. We provide the right environment to work on challenging problems and executing ideas & innovations into real time business solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details