TITLE: Lead Engineer, Android

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Lead Engineer you design, develop and implement high-quality, scalable, maintainable and robust solutions. You build and lead android/mobile development teams to deliver world-class mobile experience. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES . You drive the entire implementation from design to release for key features on Android. . You evaluate new technologies and device platforms and thereby provide feasibility assessments and accurate estimates for project implementation. . You effectively craft great user experience and architect reliable systems. . You develop unit tests and maintain useful code documentation. . You use your expertise in the Android platform to define an innovative roadmap for the product. . You participate in code reviews and influence health of the code base. . You mentor junior engineers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Android OO design android application development UX multi - threaded programming Javascript Desired Candidate Profile KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ATTRIBUTES 8+ years of relevant experience. Passionate about the Android Platform. Proven ability in applying computer science and OO design principles when building apps. Expert in java and android application development. Proven ability to architect solutions from scratch as well as jump in and refactor large existing code base. Have an eye for elegant mobile UX. Strong understanding for UI design principles. Experience in multi-threaded programming. Experience in writing apps that work well in resource constrained devices. Understanding of SQL databases and memory mapped object stores. Familiarity with unit test cases. Experience with Javascript on android devices preferred. B.E/B.Tech in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Hike- Startup Hike's mission is to reimagine messaging as 1 billion people come online on mobile devices that are faster and more powerful than the first set of PC's. It is our belief that messaging will do to mobile what browser did to desktop, only 100 times over. Hike today has over 100 million users and monthly messaging volume of 40 billion and is amongst the top 5 most used services in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details