TITLE: Team Manager - Relationship Management / Telecome Giant - Pan India

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Aeronube Technology !! This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us and if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of Permanent Employment with one of our Telecom Giant clients. Type of Employment: Permanent What we are looking for: Team Manager - Relationship Management People who are excited by technology and working with others to develop truly GREAT software. People willing to learn new skills and who are not tied to any one language, but who have developed their skills sufficiently to accept any challenge. People who are willing to take ownership, take responsibility and perform in a "first-class" way. Exp :- 8+ Years Job description: Sales Target Achievement ( Lead Conversion, Cross Sell) Churn Usages Net Promoter Score Team handling Rostering & Team calender adherence Employee Attrition Monitoring KPI's & performance Profile : a. Age 30 - 35 Years. b. Education Graduate from Top colleges / Young Leader from Tier 2 MBA institute c . Years of experience 8 years+ Skill set: - Excellent presentability - Fluency in English and local language - Excellent interpersonal skills - Tech Savvy - Knowledge of local geography Industry Experience : a) Bank Direct Sales person b) Consumer Durable home demo sales c) Insurance Direct Sale person d) Aviation/Hospitality e) Other similar profiles Training: a. Product & Plan b. Behavioral c. Onboarding process d. How to use relevant Apps. E. Basic technical troubleshooting training Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills relationship manager churn team lead Direct Institutional Sales Customer Acquisition Customer Retention Institutional Sales Insurance Sales Bancassurance Desired Candidate Profile If you are interested for the above position then, kindly send us the following details (Mandatory) along with an Updated Resume / CV as soon as possible, so that we could process your profile for the same.Full Name: Skill: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Alternate contact number: DOB: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month:Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period:Current Company: Employment [Permanent/Contract]: If contract, please specify your primary company details with URL: Required Time to Join: Current Location: Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers: Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory):Passport: Wishing you all the very best. In case you might want to get in touch with us for better assistance, please feel free to email us at jobs@aeronube.com and we would be more than glad to help you. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: AERONUBE TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED Aeronube is a result driven specialist IT Organization with extensive sector knowledge and experience in IT Staffing / Managed services & Software Development providing end to end IT services and solutions to different Fortune 500 clients. In todays world, as business becomes more demanding, organizations need to re-engineer their IT Services & Solutions and need to be agile and flexible to meet ever-changing business expectations and that requires a broad-based and integrated capability not just in skills, but across capabilities, types of engagements and service delivery models. Innovative strategies, Technological expertise and a holistic approach to commitments is the key differentiator to Aeronube's Approach. Ordinary jobs can be a bit boring. We get that. But boring is not a word you would associate with Aeronube. No. Boring we are not. We're a vibrant, innovative company with big ideas and a great vision: to fundamentally change the recruitment industry and make people feel good about recruitment.We're looking to grow quickly, and we're on the look out for dynamic, free-thinking professionals to join our team and help us achieve our goal(s). We offer competitive packages, opportunities for training and career development, and a chance to make a real difference in a fast-paced, meritocratic, performance-driven but fun environment. rnrnWith a highly qualified /skilled management and leadership team, we deploy innovative and effective search methodologies to meet our clients needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details