TITLE: Software Development Engineer II R&D - Ascendon

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the role As a Sr Software Development Engineer in SV R&D, you will have the opportunity to work with an experienced team developing solutions for either Ascendon or core Singleview. You will work collaboratively with other CSG delivery teams in Chicago, Bangalore, and Brisbane. You will leverage industry best practices and methodologies such as Agile, Scrum, test automation, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment. As a successful candidate, you will meet the following criteria: Have a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. Have at least 4 years of technical experience in the telecom OSS/BSS domain in solution design, product development, and/or product implementation, with proven ability from at least one Singleview end-to-end implementation for a large scale operator. Be effective at communicating and collaborating across multiple teams, ensuring understanding of both verbal and written material. Have technical knowledge in software development, methodologies, and design. Experience in SAFe/Scrum/Kanban is favourable. Demonstrate strong programming ability. Experience with EPM is preferred, while ability in languages like C/C++ and Perl is favourable. Have excellent experience using UNIX/LINUX environments to develop, deploy, and manage applications. Have excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Experience gathering and analysing information for the development of effective solutions to problems or situations. Can solve complex problems quickly. Programming and administration experience with Oracle (or other databases) is favourable. Be a self-motivated individual who works well in a team environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills singleview C C++ Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: CSG International CSG International is the 2nd largest business support solutions (BSS) provider, CSG International provides solutions to a global client base. Join an elite team of IT professionals who are driven for success in finding innovative solutions for our company and clients. We respond to the complexity of a dynamic, convergent world with a flexible set of needs-based solutions, innovative new technologies and forward thinking that helps our clients solve business problems and identify new opportunities and revenue streams. Key Facts: Listed on NASDAQ: CSGS Year 2012 - Total Revenue $ 756.9 million 2nd largest BSS provider serving the worldwide communications industry More than 3,500 employees in 24 countries #1 in wholesale billing and mediation worldwide Ranked #1 in North American cable billing market 400+ clients in 24 countries Solutions support more than 48 million broadband subscribers in North America CSG sends more than 300 million interactive messages on behalf of our clients annually CSG handles more than 167 million transactions per day, or more than 4 billion per month, on behalf of our North American clients CSG's solutions touch more than half of all U.S. households For more information, visit our website at www.csgi.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details