TITLE: Senior Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we're looking for You are passionate about making great products that enrich and improve the lives of real people who also happen to be employees working at companies -trying to be productive. You have strong visual design skills, as well as the ability to create and implement your ideas on a mobile form factor. You understand how to tailor visual design for (1) virality (2) to tell a story and (3) enable simplicity. If you realize just like us: "Speed is god, Time is the devil and change is the only constant, you will love working for Avaamo. Senior Android Developer We are looking for a senior iOS developer and a senior Android developer with the following background Â Has successfully pushed multiple iPhone/iPad apps to the app store. Prefer at least 3 Apple Store app links. Â Familiar with the Apple Store publishing guidelines. Â Good at writing readable code Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Senior Android Developer API Android testing Data Structures Desired Candidate Profile API Knowledge:Â Very familiar with the gesture APIs Â Read Phone contacts, calendar and reminders and push to the server faster. Â Familiar with Apple Push Notification service Â Has had built solid instrumentation(how is the app behaving/ mixpanel) Â Care for batteryData Structures: Â Store and access data natively and faster (don't make network calls unless required) Â Rendering images efficiently Â Local search of contacts, say 100,000 entries(read/update index) Â Very familiar with data caching and using local mobile cacheUI & Dynamic behavior:Â Dynamic rendering of UI elements - based on A/B testing. Â UI fading effects Â Pixel perfect conversation of PSDs to iOS views. ( This can be done by a different developer) Â Has familiarity with mix panel, Optimizely or any of the mobile insight toolsSecurity: Â Force the device to have a passcode. Similar to the Exchange server. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Avaamo - Startup Avaamo is a venture funded mobile enterprise software company. Our mission is to reinvent the way we communicate, transact and get work done in today's mobile first world. Avaamo provides an Ai driven enterprise bot platform that dramatically simplifies the time needed to design and deploy enterprise bots to corporate employees and their customers. At the core of Avaamo mobile platform is a secure business-messaging infrastructure that delivers scalability, reliability and security and integration to legacy enterprise workflows and applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details