TITLE: Peoplesoft FSCM Techno Functional - Function Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PeopleSoft FSCM Techno-Functional OR Functional Position Role & Responsibilities: The primary purpose of this position is to manage and maintain the PeopleSoft FSCM Applications Systems. The position focuses on PeopleSoft FSCM Applications 8.x or 9.x Applications, including GL, AP, PO, Inventory, Contracts, Project Costing, Assets Management, Risk Management, Deal Management, Grants, Cash Management and Cost Management modules. Diagnose and resolve PeopleSoft related issues to ensure the accuracy of business systems. Interact with business system users in this effort. Participate in development of system test plans and acceptance criteria. Provide PeopleSoft Application Managed services by acting as Technical Analyst in PeopleSoft FSCM Modules troubleshoot issues and assist in stabilizing the applications during & post go-live phase. Clear, effective and pro-active communication with the PM, Team Members and Client Business Users. Work with the client business users to identify possible improvements in the Customized Objects / Process. We are looking for a great team player with Can-Do attitude. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills Cost Management PeopleSoft Fscm Project Costing Techno Functional Managed Services System Testing Business System Technical Analysis Cash Management Risk Management ERP Desired Candidate Profile Experience & Skills: 5+ years of Techno-Functional OR Functional hands-on experience as a consultant or analyst working with PeopleSoft FSCM 8.x or 9.x Applications, including GL, AP, PO, Inventory, Contracts, Project Costing, Assets Management, Risk Management, Deal Management, Grants, Cash Management and Cost Management modules, experience with designing and maintaining interfaces to external systems and vendors; Should have Hands-On experience in minimum of 6 modules in the following list: PeopleSoft FSCM Modules GL, AP, PO, Inventory, Contracts, Project Costing, Assets Management, Risk Management, Deal Management, Grants, Cash Management and Cost Management modules. The candidate should have hands-on experience in any 3 of the modules Contracts, Project Costing, Assets Management, Risk Management, Deal Management, Grants, Cash Management and Cost Management modules. A strong understanding of standard development methodologies (Systems Development Life-cycle) in both maintenance and implementation organizations; Strong skills in gathering and documenting business requirements for systems enhancements, performing fit/gap analysis, and writing functional or technical specifications based on requirements; Proven skills in quality assurance, including creation of testing scripts and test execution; Hands-On experience in PeopleCode, PeopleTools, Application Designer, Application Engine, AWE, Component Interface, Integration Broker, SQR, Crystal reports, Java and HTML. The candidate should be open for relocation to either Bangalore OR Hyderabad. This is a client facing role & the candidate will have regular interactions with various client managers and business end-users. This position requires strong analytical and problem solving skills with demonstrated initiative and flexibility to meet deadlines and end user expectations. The selected candidate should have excellent communication skills including written and verbal Ability to work with diverse teams Should be willing to work hands-on and IC (Independent Contributor) role. All candidates must be able and willing to work in shifts including night shifts on a rotational basis Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Ecentric Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details