TITLE: Manager - Media Planning

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : - Planning & executing the Media plans for the brands backed up with research & strategy. - Coordinate negotiations with Media vendors - Constant communication & coordination internally within teams and devising creative media - Track media expenditures to ensure agency and client budget compliance - Evaluate media proposals and provide written POVs - Hands-on experience on Campaign Management platforms. - Able to build client-relationship by proposing new digital marketing solutions/services and strategies on a regular basis. - Understanding of Analytics tool will be an additional advantage. The position will be responsible for coordinating with digital - Compute ROI of online media activity, and make recommendations to optimize client results - Provide concise, timely and accurate reporting, including post-buys, positioning and online tracking reports, etc. Skills Required : - Enthusiasm and a passion for advertising/marketing. - Willingness and motivation to learn. - Comprehensive knowledge of online creative specifications. - The ability to work autonomously and take ownership of assigned campaigns - A high degree of organization and communication skills. - Strong interpretation skills; can work from little detail. - Dedication to excellent client service. - Require prior experience in Media roles. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills Digital Marketing Media Planning Advertising Campaign Management Client Servicing Campaigns Online Media Analytics Budgeting Media Buying Media Relations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Wipro Consumer Care Wipro Consumer Care Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details