TITLE: Manager - Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We're looking for an all-star to take charge of our seller development efforts.. The right person will be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving problems and can thrive in a startup culture. This role is all about simplifying business for our seller partners. YOU ARE... A simple thinker. You love finding simple solutions to complex problems. Self-driven. You have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. You don't get overwhelmed easily. Naturally curious. You're innovative, extremely creative, analytical and constantly challenging the status quo. Graceful. You are self aware, well-spoken on the phone and eloquent in emails. You'll be the face of UDAAN for our partners. Fun. You're fun to work with and excited about building something awesome for the world. RESPONSIBILITIES You'll be tasked with inspiring and growing the seller/buyer base on UDAAN. You'll have great opportunities to develop & foster various skill sets: Find the pulse of business for your city/ category and identify new ways to simplify it further Find product requirements for maximizing B2B commerce in the category/ city Engage sellers and work with business owners to help them grow along with the platform Orchestrate operationalization on the ground and develop feedback loops for product enhancement Coordinate seller store listings and help them to list products on UDAAN to initiate commerce Manage seller communication and intervene to resolve disputes as and when required Work closely with our engineering & operations teams to streamline process and assist in intelligently scaling a vibrant business Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Manager - Business Development Business Development Analytics & Reporting Product Development Vendor Management Desired Candidate Profile EXPERIENCE 0-2 years of experience in vendor development, category management or operationsEDUCATION College degree in Engineering, Marketing or similar degree is a plus, not required. BOTTOM LINE You have to be ready to hustle! You must be ready and excited to get your hands dirty and help build a growing business.SkillsAnalytics & Reporting, Business Development, Product Development, Vendor Management Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Udaan.com- Startup At UDAAN, simplicity is our core. We believe great value is created by simple ideas. UDAAN is about simplifying business in India. UDAAN is about making B2B commerce convenient and efficient. We believe B2B is the new B2C in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details