TITLE: Product Manager - Ecommerce

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opening for a leading e-commerce based firm for Bangalore - Entrepreneurs preferred PFB the brief JD for the role. Role: Primary performance indicators. - Ecommerce conversion rate on desktop web and mobile web. - Circulation metrics such as time spent and pages viewed per session. - Bounce and exit metrics at a page level. - Driving free sessions through channels such as SEO and Email marketing in partnership with the online marketing team. Desired Skills and Functional Experience: - High level of ownership in the field of product management. - Strong analytical skills especially around usage of web analytics solutions such as Google Analytics and / or Adobe Omniture. - Strong understanding of the concepts around interaction and visual design for both the web and mobile web. - Good understanding of strategies to improve ecommerce conversion rate and demonstrable experience for execution of such strategies with concrete impact of such execution. - Deep understanding of user identification, engagement and personalization strategies. - Functional knowledge of search engine optimization tactics. - Team management and engagement skills. - Ability to work cross-functionally across all teams in the organization and especially with the design and engineering teams. - Ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize tasks. - Post-graduation in management required. - Personal Attitude: Friendly, personable and sociable. Such a person will: - Be Accountable for the planning & execution of the quarterly storefront roadmap. - Be the primary reviewer of all goals and use cases / user stories for a particular initiative. He / she will work with stakeholders to ensure alignment on goals / use cases. - Hold the responsibility of getting these use cases translated these into mockups / wireframes that can then be implemented by the engineering team. - Partner with the engineering owner(s) of the storefront web experience in taking tasks to completion as per agreed timelines. - Be required to evaluate ROI of every feature launch and tuning the implementation to hit desired metrics. - Be the primary owner of web analytics in the company and will partner with the cross-functional analytics organization to derive insights from the overall data. - Act as the key partner of the marketing team in ensuring that their key metrics around free traffic are delivered. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills SEO Search Engine Optimization Email Marketing Google Analytics Web Analytics Online Marketing Omniture User Stories Team Management Product Management Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Leading client of Silver People Leading client of Silver People Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details