TITLE: Field Application Engineer-bangalore

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking forÂ Field Application Engineers for a product base MNC in Bangalore skills as per JD below. Experience : 5-10 Yrs Location Â Â : Bangalore Job Description: 1. Excellent knowledge and background of different types of sensors CCD, CMOS and Linear sensors. 2. Good understanding of the various application segments such as Automotive, Security and Surveillance, Machine vision, Scanning, Mobile handset, etc. 3. Prior experience of working in the Development environment / Developing firmware for imaging products. 4. Thorough understanding of the programming of the sensor register configurations, setting various parameters in the firmware, etc. 5. Ability to design multilayer PCB using the CAD tools, reviewing the PCBs designed by customers using CAD tools, gerber viewers and other available standard tools and suggesting the corrections. 6. Good knowledge of interface standards such as MIPI, LVDS, LVCMOS, HiSpi, Parallel format etc. 7. Good knowledge of Inter IC communication standards such as I2C, SPI, etc. 8. Good knowledge on peripheral components (Power Supply, LDO, MOSFETs, Diodes, Op-Amp, Smart devices etc..) & design / debugging abilities. 9. Ability to de-bug customer boards and suggesting the corrections. 10. Understanding the complete circuit that makes the camera system and suggesting other componentsÂ 11. Ability to understand the Optics requirement for the camera and suggesting the appropriate Lens systems and Lens Vendors. 12. Good written and oral communication. 13. Good Presentation skills. Requirements: 1. A bachelor or Master of Engineering graduate (BE/ M.Tech)from an institution of repute. 2. Working experience as Field Application Engineer for at least 5 years in the Imaging products & Peripheral devices and solutions. 3. Ability to learn new technologies and assimilate as they emerge. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills Application Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Company Profile: Cambio Consulting India Pvt Ltd A product Base MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details