TITLE: Product Manager - Mobile Ecommerce - Iim/iit/xlri/sp Jain/mdi

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Lead development of the feature roadmap through conducting best practice research, survey data, tests and analysing the competitive environment and understanding key product metrics. - Ensure that the Truweight App is user friendly, the benefits and features are best communicated to the end users - Engage into market study to identify the trend and upgrade the App accordingly - Work cross-functionally with engineering, data, design and QA team to launch features, analyse results and iterate on feature/product - Conceptualise, design and launch new features in the App accordingly to the market change - Work around building the App in a way to attract the specific target users - Conceptualise, strategize and define software product & solutions experience in product management, program management - Build and lead teams to success in multiple areas simultaneously business analysis, development, QA & implementation - Simultaneously contribute significantly to the functional, technical, managerial and business aspects of any software organization - Should be well-versed with a broad range of technologies multiple large J2EE implementations, and embedded & device driver projects - Construct the architectural aspects of most projects - Lead the complete product lifecycle - from requirements to go-to-market - Use creative abilities in both visual and written media, including user experience modeling & design & most of all should be able to guide the team in achieving desired results Define, design & lead development of a powerful, multi-channel mobile based e-Commerce platform . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills IIM User Experience Business Analysis Product Management Program Management Business Strategy Startup experience Agile Methodologies Product Development Software Development Management Consulting CRM Desired Candidate Profile Preferred: Candidates from Tier 1 Schools (IIM / IIT / XLRI / SP JAIN / MDI / IMT / FMS / BITS / NIT)Key Skills: Product Management, Business Strategy, Startup experience, Agile Methodologies, Product Development, Software Development, Management Consulting, CRMExp: 6 - 15 years / Consumer Internet / consumer based Mobile Application.1. Should be well versed with complete product life cycle2. Must be familiar with the modern mobile based technologies3. Should be an efficient communicator4. Must be a trouble shooter5. Must have the ability to logically reason and justify product choices to key stakeholders6. Should be open minded, willing to provide constructive feedback and to take one as well.7. Must have thorough understanding of mobile based e-commerce platform8. Must have built at least 2 mobile based product. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium-Jobs Staffio HR leading client of Staffio HR Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details