TITLE: Python Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Astreya is a fast-growing, nimble and dynamic IT services provider. We make a difference by providing IT services in the most flexible, dynamic and customer- focused way possible. Our vision is to be known as the company that helps organizations be Positively Productive by enabling new ways of working through process and technology advancements. Software Development duties include: Work on existing applications or create new ones. Understanding of cloud technologies Required Skills: Candidates must demonstrate competence in Python, GO or Java. 3+ years Linux experience 1+ years of Systems Admin experience Nice to have: Familiar with RESTful services a plus Minimum Education and Experience: 2 years experience Python Development. BE, BTech, MCA in Computer Science + three years relevant experience. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a fast-moving, cutting edge team working with one of the most progressive companies on earth. If this sounds like your next career move please email your resume to: Please share resume at kodonnell@astreya.com. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C C++ Ruby Java Python Algorithms Javascript Linux SNMP Distribution System Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Astreya Partners Astreya is a fast-growing, nimble and dynamic IT services provider. We make a difference by providing IT services in the most flexible, dynamic and customer- focused way possible. Our vision is to be known as the company that helps organizations be Positively Productive by enabling new ways of working through process and technology advancements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details