TITLE: Teradata Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Skills:Â UNIX, Teradata ,Informatica Looking for: - Teradata development experience - Able to load data from Informatica into Teradata - Informatica MDM or SAP MDM Responsibilities: Well log information to provide quality data to the business in an efficient manner so that critical decisions can be made effectively and efficiently. Manages and supports technical well information. Supports, promotes and documents all Data Management processes and procedures related to geologic data. Develops workflows and tools that automate data loading processes and help to ensure data quality and integrity. Ensures the quality, consistency, and integrity of data in a timely, effective and reliable manner. Receives, archives, distributes, loads, and disposes off technical data according to policies, standards and procedures. Understands advanced aspects of discipline and is viewed as an expert in a given field. Applies broad range of competencies to develop solutions to complex problems. Influences others to achieve objectives. Often provides specialized/technical/functional guidance to others within department and/or business asset. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Informatica Teradata Unix SAP MDM Data Quality Data Loader Data Management Teradata Developer Desired Candidate Profile Requirements:7-10 years of experience.5+ years hands-on experience with implementation and support of Informatica 9.5 or higher2+ years hand-on experience integrating with TeradataExperience building both traditional ETL scenarios in Informatica as well as non-traditional Integration scenariosDemonstrated ability to architect complex integration scenarios using InformaticaDemonstrated ability to architect and develop data warehousing solutions.Preferences:Hand-on experience with one or more of the following; Implementing Informatica Data Quality, Informatica B2B Data Exchange, Web Services, Informatica Real-timeExperience with building data warehouses and working with an Enterprise Data Warehouse1+ years working in a UNIX environmentDemonstrated ability and willingness to provide 24x7 application supportExcellent analytical and problem solving skills to quickly recognize, isolate, and resolve technical problemsStrong experience in Teradata DeveloperShould have at least 8+ Years of experience.Should be Strong in Teradata BTEQ Script developmentShould be strong in Informatica, SQL and database design.surrogate key using Teradata functionETL experience is mustGood communication skills Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Leading Client of Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details