TITLE: Applications Developer - SAS

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. Risk & Finance Technology (RFT) builds and supports the firm's financial infrastructure to ensure Finance professionals have access to the tools and information necessary to drive success. In partnership with Global Finance Operations (GFO), Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) and others, we deliver solutions that meet the requirements of our key clients - the JPMorgan Chase CFO and Corporate Finance Organizations, as well as all line of business CFO teams. Summary The Junior Risk Quant Developer will be a key member of the Risk Model Implementation team. The candidate must exhibit a thorough understanding of data structures and data manipulation. In addition, the candidate must build a solid understanding of CCB businesses, functions, systems, data environments, and processes that are necessary for the production of regulatory capital models. Responsibilities: The candidate will develop robust automated solutions, and so must possess strong technical skills and an understanding of data systems. Eagerness to learn essential. Must be able to take a disciplined approach and find opportunities for innovation. Responsibilities include the following: In a fluid, fast moving development environment: Extract required knowledge from Model designers and other Subject Matter Experts to create specifications of requirements Develop production code to meet those requirements Maintain a high level of process controls Support a variety of different risk and finance models with New code development Maintenance of existing code Process analysis and process improvement Data analytics to ensure and improve quality Create and maintain technical documentation Contribute to team s knowledge base by finding new and valuable ways to approach problems and projects Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development sas data structures unix shell scripting investment banking cvs functions asset management computer science Desired Candidate Profile Essential skills, experience, and qualifications: Essential skills, experience, and qualifications: Essential skills, experience, and qualifications: 3-7 years experience with SAS 3-7 years experience designing and developing on Unix based platforms. 3-7 years experience with Unix shell scripting Excellent technical problem-solving skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Deliver high-quality results under tight deadlines Experience manipulating and summarizing large quantities of data Desirable skills, experience, and qualifications: Knowledge of DB Technologies (SQL, Oracle etc) desired but not essential Computer Science or Statistics degree desired but not essential Knowledge of version control tools and processes (Subversion, CVS, Clear Case etc.) Knowledge of the consumer lending lifecycle, including loan origination, sale/ servicing, default management/ loss mitigation Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details