TITLE: Applications Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Applications Developer JPMorgan Chase is a leading global financial services firm with assets of over $1.1 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries. The firm is a leader in Investment Banking, Financial Services for consumers and businesses, financial transaction processing, asset and wealth management, and private equity. Under the JPMorgan and Chase brands, the firm serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the worlds most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. Asset Management J.P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager of choice for institutions, financial intermediaries and individual investors, worldwide. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market, we offer investment experience and insight that few other firms can match. Clear focus on managing client assets and delivering strong risk-adjusted returns. More than 650 investment professionals providing over 200 different strategies spanning the full spectrum of asset classes, including equity, fixed income, cash liquidity, currency, real estate, hedge funds and private equity. Leadership positions in America, U.K., Continental Europe, Asia, and Japan. Position Summary : The Suitability program delivers a technology solution to support many regulatory directives and requirements globally. The solution covers many different aspects of the client and trade lifecycle: Capturing data from clients, from multiple channels (online and paper) Algorithmically determining, from the captured data, the clients appetite for risk and their understanding of different investment products Calculating the risk the different products clients may invest in Pre-trade checks to ensure all trades made for a client are suitable Post-trade checks to evaluate various aspects of each client s overall portfolio MIS, enabling reporting to internal compliance and external regulatory bodies This role is for a hands-on developer working on the client data capture and risk classification components of the system. The group follows an agile development methodology based on the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe). Responsibilities Design and implement complex and robust Suitability Platform solutions using enterprise technologies like Java/J2EE & Rest/Webservices and adhere to SDLC best practices. Analysis of the requirements. Creating detailed design documents Coding using J2EE technologies like Java, Springs, Web Services, Extjs, JMS and Appway Perform Unit testing Doing the peer code review and involved in integration testing. Providing support to the development team in resolving the issues encountered in Dev, integration, UAT, production environment. Collaborate with technical groups (development, unit testing, integration testing) and operational groups (Operate, Infrastructure, Release Management) across regions (APAC, EMEA, USA). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java sql oracle linux hibernate core java webservices development uml tomcat Desired Candidate Profile Technical Skills: Very strong Core JAVA and J2EE technologies. Knowledge of Web Technologies : Java 7, Spring, Webservices, RestServices, Extjs, JSP, Servlet, HTML, Xml, JMS, Jersey, Jaxb, Ibatis, Hibernate, JPA Good database skills, experience in Sybase, Oracle; knowledge of SQL Experience with Linux, Tomcat 7, Websphere Experience with Eclipse, Netbeans, Glassfish Experience with Quality Center, Jira Knowledge of Svn, Maven, Jenkins Experience with Cucumber, Fitnesse Experience with UML for design documentation like class and sequence diagrams Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details