TITLE: Career Opportunities: Sr Software Engineer (10613)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â About Synaptics Â Synaptics is the pioneer and leader of the human interface revolution, bringing innovative and intuitive user experiences to intelligent devices. Synaptics broad portfolio of touch, display, and biometrics products is built on the companys rich R& D and supply chain capabilities. With solutions designed for mobile, PC and automotive industries, Synaptics combines ease of use, functionality and aesthetics to enable products that help make our digital lives more productive, secure and enjoyable. (NASDAQ: SYNA) www.synaptics.com . Â Job Responsibilities Â Works with Customers to understand requirements and translates design requirements into functional requirements. Works with members of Core and Platform teams to define, develop and implement software for fingerprint sensors. Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies fingerprint software to resolve customer issues. Tracks customer milestones and deliverables and ensures cross functional team are available to support customer requirements. Mentors junior engineers in customer support team and provides training to FAE (Field Application Engineers) . Travel for duration of one to two month at customer sites is required.Â Desired Skills & Experience: B.E/ B.Tech/ M.E/ M.Tech. (Computer Science, Engineering preferable) 9+ years relevant experience. 9+ years of experience developing applications on Windows Platform Experience with USB and SPI protocol. Well versed with the following Windows SDK technologies, Win32 base services, Windows Shell API and COM/ ATL. Experience with Windows DDK and drivers; knowledge of UMDF, KMDF/ WDF and WDM Experience developing MFC/ .Net applications and Device Class Installers The candidate should be proficient in C/ C++ with excellent debugging skills Ability to adapt coding style to coding standards. Should have very good written and oral communication skills. Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synaptics Incorporated Synaptics Incorporated Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details