TITLE: CIB - Operations Manager - Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the worldd. The candidate will have to manage a team of 40-50 staff members providing service and clearing services in a 24 X 5 environment, supporting Global Core Cash Operations encompassing Asia, EMEA and WHEM regions. The candidate will have a direct reporting line into the Vice President GCCO and will be directly responsible for the day to day operations, including transaction processing, client service and database controls. The candidate will be responsible for understanding the key metrics and risk components within drive each LOB and manage the team to meet the financial goals and objectives put forth by these LOB s, while partnering globally with the regions where the business operations are located. The candidate will be responsible for maintaining staff and budget requirements. Key Responsibilities would include:- Responsible for meeting client deliverables with a high level of timeliness and accuracy. Develop an environment of continuous focus on quantifiable productivity and quality. Constant and regular review of processes and performance with focus on improving departmental competency / performance rating. Regular reviews of procedures assuring new processes are documented. Identify business knowledge gaps and ensure everyone has ownership of deliverables Interact with global location managers in an effective and professional manner. Monitors all relevant Management Information System data ensuring all issues have been resolved expediently. Constant and regular review for direct reports. Set expectations with direct reports, regarding positive motivation and leading through accountability. Develop and lead a team that is responsive to dynamic organizational and operational changes Responsible for overall Performance Management and Talent Review process. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills mba project management assets clearing institutions business operations english proactive pc emea Desired Candidate Profile Masters Degree (e.g. CA, ICWA, and MBA) with 5 years of post qualification experience or Graduate with Minimum 7 years of work experience in a financial institution. Should have the experience of managing a team of over 40-50 employees. Working knowledge of various aspects of International Payment Processing Operations. Working/ Expert Knowledge of SWIFTS & international payment conventions & practices is a must. Strong Interpersonal skills to be able to communicate internally & externally and at all levels. Excellent written & oral communication skills in English. Proven leadership and people management skills. Proven ability to build strong business relationships within the site and across the business. A proactive approach to problem solving, taking ownership of issues and having the determination to follow through. Escalate issues as appropriate. Ability to use creative problem solving techniques to solve business issues. An acute client focus. Strong PC, project management, and analytical skills. Experience of working / partnering with Risk, Audit and Compliance to ensure that the overall organizational objectives are met. Project Management/ Implementation experience would be a plus. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, ICWA (CMA), CA Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details