TITLE: Opening for Project Lead for Kofax

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from The Boston Group! We have openings for Project Lead for Kofax with my client company. The JD is mentioned below. Experience:10 Years, Location:Bangalore(Anywhere who can relocate to Bangalore) Skills: Kofax KTM and ECM Job Description Candidate should be technically sound and hand-on, technology stack may differ from project to project but a general list of technology mentioned end of email. Candidate should be able to understand complex functional / business requirements, visualize architecture, solution and translate same into estimates and a technical delivery plan. Candidate should hold excellent technical communication to convince and drive best practices / approaches during planning and implementation with internal and customer stakeholders. Candidate should have work experience on project diverse in nature software development, upgrade, migrations, tuning and improvisation, integration etc. Candidate should be able plan and incorporate development and source code management best practices, ex deliver reusable code and architecture. Candidate should be able to technically lead and mentor team 10 to 20 people and align individual and team tasks to towards final delivery. Candidate should understand project execution methodologies and dependency along project CSF - scope, budget, schedule etc. Experience Details Over all of 10 years of experience with relevant experience of 8 years. Mandatory skills/ knowledge: Should be hands on Kofax KTM and ECM Should have good verbal and writing skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Project Leading Writing Skills Project Execution Software Development Kofax Kofax KTM ECM Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Boston Software Consultants India Pvt. Ltd. Our mission is clear. We go deep to unlock insight and have the courage to act. We bring the right people together to challenge established thinking and drive transformation. We work with our clients to build the capabilities that enable organizations to achieve sustainable advantage. We are shaping the future. Together. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details