TITLE: Specialist Engineer, iOS

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Our iOS developers have a passion to push mobile technologies to the limits. As an iOS Developer, you work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation mobile applications. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES . You design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform. . You work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements and use cases and translate them pragmatic and effective technical solutions. You integrate and consume web services (JSON, XML, etc.). . You use core animation to create engaging motion effects and intuitive interfaces. . You integrate with our backend services to make sure we are delivering a great mobile user experience that is super-fast for end users. . You work on bug fixing and improving application performance. . You own end-to-end product modules/features from requirement to going live. . You design and review code, troubleshoot and act as a consultant to team members on technical matters. . You gather requirements by interacting directly with the end users. You build and advocate delightful user experiences on iOS. . You research on open source framework/technologies required for developing the feature/application. . You continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. . You unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. . You manage a team and mentor junior developers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Specialist Engineer iOS software programming Objective - C Xcode iOS SDK iOS application development Desired Candidate Profile KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES . 4+ years of software programming experience.. 3-4 years of iOS application development, with extensive use of Obj-C (or Swift) I/O, collections, algorithms and well-known application frameworks.. Strong understanding of interactive application development paradigm under iOS, memory management, file I/O, network programming, concurrency and multithreading. . Experience in iOS-specific application development and publishing iOS apps in the appstore.. Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text.. Programming experience in Objective-C programming, Cocoa, Xcode and the iOS SDK.. Good understanding of design patterns.. Good understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies.. Experience in working with third-party libraries and APIs.. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions. Flexible and proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution.. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal).. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Hike - Startup Hike's mission is to reimagine messaging as 1 billion people come online on mobile devices that are faster and more powerful than the first set of PC's. It is our belief that messaging will do to mobile what browser did to desktop, only 100 times over. Hike today has over 100 million users and monthly messaging volume of 40 billion and is amongst the top 5 most used services in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details