TITLE: Growth Marketing Manager - Premium Institute

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We are looking for a hands-on marketing manager who will be primarily responsible for driving growth for Avaamo through digital and event marketing. This role will report directly into the VP of Product and Marketing. Responsibilities: Drive demand generation with email marketing campaigns and landing page optimization Drive outbound campaigns using SEM (AdWords) and retargeting. Eventually, this will include broader media planning across social and mobile ad networks and will require working with an established demand side platform (DSP). Drive inbound marketing by conceptualizing and executing SEO projects; this work will be a mix of hands-on website optimization, backlink generation, and content syndication. Create new content for the Avaamo blog and social network pages (Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Quora, Instagram). Create and execute viral contests/campaigns across multiple social networks Drive user engagement using in-app messaging and push notifications Create and execute guerilla marketing tactics at tech meetups, local events, and industry conferences. Analyze and report impact of each growth activity on number of app installs and app awareness. Requirements: MBA from a top business school (preferred) Marketing experience at a high growth company (mandatory) 2-4 years digital marketing experience (Email marketing, SEM, or SEO) (mandatory) Additional Event marketing experience is desired, but not mandatory. Ability to discover and use digital tools that improve marketing productivity. Critical thinking, attention to detail, and ability to get things done at a startup pace. Skills SEM, SEO, Email Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Digital Marketing, App Optimization/ASO Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills SEO Digital Marketing Social Media Marketing Email Marketing AdWords SEM Media Planning Demand Generation Event Marketing Marketing Campaigns Growth Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Avaamo - Startup Avaamo is a venture funded mobile enterprise software company. Our mission is to reinvent the way we communicate, transact and get work done in today's mobile first world. Avaamo provides an Ai driven enterprise bot platform that dramatically simplifies the time needed to design and deploy enterprise bots to corporate employees and their customers. At the core of Avaamo mobile platform is a secure business-messaging infrastructure that delivers scalability, reliability and security and integration to legacy enterprise workflows and applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details