TITLE: Software / Senior Software Engineer IOS Swift Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We have an open position for an iOS Developer.Please go through the job description mentioned below.You can apply for this job opportunity by sharing the updated CV. Do let us know the best date and time to schedule the first round of telephonic interview. SUMMARY: We are looking for an iOS Developer on SWIFT who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. JOB DUTIES : * Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features * Ability to translate concepts into User Interfaces on iOS platform and build for scalability, internationalization and performance EDUCATION * Bachelor of Engineering EXPERIENCE * Minimum experience of 3 years on iOS platform using Objective-C/SWIFT. Mandatory experience in native app development using SWIFT. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES (KSA's) * A deep familiarity with SWIFT and Objective-C * Should have experience in Unit Testing using XCTest. * Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics, Core Text etc. * Experience with embedded relational databases (like SQLite) is mandatory * Experience on web service integration (REST, JSON, XML) * Strong in Object Oriented Programming, and excellent grasp of Data Structures and Algorithms OAT Systems Software India Pvt. Ltd. ( A division of Checkpoint Systems Inc.) 'Fernbank',No:3, Rest House Road,Bangalore: 560001, Karnataka, India Â Email:- Board Line:+91 80 66595200,Direct:+91 80 66595270,Mobile:91080-30335 Legacy of Checkpoint Systems: Founded in 1969. Listed on NYSE (CKP).Headquartered in Thorofare, New Jersey,USA. A workforce of 4,700 employees with footprints in more than 30 countries. Installed base of over 10 million RF / RFID devices. With 100 billion products secured since inception. Strong partnerships with most of the world's top 200 retailers. A global leader in merchandise availability solutions. Legacy of over 45 years of radio frequency technology expertise. Company Profile: OAT is a division of Checkpoint Systems (NYSE: CKP).OAT has been building thought leadership in the RFID Arena by setting the standards in RFID Applications since 2001 and has a team of RFID industry experts. OAT's technical team has extensive experience in RFID, RTLS & Sensor Networks, Enterprise Software, and Supply Chain Automation. OAT supports and participates in setting industry standards Jun 23, 2008-Checkpoint Systems, a manufacturer and marketer of RF- and RFID- based solutions for merchandise identification, tracking and security, acquired RFID middleware and applications provider OAT Systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Objective C IOS SQLite Mobile Applications Data Structures Object Oriented Programming SWIFT Algorithms Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: OAT Systems Software India Pvt. Ltd. ( A division of Checkpoint Systems Inc.) Legacy of Checkpoint Systems:- Founded in 1969. Listed on NYSE (CKP).Headquartered in Thorofare, New Jersey,USA. A workforce of 4,700 employees with footprints in more than 30 countries. Installed base of over 10 million RF / RFID devices. With 100 billion products secured since inception. Strong partnerships with most of the world's top 200 retailers. A global leader in merchandise availability solutions. Legacy of over 45 years of radio frequency technology expertise. Company Profile:- OAT is a division of Checkpoint Systems (NYSE: CKP).OAT has been building thought leadership in the RFID Arena by setting the standards in RFID Applications since 2001 and has a team of RFID industry experts. OAT's technical team has extensive experience in RFID, RTLS & Sensor Networks, Enterprise Software, and Supply Chain Automation. OAT supports and participates in setting industry standards Jun 23, 2008-Checkpoint Systems, a manufacturer and marketer of RF- and RFID- based solutions for merchandise identification, tracking and security, acquired RFID middleware and applications provider OAT Systems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details