TITLE: SW Architecture Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The company's Software Architecture team is helping build power efficient, embedded, next-generation system-on-chip solutions to enable advanced features in wireless devices. We are looking for software architects to work with cross functional teams to architect a complete solution that optimizes hardware and software performance for future products. Experience Experience in each of the following areas is required: Solid understanding of CPU architecture (core, cache, memory models, multiprocessing, coherency etc.) and associated hardware blocks (cache controllers, timers, interrupt controllers etc.) Exposure to developing/ analyzing/ modifying CPU centric system software for kernel, bootloader and power management software Ability to design and implement prototype software to demonstrate and analyze new ideas and concepts Ability to derive, document, and present high-level system requirements from the associated detailed technology requirements. In addition, at least 7 years of prior industry experience in one or more of the following areas is required: Exposure and good understanding of any multi-processor CPU Architecture (preferably ARM) either through development or debugging of system software or through in-depth analysis of benchmarking suites Good understanding of CPU architecture concepts Pipelining, Exception handling, Cache hierarchy, Cache coherency, Memory Management, Low-Power states Experience and good understanding of SOC memory architectures, including on and off chip memory blocks. Experience in porting and debugging Linux or any Real-Time OS on to a new target Software partitioning with emphasis on hardware requirements and the corresponding impact to cost, flexibility, scalability, and reusability. Demonstrated ability and experience in working with global cross functional teams. Skills and experience in the following areas is a plus: Strong C and C++ programming skills along with good knowledge of data structures Programming in ARM assembly language Development of device drivers in Linux particularly in the area of power management Experience in porting and debugging bootloaders like UEFI or uboot on to a new target Exposure to working with debugging tools like Lauterbach Trace32 Exposure to compiling, loading and running software on pre-silicon platforms like models, FPGA, Palladium, Veloce etc. Responsibilities SW architects participate in a wide range of engineering activities across many functional teams. Responsibilities include gathering and distilling requirements from multiple sources, proposing architectural solutions, communicating architectures across various technology teams, and providing follow-up guidance as needed. Some travel will be required in order to collaborate across multiple locations. Education Requirements Required: Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering and/or Electrical Engineering Preferred: Masters degree in Computer Engineering and/or Electrical Engineering or equivalent Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills CPU Architecture C C++ ARM assembly language Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Company Profile: Connectpro Management Consultants Pvt Ltd. The Company is a world leader in CDMA technology. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details