TITLE: SDE2

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Display Ads Bangalore Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with $70 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Microsoft is innovating rapidly to grow its share of this market by providing the advertising industry with a world-class online advertising platform and service. The Microsoft Ads Research & Development team is one of the most strategic and growing teams at Microsoft. Do you love to develop innovative and engaging experiences? Are you ready to revolutionize the world of Display Advertisement - the fastest growing segment of online advertising - and move Microsoft from being the underdog to a leadership position? To leapfrog the competition and grab a much bigger slice of a $30 billion pie, we want to change the perception of advertising in the minds of consumers from one of necessary evil to one of positive delight by delivering brand-new engaging, fun, interactive, and personalized experiences that can be seen across devices and form factors (e.g. Windows 8, Windows Phone, Xbox, tablets and other devices). This ""appification"" of the Web in which ad experiences are interactive and enable users to accomplish their tasks is called Advertising 2.0. Our team is at the center of this metamorphosis and is chartered in re-imagining the Win 8 ad experiences and how they get created at scale. Display Ads Bangalore - be part of the growth story The Bangalore team is expected to play a major role for Microsoft Display Ads business going forward. Towards this effort, we are looking for outstanding engineers to join the ranks of our team and help make the next generation of ad experiences a reality. The ideal candidate is an exceptional software engineer with passion and experience in developing clients of large-scale Web applications and a great track record of delivering high quality software successfully through multiple ship cycles. Roles & Responsibilities Design and develop major components on the application stack Build highly scalable application components Contribute to improving the development and engineering processes Analyze risks and compromises Drive on-time delivery of high-quality software releases in a fast-paced environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills software engineer Data Structures Algorithms Coding Design Desired Candidate Profile Skills & Qualifications Proven track record in creating innovative engaging interactive consumer experiences. Experience and successful track record in managing talented individuals Strong software design and coding skills Passion for new technologies, quality, and customer satisfaction Excellent communication and cross-boundary collaboration skillsExperience Required 6 - 7 years of solid experience in Coding and Design. Algorithms & Data Structures knowledge is a must. Good to have not a mandate though: Data modeling with good knowledge of database applications, OLAP techniques Distributed systems/Large Scale Computing experience is a plus BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft India(R & D) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details