TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : Responsibilities : Responsible for full sales cycle, from generation of leads to on-going account management Follow-up web leads, sales line leads, trade show leads and other leads from marketing. Promote software maintenance subscription and support contracts. Uses connections, skills and experience to identify potential customers, analyse their needs and present the ideally configured solution. Demonstrate the technology and cover commercial aspects such as product Plan and conduct product demonstration. Ability to identify decision-makers and build strong relationships with them. Possess high energy, values, honesty and integrity. Maintain technical knowledge of ERP products and sales theory. Represent COMPANY at Trade Shows when required. Prospects for target clients for an increased business growth. Analyses and plans innovative strategies of selling. Set up meetings between client decision makers and companys practice leaders/ Principals. Make proposals post detailed study of the client requirements. Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales. Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales. Strategize negotiations leveraging market information & client specific information. Networking and building strong rapport with Decision makers at client end Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Osmosys Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd Osmosys Software Solutions Pvt Ltd is a quality driven service provider in the areas of software development, testing and technical documentation. Our team has been active in the industry since ten years. Expertise in Microsoft Dynamics CRM has provided us a strong platform skill in addition... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details