TITLE: Quality Assurance - VP with Morgan Stanley Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Morgan Stanley, We would like to consider you for our below role. Please see the Job description and revert with your resume: Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Description The Position is for a Software QA professional in a lead role within the Client Reference Data Quality Assurance team. The team is structured as mostly India consultants with Morgan Stanley leadership team based in New York and London. India consulting resources are based in Bangalore, Pune, and Chennai. This position is a dual track role. One track will be regional leadership and support of the India consulting team especially with a focus on test automation and stakeholder reporting for multiple projects. On the other track this role will liaise with our off shore development team based in Bengaluru. This is a senior level role which will require frequent interaction with development team managers and other team members. Candidate will be expected to lead and extend automated testing utilizing multiple technologies and tools. Responsibilities will include: Adhering to the QA process and reporting exceptions Thoroughly understand project requirements Communicating project requirements to team members Reporting and tacking QA progress Escalation of issues in a timely manner when needed Preparation of documentation such as test plans, DSR, Signoffs, Test Completion etc. Conducting Defect Triage meetings Representing QA in post-production incident meetings ALM project data quality and metrics Remediation and Refactoring of regression test suites Reporting project related risks to management Identifying opportunities and implementing efficiencies in the QA process Identifying opportunities for additional QA test automation Identifying training opportunities of team Planning KT between incoming and outgoing test team resources Qualifications Requirements: 1. Minimum 10 years experience in software quality assurance 2. Experience leading multiple projects 3. Hands-on experience working with OO automated testing tools 4. Hands-on testing experience with Enterprise Databases 5. Experience working with global teams Strongly Prefer: 1. BDD and Selenium scripting 2. Object Oriented programing skills 3. Sybase and strong SQL 4. PERL scripting 5. ETL Testing Experience: 9 to 13 yrs Job location: Bangalore Please share us your profile on Jagruti.Dandekar@ morganstanley.com. Also do refer your friends and colleagues for the same. Regards, Jagruti Dandekar Morgan Stanley | Human Resources Jagruti.Dandekar@ morganstanley.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Automation Testing Software QA SQL Selenium Regression Testing Software Quality Assurance Investment Banking Testing Tools Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Morgan Stanley Advantage Services Pvt. Ltd. Morgan Stanley Investment Management is a fully owned Morgan Stanley company. Morgan Stanley Investment Management, based in Mumbai, India, supports Morgan Stanley's investment management businesses worldwide with a range of specialist services, from performance, proxy voting, risk management to IT support & development. Morgan Stanley Investment Management is located at the new high-tech office development area, Mindspace, 15 km from Mumbai International airport and 35 km from the main financial district. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details