TITLE: Urgent Requirement for Talent Acquistion Specialist - Hyderbad..

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi All, We have an urgent opening for "Talent Acquisition Specialist " for one of our premium clients based in Hyderabad. Please find attached the JD; We are looking for a bright and resourceful candidate as a Specialist/Senior Specialist for our Hyderabad based Talent Acquisition team. If hired, you will be responsible for providing critical support to our recruiting operations which include, but are not limited to: - Screening resumes/handling interviews/working on MIS reports. - Ensuring a positive hiring experience for the candidates. - Gathering market intelligence in order to recommend competitive hiring related recommendations to the respective Business Units. Additionally you will gain exposure to creating, refining, and executing strategies to identify and attract world-class talent for our Finance and Technical teams. This is a dynamic, high visibility position, offering attractive remuneration and multiple opportunities to learn about the firm's businesses, which range from quantitative and qualitative investment strategies to computational biochemistry. The ideal candidate should have a strong record of academic achievement and excellent communication skills. An analytical approach, attention to detail and the willingness to take initiative are prerequisites for the role. Interested Candidates can send across their updated Cv's directly on my mail ID. Thanks & Regards, Apurva Koul Email : apurva@mounttalent.com Contact: 9818588837 Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for right candidate Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mount Talent consulting MTC Mount Talent Consulting, an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Training's & Assessments & Consulting. MTC started operations in 2007 with a vision to set new benchmarks while delivering on niche turnkey assignments in the industry. With time we have evolved to cater to a diverse set of clients spread across different geographies. We constantly strive to maximize our client's ROI (Return on Investment) and work on increasing the top line (Revenue) of the client's business by delivering the best. MTC has reached out to an array of clients with functions such as Recruitment's, Consulting & Knowledge Services through its team of young & dynamic professionals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details