TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The Communications Global Business Unit is a leading Provider of Operational Support Systems (OSS) to the telecommunications market. These systems simplify the service configuration & deployment processes enabling service providers to rapidly deploy new innovative services. The CGBU is focus on providing packaged software solutions to support key business processes around customers, service fulfillment, asset utilization and revenues. Must have at least 4 years of experience with Java/ J2EE/ Struts/ JSP. Understanding of object oriented programming techniques, design patterns and data access layer strategies. Strong knowledge of SQL and PL/ SQL Telecom knowledge a plus Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details