TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1) Department Description The Fusion Release Engineering team is responsible for all aspects of Build and Integration for Fusion Applications, Oracle's next generation business applications. This includes development, enhancements and maintenance of the build and patch generation system, tools and frameworks for audit, testing and reporting for both Java, C- code and Database build and lifecycle (build to deploy) as well as code line management. The work is highly technical and includes all aspects of software development from architecture, design to implementation. We work closely with Fusion development teams and Fusion Middleware across Oracle to ensure the highest possible quality of delivered code through the specification and implementation of standards and processes and the provision of tools, education and support to the development community. 2) Details of the posting This is an exciting opportunity to apply and develop your analytical and technical skills in the fast growing and dynamic field of Release Engineering and Build Automation. To manage the delivery of software systems based on a variety of technology components in a manner which provides the maximum reliability and minimum downtime to our customers, your responsibilities will include: Working closely with Development, Quality Assurance, Operations, middleware and Product Management teams in order to improve product development standards and processes. Designing and developing validation reporting and build automation utilities. Involvement in product design and development to continually enhance the build, installation and upgrade of our applications 3) Job Requirements The skills required include: Proven software development experience Knowledge of Oracle RDBMS, SQL and PL/ SQL, Perl, Unix/ Linux (including shell scripting) Knowledge of Apache web- servers, Weblogic server including app configuration and administration Production of Web pages involving CGI/ JavaScript/ AJAX/ HTML/ CSS with experience in design and implementation of linux scripts. Excellent communications skills 4) Additional details The role demands a reliable team player with the ability to multitask, often under low supervision. You'll have a record of problem solving and a strong desire to learn and develop. Prior experience in product release or application development is desirable and experience with Oracle Applications would be advantageous. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details