TITLE: SAP MM Functional Consultant_Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description We have an urgent opening of for one of the leading FMCG Industry Job Description Dear Candidate, I have immediate opportunity with our direct client. Following is the position details. Please let me know if you are available/ interested so we can further discuss this position. Also email me your resume and contact number where I can call you. Designation: SAP MM Functional Consultant Experience: 2- 3 Years Education: BE / MBA ( Candidate should be regular ) Salary: Negotiable Location: Hyderabad Job Description Materials Master, Vendor Master, service master, Source list, Info record. Uploading Material master, vendor master, source list and initial stock uploading through LSMW. All materials management configuration, testing and documentation. Business process understating, documentation to map the process in the ERP. Creation of plants and assignments storage locations, purchase organizations, purchasing groups. Coordination with other functions the concerned depts. Providing Functional Specs for new reports development. Post implementation support includes solving the request raised by the end user. Ensure timely response and resolution of problem tickets with in the stipulated time. SAP MM support on daily operations and new process configuration. Collection and mapping the user requirements in to SAP as per the business demands. Creation of condition records for different condition types. Creation of different types of input tax codes. Design and Configuration of release Procedures for External Purchasing documents. Knowledge on MM and SD integration and FICO. Preparation of user role matrix. Preparation of unit & of integration test scripts. Update & Circulate Issue log. Review & Conduct testing on ABAP Developments. MRP, Minimum Max level fixation. Sales forecasting uploading. Providing end user training and End user manual preparation materials management functional experience full life cycle implementation SAP Material Management module (E C C 6.0 ) SAP PP (Production Planing) , SAP SD (Sales Disctribution) and SAP FICO integration. Additional Information I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rectitude work force solutions Pvt. Ltd. Rectitude work force solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details