TITLE: VP, Software Engineering (ESTG)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. Job Overview This position is responsible for leading and overseeing the day to day activities of the engineering team of a product or product line. They will also work closely with the strategy and product management teams to envision and define features in the product roadmap and be accountable for the features development, deployment and support. Key Responsibilities Work closely with the strategy and product management teams to envision and define features in the product roadmaprnt Adapt goals for the business line based on changes in CA strategy. Ensure change initiatives are planned and executed in alignment with the desired business outcomes.rnt Direct, plan, control, and evaluate development activities for a product or product linernt Identify and track metrics that can be used to ensure objectives are met and recommend process improvements.rnt Partner with Product Marketing to understand and plan for future product release requirements and to ensure promotion of new features and product value.rnt Work with senior management, product management and marketing to define product direction.rnt Work with product management and marketing to produce roadmap, whitepapers and competitive analysis.rnt Work closely across teams to leverage best practices across multiple product lines and ensure consistency with the Company's software integration standards.rnt Offer significant input into planning of future product releases.rnt Advise on customer education requirements for new products and releases.rnt Maintain communication and public relations with customers and user groups.rnt Provide leadership, maintain visibility and accessibility, build relationships and promote communication with team by conducting regular team meetings and one- on- one sessions, traveling frequently to remote sites, and encouraging an open exchange of ideas and information.rnt Determine and recommend methods to streamline and improve development processes and procedures.rnt Speak externally regarding the Company's technology and product specific topics.rnt Translate product direction into plans to develop and deliver products.rnt Set and meet delivery dates, quality levels and customer satisfaction levels.rnt Determine critical priorities and monitor and control the activities and performance of staff to achieve those objectives.rnt Assign or reallocate duties to personnel to meet various workload pressures and variations where necessary.rnt Ensure staff understands and adheres to corporate policies and procedures.rnt Ensure appropriately qualified and experience personnel are recruited and trained.rnt Communicate frequently with equivalent level managers or senior outside contacts concerning projects, operational decisions, or commitments.rnt Perform resource allocation including budget and personnel. Handle escalations and all higher- level management issues.rnrnrn Typical Role Definition Strategic/ Business/ Operational Leadership. Typically leads a function or multiple 'sub- functions' within the company/ business unit/ brand and most commonly reports to an SVP. Expected to operate autonomously within area of responsibility and fully accountable for meeting strategic financial and operating objectives of the function or 'sub- functions'. Broad knowledge of all aspects within a particular function or 'sub- functions' based on in- depth knowledge experience in middle- management roles. Influences and sets direction for high profile products, processes, services and specific initiatives. Helps establish vision and goals for a specific function or 'sub- functions' that align with overall Company strategy and initiatives. Mobilizes high level technical resources to execute plans around new initiatives/ products. Helps deliver strategic and financial results by growing the business and meeting customer needs - may be involved in planning strategic alliances, capital investments or new product launches. Resolves highly complex problems that require resolution at a senior management level and which often have little or no organizational precedent. Overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting, managing expense priorities, and recommending and implementing changes to methods. Adapts goals based on changes in company strategy. Analyzes and challenges current working methods to create improvements in processes and results. Initiates project related work that impacts functional operations. Determines the necessary infrastructure to support business needs within the function or 'sub- functions'. Helps grow future leaders by giving them accountability and opportunities for growth. Ensures compliance with regulatory requirements for the function or multiple 'sub- functions'. Job- Specific Authority and Scope Generally works without consulting their manager.rnt Independent decisions are made daily.rnt Typically has 6- 10 direct reports.rnt Typically has a total staff of 51- 100.rnt Typically has a global geographic focus.rnt Typically manages a total budget of up to $50 million USD.rnrnrn Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 25 percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands: Office environment. No special physical demands required.rnrnrn Preferred Education Master's level degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Sciences Work Experience Typically 12 or more years of experience in software development with leadership and management experience in a medium to large software company with at least 7 years in a leadership role. Skills & Competencies Business Domain Expertise: Masteryrnt Engineering Excellence / Agile: Masteryrnt Requirements Analysis: Masteryrnt Design: Masteryrnt Coding: Masteryrnt Defect Root Cause Identification / Problem Analysis: Masteryrnt Quality Validation: Masteryrnt Configuration Management: Masteryrnt Technical Leadership: Masteryrnt Communication - Written: Masteryrnt Communication - Interpersonal: Masteryrnt Leading Yourself: MasteryrnrnrnLeading the Organization: AdvancedLeading through Others: Mastery If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details