TITLE: ASIC Digital Design Engr, Sr I

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Defines, develops, and verifies semiconductor integrated circuit digital and mixed signal circuits. Generates design and verification specifications. Determines architecture design, logic design, test benchdesign, and test cases. Defines module interfaces and formats. Evaluatesand exercises various aspects of the development flow which may include such items as RTL development, functional simulation, constraint development, design for test logic, synthesis, timing analysis, power analysis, behavioral modeling, and verification coverage metrics. Generates documentation for circuit development, test plans, verification environments, and usage. Will participate in evaluation and troubleshooting of digital and mixed signal circuits. Has a strong desire to learn and explore new technologies. Demonstrates good analysis and problem- solving skills. prior knowledge of Systemverilog any of the methodologies VMM/ UVM/ OVM is desired. Any knowledge of protocols Pcie/ SATA/ USB is a strong plus. Knowledge of scripting languages perl/ shell programming is a definite advantage. knowledge of synthesis/ lint/ formal tools is a big plus. The selected candidate will have a chance to work on verification/ design of digital portion of high- speed serdes. This position gives a good chance to explore a wide range of VLSI domain activities from verification to Synthesis/ ATPG flows. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synopsys (India) Private Limited Synopsys (India) Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details