TITLE: Technical Analyst 2- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Your primary task will be to provide support to customers who contact the Oracle Solution Center and maintain high level of customer satisfaction while meeting guidelines (mostly through electronic means) . Able to work with general guidance from senior support engineers and management and, in some areas, may work independently. Solutions often take time to develop through research, collaboration or problem replication. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. One year prior working experience with Oracle products (or at least two years related experience without Oracle products) and technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR functional degree technical higher degree or in lieu of degree may substitute 4 years professional experience and professional certification (i.e., CNE, MCSE, CPA, Oracle, etc.) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate should have atleast 3 yrs of experience working on OBIEE. Excellent command over OBIEE Ver 11g. Should have worked in development projects. Should have strong knowledge of any of the ETL Tool (Informatica or ODI) with good command on SQL. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details