TITLE: Senior Cashier - Finance & Accounts

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- 1)Daily update all F&A data and assist in finalization of accounts accurately. a)Responsible to regular update all Finance & accounts details in the available ERP (SAP). b)Responsible to coordinate with Production, Procurement, operation and commercial teams and ensure to collect the required supporting data to update in ERP as per the schedule. c)Responsible to generate reports as per the business requirement and assist in reconciliation of accounts in coordination with In-charge-F&A. 2)Verification of Bills, Preparation of Payment voucher and accounting from time to time. a)Responsible for checking & verification of all kinds of Bills like vendors/suppliers bills, casual labour bills, canteen Bills, Farmers Bills, transport Bills etc., from time to time. b)Responsible to make timely payments against bills by ensuring funds in coordination with Corporate Finance & Account Team. 3)Petty Cash handling and reconciliation of cash & bankbooks. a)Responsible to maintain and arrange petty cash payments through voucher duly verification of bills from time to time. b)Responsible to reconcile the petty cash books of accounts, transactions with bankbooks on day-to-day basis without any deviations. c)Responsible to ensure all collection cash is tailed with OM Module and Cashbook and all impress Cash tailed with physical cash denomination by the day-end cash closing. d)Preparation of monthly bank reconciliation statement. e)Responsible to ensure cash in safe and insured limits and preserving properly in safe under lock and key. 4)Regular Coordination and liaison with Banks from time to time. a)Coordinate and liaison with all concern Bank Officials in obtaining Demand Drafts, Cheques and other accounts statements etc. b)Liaison with banks and arrange to open salary accounts to the New entrants within the schedule time. 5)Regular update, implementation and generate reports from Financial Module of ERP (SAP). a)Responsible to monitor, updating required data in financial Module of ERP (SAP) and generating the reports as per requirement. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details