TITLE: Mainframe PM

SKILLS: IT Software - Mainframe

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience : 11 - 15Years Role: Mainframe PM Job Location: Bangalore/ Chennai Role Description Responsible for development and implementation of applications using Mainframe technologies and also should be responsible for Build/Deployment and Support of the application. The identified resource will need to be in constant verbal and written contact with key stakeholders and peers in India and U.S. Ensure compliance to standards and best practices for development including change management, release management, & source code control. Perform on-call duties on a rotation basis maintain and support production code as required, document and perform disaster recovery exercises. Candidate Description Should possess good knowledge on CICS, COBOL, DB2, VSAM and JCL. Good CICS System knowledge would be valuable. Good understanding of CICS Dynamic Transaction Routing process. Should be familiar with DB2 tools, File-Aid, scheduler and debugger tools. Good communication and ability to interact with Partners. Good presentation and interpersonal skills. Exposure to Brokerage/Finance domain will be an added advantage. Skills/Knowledge and experience Familiarity with mainframe technologies CICS, COBOL, DB2, VSAM and JCL. Must have at least 10 to 12 years of industry experience Experienced with industry standard test management tool(s) and JAVA a plus Bachelors degree required Behavioural attributes High level of commitment, initiative, vision and enthusiasm Creative, energetic, assertive hands-on professional who enjoys the challenge of change Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mainframe Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Change Management Release Management Build Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Recruise US Based Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details