TITLE: Good Opportunity for DVT Engineer @ Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, we have urgent requirement for embedded developers Job Description: Prepare and run the web application software test plan for different features in application. Automate the existing/new features using TCL / Python / Robot frame works. Conduct and participate in design reviews and test plan reviews. Perform unit and system level testing of implemented software modules and enhancements using lab test equipment needed Must have good knowledge on Test Automation development using TCL / Python / Robot Framework Must be familiar with L2/L3 network device function, configuration and protocols (VLAN, TCP/IP, DHCP, IPv4, etc). Familiarity with common industry test equipment (Cisco Switches/Routers, IXIA traffic generator) is required. Should have good hands on experience in design test beds/topologies, handling various traffic equipment/tools also help in reproduce customer issues etc. Should be able to take complete ownership of module/feature. Experience on WIFI (802.11) protocol testing is preferable CWNA / CCNA certification is preferable If interested, Please forward your updated CV to rafi@cambio.co.in Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Other Graduate PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.S/M.D - Any Specialization, Other Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cambio Consulting We are established consulting firm providing a wide spectrum of services in the HR Domain consulting services. Our core belief is that people are the most valuable asset for any company. Leading from that is our aim to offer not just recruitment support but also be a strategic adviser to all our customers. We plan to achieve this by understanding the client's business process, industry domain and develop market intelligence in order to provide a right fit for all the positions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details