TITLE: Bench Sales Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Warm Greetings from ScaleneWorks People Solution LLP. We have urgent requirements for Bench Sales Recruiter at Scaleneworks. Duties and Responsibilities Marketing and sales of Bench consultants with Tier one vendors, Implementation partners. Searching the requirements in Job boards like. according to skills of Bench candidates Work with Preferred Vendors, Tier 1 and Implementing Partners. Sending Hot-list to vendors daily Posting Hot-list to Google Groups daily Updating resumes in job boards. Exposure to different Visas like H1B, OPT, OPT EAD, GREEN CARD, L1, and L2. Work on recruiting OPT Consultants, H1B consultants, Green Card Holders & US Citizens for direct Client requirements & Vendor Requirements. Following up with vendors after submissions & getting work order and contracts. Keeping an eye of covering all requirements received & scheduling interviews. Booking Itinerary-sending consultants for F2F. Worked directly with hiring managers to cultivate requirements / consultants and new strategies. Responsible for getting PO (Purchase Orders) and Master Agreements signed by vendors, and employers. Reach out for the maximum number of requirements which are open in the market. Establish and manage relationships with Employers and third party agencies. Speaking with Vendor/Hiring Managers on regular basis to get the open positions which match bench consultants and also asking for Please refer to the Job description above Education Details tion- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not RequiredIndustry: Recruitment / Staffing - Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR - Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR- Role:Recruitment Executive- Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Bench Sales HR Recruitment Staffing Marketing Hiring H1B Administration IR Third Party Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details