TITLE: Salesforce Openings

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from SK Vedainfo Universal Technologies Pvt Ltd!! This is Vimala, Global Resource Specialist with SK VedaInfo, a Development and Staffing Company. We have urgent openings on the below requirement, if you are interested, please send me your updated resume in WORD FORMAT ONLY to Vimala.s@vedainfo.in Role: Salesforce.com Teamlead & Asst. Manager Experience: 5-12 years Locations: Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Chennai Education: Full Time Graduation Must Have: Perform Business Analysis front-ending with clients 6-12 Yrs of Experience with at least 5+ Yrs of SFDC BA experience. Conduct requirement gathering and road mapping exercises. Prepare and Conduct CRP sessions with clients. Proficient in CRM domain with deep knowledge of relevant technologies e.g. Salesforce.com preference for hands on experience in Salesforce.com Configuration and Administration Good business knowledge of Salesforce Automation Salesforce certification would be a plus Strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Mandatory Candidate Details: Complete Name: Primary & Alternate Contact Number: Primary & Alternate Email ID: Date of Birth: Marital Status: Pan Card No (Mandatory): Highest Educational Qualification : University & Percentage: Current Location with pincode(Mandatory): Preferred Location: Current Company Name: Total IT Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: LPA Expected CTC: LPA Notice Period Holding any offer: Reason for job change: Any work Authorizations: Interested for onsite : Kindly submit your updated resume with the details requested to vimala.s@vedainfo.in to consider for current opportunity and also for future client openings.. Refer your friends or colleagues, if they are looking for a job change. Stay connected to know the latest Job openings LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/vsheen7 Thanks and Regards Vimala R S Vedainfo vimala.s@vedainfo.in www.vedainfo.com 040-65221999 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 6-12 Yrs of Exp with at least 5+ Yrs of SFDC BA exp.Good business knowledge of Salesforce AutomationStrong analytical and problem solving skillsSalesforce.com Configuration and AdministrationPrepare and Conduct CRP sessions with clients. Company Profile: SK VEDAINFOUniversal Technologies Pvt. ltd Vedainfo Inc is a 8 year old IT solutions company.Our passion is to transform the way business gets done, with unique combination of world class service, strategic thinking, creativity and technological expertise.We design and build powerful and meaningful IT business systems.Onsite, Offsite and Offshore.VisionVedainfo's purpose is to contribute for positive change by becoming the trusted partner of choice for customers and stake holders, and achieve global leadership position in select domains. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details