TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Organization Name: Oracle E- Business Suite Performance Group (India) - Hyderabad Department Description: The Applications Performance team is responsible for optimizing the performance and scalability of the Oracle E- Business Suite. We work closely with application developers on the design and architecture of Ebusiness Application. We also work with Oracle's technology groups including the database server and middleware development teams to identify and resolve technology stack (Database, Developer Suite, JServ, OC4J, WebLogic Server and OHS) performance issues. If you would like to make the difference in helping to design and optimize Oracle E- Business Suite, then look no further. We provide a challenging, dynamic, and fast paced work environment. Job Requirements: Highly motivated self- starter who can contribute significantly to improve the performance of the Oracle E- Business Suite. Perform moderate to large complex problem solving with assistance and guidance from the subject matter experts Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others Work is non- routine and complex, involving the application of advanced technical skills in the areas of application tuning Multi- tasking and the ability to work on different tasks based on priority BS or MS in Computer Science or Engineering is preferred. Minimum of 3 years software engineering or related experience Desired Skills: Good understanding of software architecture and the development life cycle. Experienced and knowledgeable in some or all of the following technologies: Database Administration, Developer Suite (Forms, Reports) , JServ, OC4J, WebLogic, Framework and OHS. Proficiency in SQL, PL/ SQL, and performance tuning (Development background with some DBA skills) Preferred Oracle Applications Knowledge but not essential. Strong analytical and problem solving skills Good verbal and written communication skills Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details