TITLE: Travel Counsellor, Hyderabad- India

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Travel Counsellor, Hyderabad- India Job ID#: 38673 Apply with LinkedIn Region: APAC Country: India Location: Hyderabad Work from Home: No Scope: Local Global Employment Type: Permanent full- time Department Function: Traveler Services Reporting To Position Title: Manager GDS: Galileo Position Purpose Carlson Wagonlit Travel (CWT) is a global leader specializing in business travel management and our travel counselors know that teamwork and great results have no boundary. We are proud to have been named the most admired Travel Management Company and we are even more proud that we achieved it together. Whether we are booking government travel, advising on international security or establishing relationships with global corporations, we work as a family. We support each other. We grow as a team. And to us, thats what makes a world of difference. Learn about our Travel Counselor opportunities and start your journey. Provide a full International consulting service to corporate clients for ticketing requests that are rejected by Aqua to the IDC by CWT. The consulting tasks are to be carried out in a proficient manner and in accordance with CWT Procedures and Standards, account specific Service Level Agreements (SLA) /Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and Travel Policies. Position Responsibilities Achieve expected transactions as per Key Performance Indictors (KPIs) . Finalise and ticket PNRS and booking records in accordance with operational guidelines. Ensure revenue opportunities are met at all times. Maintenance and actioning of online & offline queues, ensure queue procedures are followed at all times. Keep line Manager informed of real issues, such as service disruptions or technical faults. Ensure teamwork and effective communication occurs at all times. Attend required training sessions in order to keep abreast of product (s) . Raise Service Alert Advices and inform your immediate manager to ensure prompt resolution. Complete all tasks assigned in accordance with CWT standard requirements. Ensure online booking requests are actioned within required SLA commitments. Provide and maintain a high level of service. Offer value added alternatives and solutions in accordance with client and CWT directives. Position Requirements Adherence to all company policy and procedures. Completion of transactions to be accurate and with no negative financial impact to client or CWT. This includes but is not limited to: Agency Debit Memos (ADM) Net Remit- Errors Ticketing errors Obtain appropriate authority from credit card- holder to charge card. ARC errors such as excess Void tickets; not removing- the correct coupon from issued ticket; incorrect completion of Miscellaneous Charges Order (MCO) . General accuracy with information ie: - Passport & visa, quotes Processing accurate accounting information through- Matrix. Ensuring client is advised appropriate rules, regulations and any- cancellation requirements. Back to top Share: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Travel Agent Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CARLSON WAGONLIT TRAVEL CARLSON WAGONLIT TRAVEL Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details