TITLE: Oracle SOA Admin - Teksystems is Hiring

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, My name is Ramya Ramaiah and I represent TEKsystems India. TEKsystems, an Allegis Group company, is the worlds largest and leading Technology Staffing Company. Allegis Group is one of the worlds largest privately held companies with over US $8.5 Billion in revenues and over 100,000 employees worldwide. We have our operations in United States, Europe, India and other Asian countries with 300+ offices worldwide. At TEKsystems we are looking for SOA Administrator for one of our client. Please find the details below: Job Description: Experience: 4 - 8 years Location : Bangalore/Hyderabad WebLogic and SOA - Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Load Balancing, Clustering, Deploying Applications and Maintenance. Create, Configure and tune WebLogic domains/applications for performance WebLogic JDBC Connection Pool and Multi-pool configuration with Oracle Database. Strong production support experience with one or more components in the SOA Suite. Deep understanding of SOA application architecture Configure, Install, Deploy, Maintain Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control Agents. Configure / Discover Fusion Middleware Targets Configure Monitoring of WebLogic using Enterprise Manager 12c. Configure SOA Composite using Enterprise Manager 12c Experience with Weblogic in Linux / Solaris environments. Knowledge in ITIL framework Administration, Configuration, Upgrades, Patching and Installation of Oracle Applications products (Release 11i and 12) including Oracle databases (Release 10g and above). If interested, write back to me along with your updated profile and the following details and your convenient time to the ID rramaiah@teksystems.com Total Experience: Relevant Years of experience: Current company: Current CTC: EXP CTC: Notice Period: Work Location: Bangalore/ Hyderabad Kindly note that we are looking for candidates who can join within 15 days. In addition if you are aware of other Technical Professionals who may be interested in opportunities; please give them my contact information. Regards, Ramya Ramaiah 080-30705053 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. Allegis is a US based $12billion world leader in recruitment and staffing services to over 4000 customers globally. We are into this business for about 25 old years. Coming to our Indian Operations, we are about 7yrs and we are into different business verticals by means of acquisitions and partnerships. One of the top vendors to 95% of Fortune 500 companies. Employs over 100,000 employees across different parts of the world Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 1st Largest in the US World's largest "Technology" staffing company - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) We are into all the 4 core HR areas that include Perm hiring, Contract staffing, large scale RPO Engagements and executive search. Apart from this we are also into IT and Engineering services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details