TITLE: Technical Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The main role of a Support Engineer is to troubleshoot and resolve highly complex techno- functional problems. The key skills put to use on a daily basis are - high level of techno- functional skills, Oracle products knowledge, problem solving skills, and customer interaction/ service expertise. This work includes: Work directly with Customers for Advising on complex use of Oracle products Resolving highly complex and mission- critical issues Manage highly complex and critical customer issues Serve as Situation Manager on highly sensitive issues Consult with Management in directing resolution of critical Customer situations Knowledge gain and sharing - achieve knowledge transfer with teammates through development and delivery of formal team training sessions formal mentoring for promoting the technical and professional development of others creation/ review of Knowledge Articles Operations Management Analyze work load, determine best practices and implement changes to improve productivity Proactively contribute to improve the team efficiency by sharing knowledge, providing feedback about best practices, designing tools / utilities etc. Participate and drive initiatives that Improve overall product and documentation quality New products/ releases testing and Support Readiness Beta programs Customer service improvement Note: This role may need you to work on weekends and multiple shifts on rotation basis. What are we looking for ##Academics: 1. BTech, or MTech in Mechanical, Production, Industrial, Chemical, Electrical, Computers Engineering 2. or MCA or MSc (Maths/ Physics/ Chemistry) or Chartered Accountants with work experience in working with business applications 3. MBA (Operations/ Systems) is a plus ##Technical and Professional Skills: We are looking for a techno- functional person who has real- time hands- on functional/ product and/ or technical experience; and/ or worked with L3 level support; and/ or having equivalent knowledge. Oracle Financials knowledge is not mandatory, but will be an advantage. We expect you to have: 1. Strong Financials business processes knowledge and concepts, so when you interact with a Customers/ Consultants, you are able to speak their business/ functional language, and win their confidence quickly. 2. Ability to relate the product functionality to business processes, and thus offer implementation advices to customers on how to meet their various business scenarios using Oracle Financials. 3. Strong problem solving skills so you can quickly narrow down to the root cause of the issue reported. 4. Strong Customer interactions and service orientation so you can understand customers critical situations and accordingly provide the response, and mobilize the organizational resources, while setting realistic expectations to customers. 5. Strong operations management and innovation orientation so you can continually improve the processes, methods, tools, and utilities. 6. Strong team player so you leverage each others strengths.You will be engaged in collaboration with peers within/ across the teams every hour. 7. Strong learning orientation so you keep abreast of the emerging business models/ processes, applications product solutions, product features, technology features and use this learning to deliver value to customers on a daily basis. 8. High flexibility so you remain agile in a fast changing business and organizational environment. ## Personal Attributes: 1. Self driven and result oriented 2. Strong problem solving/ analytical skills 3. Strong customer support and relation skills 4. Effective communication (verbal and written) 5. Focus on relationships (internal and external) 6. Strong willingness to learn new things and share them with others 7. Influencing/ negotiating 8. Team player 9. Customer focused 10. Confident and decisive 11. Values Expertise (maintaining professional expertise in own discipline) 12. Enthusiasm 13. Flexibility 14. Organizational skills 15. Values and enjoys coaching/ knowledge transfer ability 16. Values and enjoys writing technical Bulletins 17. Values and enjoys teaching technical courses Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details