TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: Prepare annual business development plan and work plan. Maintain highest standards of professional conduct, ethics and integrity in the provision of services in the development of business opportunities. Contribute to achieve Company vision by supporting the translation of vision into strategy and objectives for all activities in the arena of Business Development. Gather market intelligence and disseminate the findings of business opportunities to facilitate the implementation of business strategy of Company. Set, manage and control the business activities in collaboration with other personnel in the company. Monitor achievement of performance objectives and regularly review performance of the Business Development and recommend corrective measures in order to achieve the business goal of Company. Ensure that the department business plans are within the agreed budgets and timescale. OPERATIONAL Identify prospective business opportunities relevant to our Services by following up with existing customers, participating in seminars and conferences, while obtaining field specific information from the specialists of relevant business. Expand and increase Company contact database by maintaining relations with existing customers and obtaining references for potential business development opportunities. Maintain reports regarding customer preferences and communicate findings of these reports to CEO to assist in focusing business development and increasing the sales. Prepare the project initiation document to be signed by the stakeholders. Conduct business development calls and presentations to potential and existing customers and new customers. Research potential new business opportunities locally and internationally. Service and develop additional business opportunities within current customer base. Prepare business proposals as to how the related professional services provided by Company can benefit the customer. Prepare demonstrations to customers to introduce the professional services provided by Company and obtain technical information from the relevant specialists. Utilize the received feedback from the customer to find methods in improving Company services and to tailor them to tend to specific customer requirements. Attend meetings and events to promote Company professional services and corporate image. QUALIFICATIONS: 4 to 8 years experience in Business Development Bachelor's or Master's Degree Experience in IT Services and Software Development Industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required MBA/ PGDM (Marketing ) Any Graduate Company Profile: Team Tranquil Software Solutions (P) Ltd. Team Tranquil Software Solutions (P) Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details