TITLE: Salesforce Engineer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work collaboratively in a Scrum-based Agile team. Design and develop the next generation of predictive analytics that tightly integrate the Model N transactional system with BI functionality. Work closely with Product Management to understand and redefine detailed business requirements. Drive robust and intelligent designs. Define and implement unit and acceptance tests. Mentor junior team members. Collaborate with Product Management to design and develop the user interaction of Analytics. Qualifications: Strong object-oriented design and data algorithm skills. Strong Java and Java EE programming skills. Salesforce.com integration experience between different business systems. Proficiency in programming using Salesforce SFDC, Force.com, JavaScript, and XML. Strong experience with configuration, customization, and programming with APEX APIs, APEX Triggers, and implementing new instances of Salesforce.com from scratch. Strong practical deployment knowledge of VisualForce, Sales Force configurations, Apex classes, APEX Web services, API, AppExchange deployment, and Salesforce.com s-controls. 3 years of experience in a SFDC environment, preferred. SFDC certification, a plus. Experience with Analytics applications or tools, a plus. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with strong focus on teamwork and ability to guide and mentor other team members. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Model N Model N, Inc. is a public American software company founded in 1999 and headquartered in Redwood City, California. The name "Model N" refers to "model next", as in 'the next big thing Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details