TITLE: Desktop Support Engineer for Delhi,hyderabad,jalandhar, Chennai,kochin

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are having very urgent opening for Desktop Support Engineer, Details are given below: Designation : Desktop Support Engineer Locations : Delhi,Jalandhar, Hyderabad,Chennai, Kochin Job Description: Responsible to provide the solution regarding any LAN issues in premises. Installing & configuring network printer and other hardware devices like (Projector, and Multimedia). Installation & maintenance of windows XP, 2003 server, 2008 server , WIN 7 ,WIN 8 ,etc. Installing & configuring of outlook and troubleshooting. Providing support to the Remote location . Configuration & backup of Black Berry, Windows Phones. Ensure computer hardware is safe & complies with health and safety legislation. Configuration and testing of any new hardware and software. Install, configure, and maintain systems and peripherals. Diagnose/Escalate and Troubleshoot Hardware, Software, Network, and Printer problems. Monitor and take follow-ups of calls raised by users. Working as per the company SLA. Providing the access to user as per the requirement and user rights management. Inspecting and verifying proper working of the system peripherals. Installing & configuring of outlook 2003 & 2007 and troubleshooting. Configuring and maintaining system in DHCP environment. Coordinate with the vendors related to IT equipments and update the status. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate should have EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION skils.Should be GRADUATE.Willing to work in NIGHT SHIFTS.Should have atleast 1.0 years relevant experience.Â Company Profile: Net Connect Pvt Ltd Specializing in IT Professional Services and Managed Services, Net Connect has garnered best of the breed IT professional, process and partners to supports its clients to enhance their IT operations and make better use of their IT Infrastructure. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details