TITLE: Senior Administrative Assistant

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. As a senior admin assistant, you will perform diverse secretarial duties and administrative functions requiring confidentiality, initiative and sound decision- making for a manager or a team of principals. You will rely on excellent organizational skills and the ability to effectively handle multiple priorities. You will need to adapt procedures, processes and techniques to the completion of assignments and in line with the department's activities and goals. Duties may be expanded to include coordinating meetings, coordinating travel arrangements, preparing presentation materials, ordering and maintaining supplies, submitting expenses and/ or review incoming correspondence and prepare responses. Additionally, you will exercise independent judgment, escalating serious or unique problems to higher levels. You may provide direction and guidance to less experienced team members. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Strong PC skills (proficient knowledge of MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) Exhibits increased proficiency in duties and expanded knowledge and application of software packages Knowledge of general office procedures (e.g., filing, correspondence, scheduling) Ability to adapt procedures, processes and techniques to the completion of assignments Effective interpersonal skills Superior oral and written communication skills Excellent telephone etiquette Advanced ability to organize Tact and good judgment in confidential situations and proven experience interacting with senior management At least three years of secretarial experience and meeting coordination Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details