TITLE: Sr Software Quality Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: As a Sr Software Quality Test Engineer, you will be responsible for testing a component, feature, feature set and system. Works independently and contributes to the immediate team and to other teams across business. Contributes to quality engineering discussions as part of agile software development teams with focus on new innovative software solutions. Requires developed and strong foundation of function skills and knowledge of relevant technologies. Essential Responsibilities: Leads Quality Engineering tasks involving estimation, planning and execution across the product versions. Participates in reviews and makes design/ technology choices from Quality Engineering perspective and has ability to analyze impact. Provides expertise in the quality engineering, test planning and testing methodology for a software project. Develops and executes maintainable automation/ manual tests for acceptance, functional, and regression test cases. Applies principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/ Agile/ XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques. Author and review test plans and validation and verification reports. Integrates project testing with continuous- integration process. Works with fellow team members to diagnose bugs and formulate solutions. Communicate effectively both within immediate team and global teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: Bachelor\'s/ Master\'s Degree in Computer Science/ Electrical/ Electronics/ Power Systems. Minimum 5 years of experience in testing of outage management systems or related system software products and/ or solutions Relevant experience in test automation framework development & execution and exposure to Software Testing both in Automated & manual environment. Strong interpersonal and written communication skills. Strong focus on satisfying the needs of the customers. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Ability to influence others and lead small teams. Lead initiatives of moderate scope and impact. Ability to coordinate several projects simultaneously. Effective problem identification and solution skills. Proven analytical and organizational ability. Exposure to Outage Management System/ Distribution Management Systems. Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details