TITLE: Programmer Analyst 3- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work with Oracle*s world class technology to develop, implement, and support Oracle*s global infrastructure. As a member of the IT organization, assist with the analyze of existing complex programs and formulate logic for new complex internal systems. Prepare flowcharting, perform coding, and test/ debug programs. Develop conversion and system implementation plans. Recommend changes to development, maintenance, and system standards. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. BS or equivalent experience in programming on enterprise or department servers or systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Department Description Oracle Applications Labs (OAL) a part of Oracle Applications Development runs the Oracle software that runsOracle. OAL is responsible for implementing, running, and improving nearly allof Oracle's Enterprise Applications: CRM, HCM, Financials, SCM, you name it. Weuse Oracle's own real- life business requirements as a "test bed" forinnovation. We often race out ahead of standard product and build extensionsand custom applications to meet the needs of our 100, 000- employee, Fortune 100 company.Once proven, our ideas and innovations quickly find their way back into coreproduct. We also ensure that Oracle is always Oracles best reference for ourenterprise applications Within OAL, the CRMS Salesteam is looking after the implementation and support of CRM Sales processes andapplications used at Oracle. Being a valued partner to Oracle's productdevelopment and internal business organizations by validating products andenabling the business process evolution, Team also showcase and share CRMimplementation best practices with customers. Working in partnership with theSales Line of Business, the team helps to enable process optimization andprovide solutions to business needs. The solutions owned by OALCRMS Sales are used by Oracle Sales organizations globally, supporting over20, 000 people. They include Oracle products and technologies such as OracleFusion CRM, Siebel CRM, Oracle Business Intelligence (OBI) , CRM Analytics, ADF/ extensibility framework, and SOA/ BPEL integration using AIA. - - - - - - - - The incumbent should haveextensive functional and technical hands- on capabilities and knowledge as itrelates to all aspects of Oracle technology with a heavy emphasis on the OracleApplications technologies. This is a hands- on technical position. Responsibilities Implementation/ Customization/ Codingextensions/ Support of Oracle Fusion CRM modules Being part of a Globalsolutions team. Partnering with the businessto define Business Practices and analyzing specific business problems. Participate in useracceptance testing on new products and versions Work with Development teamsto understand new capabilities and assist in resolving product gaps and enhancethe product to better meet the market place. Responsible for technicalset- up of CRM modules on implementation and production instances Develop and action migrationscripts, test plans and performance plans Work with Product Developmentand OAL groups to ensure system availability for Conference RoomPilots and User Acceptance Tests Conduct product training forbusiness/ end- users Develop and share bestpractice/ technical/ process documents Contribute to GlobalKnowledge Repositories Skill set BE/ BTech/ MCA/ Mtech/ ME/ MBAdegree from reputed institutions. 2- 8 years experienceImplementing/ Supporting Oracle ERP/ CRM applications. Good experience in Java/ J2EE, SQL, PL/ SQL, ORACLE DB and ADF. Proficiency in relationaldatabase concepts Excellent written and verbalcommunication skills Ability to communicate withother teams to resolve the issues and get the dependencies resolved Strong Customer Managementskills Strong Relationship BuildingSkills Strong Team player in takingownership of issues and resolving them. Desirable skills Experience inSOAP/ XML/ Web Services, Experience in Oracle SOA/ BPEL, Oracle ADF, ODI, OBIEE. Experience is designing anddeveloping web- based applications Strong functional skillsin CRM modules. Knowledge on CRM Sales, Marketing and eCommerce flows Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details