TITLE: Scrum Master

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Collaborate with engineering teams and product owners to create a collaborative scrum environment. Facilitate Scrum events: Roadmap Planning, Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, Daily Standups, etc. Protect the teams from distractions by removing impediments at all levels of the organization. Coach the teams on Agile practices and encourage adoption and build an environment that fosters Agile. Provide thought leadership around Agile best practices to internal teams and management. Fine tune Agile processes to deliver successfully within the corporate culture. Provide leadership and direction to the teams, business partners and management, and empower the teams to self- organize. Coach teams members to properly define and estimate Stories, while assisting the Product Owner to continually keep a sufficient set of stories defined and estimated. Highlight teams success within and outside the teams. Ability to visualize and report Scrum teams performance within the team and to a wider audience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills Agile Scrum Master Planning Desired Candidate Profile Core Qualifications / Requirements:Experience of 8-10 years; at least 3 years of experience working with software engineers as a scrum masterExperience in working with Scrum or Kanban frameworkExperience with offshore teams preferredExperience managing multiple concurrent projectsStrong facilitation experience Must enjoy (not just tolerate) working with people! Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details