TITLE: Remote Desktop Technician

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5- 7 years of Desktop Support experience within a busy, high volume call environment. Experience performing remote support. Extensive experience supporting Microsoft Active Directory (group memberships, shared drives access, policies, etc.) and Microsoft desktop applications. Strong customer service, analytical, and problem resolution skills. Work with global peers and technicians to ensure a smooth running of the daily process and have a good knowledge of the applications they are required to support. Maintain technical knowledge to keep up with rapid changes in technology. Take a proactive approach to clients requirements and identify recurring problems. Working knowledge of ticketing systems an advantage. Adhere to current policies and procedures. Meet and exceed metric requirements. Proactively monitor owned ticket volumes and maintain best practice. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required - Minimum of 1- 3 years experience on VDI platforms a plus - Windows XP / 7 platform support skills (preferably to MCP level) - Ability to work unsupervised and prioritize workloads - Novell/ Netware administration tools knowledge - MS Office 2007 / 2010 suite knowledge - Internet browsers (IE, Firefox and Safari) - Thorough understanding of network connectivity and latency impact - Proven track record in a desktop technical support environment - Strong communication skills; Excellent English (Written and spoken) - Excellent inter- personal and liaison skills - Comfortable in dealing with clients over the phone and 1 to 1, especially in critical situations - Clear and precise requests updated and feedback passed to team - Strong problem solving ability - Is understanding of and sympathetic to client requirements - Appreciates the potential business and technological impacts of issues - PDA implementation and troubleshooting Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details