TITLE: Manager, Product Development (India)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RealPage is looking for a creative and customer focused Development Manager to lead our OneSite Web Portals Implementation Team. The successful candidate will provide passionate customer service to both our internal and external customers by providing technical, functional, and strategic leadership for the implementations of our industry leading web based applications. They will manage all aspects of customer engagement from development of the business case to customer sign- off, including scheduling, resource management, roadmap alignment, , testing, internal and end- user training, sales and marketing support, and documentation. Supervises a team of up to 10 subordinate employees, with responsibility for the overall direction, coordination and evaluation of these employees. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Consults with management to analyze potential projects, determine the scope and priorities of projects, and resolve issues that arise with customers. Manages tasks and projects to schedule and budget. Develops project milestones and plans. Manages development and implementation of technical and functional strategies within group. Contributes to and communicates objectives and goals of the team. Identifies and directs process improvement activities. Leads team members in technical analysis to translate requirements into software design. Oversees development and implementation of software products and systems. Will manage relationships with different groups within RealPage to aid in the design and implement the system. Negotiates with consultants, technical personnel, and vendors for services and products to support product development. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE/ SKILLS/ ABILITIES Bachelors degree in computer related field; equivalent experience of 4 years may be considered in lieu of degree Minimum 7 years software related industry experience Minimum 2 years supervisory experience Strong analytical skills and reasoning ability Background in managing development of products/ systems on multiple platforms a plus. Demonstrated interest in, knowledge of, and enthusiasm for Internet technologies Flexible to work extended hours as needed specifically during monthly release cycles Must possess the ability to create, communicate, and execute a vision. Must be an effective developer of people with experience in coaching and mentoring. Must have a proven history of building great teams and cross functional partnerships. Must have excellent written and oral communication skills. Must possess in- depth knowledge of software development and testing best practices, concepts, technology, methodology, and trends in technology. Must be able to accurately estimate and plan new projects. Must have the desire and potential to advance in the organization. Must possess exceptional customer service skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Real Page India Real Page India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details