TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Review product requirements documentation and implementcomprehensive test plans and test cases covering this material. Work withdevelopment team members to develop and revise testing strategies and test cases. Interact with Product Management teams toensure proper test coverage and high quality of the projects delivered toproduction. Perform test execution, testanalysis and all phases of testing, including functional, regression, performance, usability, integration, acceptance, etc. Troubleshoot and analyze application issues to root causewhere possible. Report bugs into the bug tracking system with clear anddetailed steps to reproduce Work closely with QA Automation Engineers toidentify test cases conducive to automation Proactively participate inmaintaining team standards and best practices. Participate in deployments toproduction as needed QUALIFICATIONS: Ability to write test plans and test cases based on productrequirements and design specifications Strong attention- to- detail, analytical skills, and creativeproblem- solving skills. Ability to work effectively with Developers, Product Management team, and System Administrators Able to follow established processes and / or create new processif necessary. Self starter who learns quickly and takes immediate ownership ofprojects with little supervision. Experience with defect tracking systems. Proven ability to work on multiple concurrenttasks/ projects. Ability to work in a fast- paced environment. Strong organizational skills, able tocommunicate effectively in English and French, SQL knowledge would be a plus, strongknowledge in manual testing BS or MS degree inComputer Science or similar relevant area with minimum of 2 years of ITrelated experience. Java SE/ Java, Experiencewith web automation tools good to have and Desire to learn and growtechnically! Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details