TITLE: Software Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Are you interested in building cloud services which involves breadth of big data technologies Are you interested working in technologies used by big startups Have you been fascinated by the sophisticated technology involved in the advertising world We are setting up a new Oracle Data Cloud (ODC) group in Hyderabad with startup like high paced environment. This particular sub group will work with Datalogix products (a hot startup in the advertisement world recently acquired by Oracle) . The candidates should be very tech smart and be able to ramp up on products independently and quickly. It is good if we have experience in developing product from scratch. Engineers from premier institutes (like IIT, NIT etc.) will be a good match. Desired Skills & Experience: 7 to 16 years of development experience. Building Scalable Solutions handling lots of data Experience with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, NoSQL, Spark, Amazon Redshift etc. Algorithms / Datastructures Core Java Good with Software Architecture, Design and Coding Self- motivated with strong capability of fast learning Excellent analytical and Problem Solving Skills Good team player Experience of building complete service in Amazon AWS is a plus. More Background on the product: Datalogix provides industry- leading solutions for data- driven marketing to inform and measure cross- channel advertising. Aggregates and provides insights on over $2 trillion in consumer spending from 1, 500 data partners across 110 million US households. Over 650 customers, including 82 of the top 100 US advertisers such as Ford, Kraft and PepsiCo, as well as 7 of the top 8 digital media publishers such as Facebook, Google and Twitter. Datalogix is recently acquired by Oracle and is part of Oracle Data Cloud (ODC) . To know more about Oracle Data Cloud: https: / / www.oracle.com/ cloud/ daas.html To get an overview of Datalogix: http: / / www.oracle.com/ us/ corporate/ acquisitions/ datalogix/ general- presentation- 2395307.pdf Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details