TITLE: Information Security Technology Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for senior Information security technology architect (International & Domestic) projects (Design, engineering) of multiple solutions including working closely with cross functional IT teams for joint solutions on Info sec/ Telecom and creating more secured environments etc. Specific competencies: Technical depth in many, if not most of the following areas: network routing, VPN and firewalls, virtualization, containerization, virtual terminal solutions, intrusion detection/prevention, mobile, SIEM, SaaS security, utility computing, PKI, HTTP-based SOA/microservices, and Identity and Access Management Experience and understand leading security trends such as Cloud/ SaaS security, behaviour analysis, Algorithmic security Experience in Forensics and Cyber Attack mitigation Experience in end point security solutions Private Sector Cyber Risk operational experience Understand emerging digital business risk Advance knowledge on latest InfoSec trends and solution , having knowledge specific around BPO will be plus Eagerness to challenge the status quo, balanced with a reasonable and methodical approach to effecting change Own the strategic vision for infrastructure security architecture, including policy and frameworks, and ensure that they are aligned with overall business, IT, and operations strategies Evaluate emerging technologies against business and IT strategic needs and be the change catalyst Be up to date in the world of information security and related trends Lead, plan, design, develop and support projects. Conduct research and analysis and presents findings for review. Carry out complex assignments requiring the development of new or improved techniques and procedures. Provide technical direction and frameworks to meet business needs Identify strategic initiatives that align with the Council on Cybersecuritys Critical Security Controls Provide expert consultation for major InfoSec and network initiatives Provide advice and recommendations specific to customer requirements. Serve as a key representative on major information security and network initiatives Update standards and guidelines. Write technical and business documentation. Lead scoping and costing activities Guide and influence team members and business colleagues. Create presentations/solutions and articulate to boards and executives. Conceive, architect, and direct implementation of the systems and processes that provide the detective, preventive and corrective infrastructure controls Work with executives and other senior leaders to prioritize security initiatives based on quantitative analysis of risk. Work with other SMEs and technical support teams in the pursuit of technically excellent solutions. Produce technically excellent solutions architecture that is aligned to business needs and direction. Work with the network operations and project delivery teams to promote network standards and compliance Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vision Beyond Corporation The company for which we are hiring for is one of the leading organization in consulting and BPO setup. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details