TITLE: Websphere Application Server Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Job Description: Installation and Configuration of Web Servers Redirection and Redirect Rules configuration. Proxy Rules and configuration. Multiple Http Instance configurations. SSL certification Installation and configuration using Keytool , OpenSSL etc Virtual Host Configuration ( Name Based and IP Based ) Migration of sites from Older version to Upgrades Version of Web Servers. UPgradation of Web Servers to Newer version Patches and Fix packs implementation. Trouble Shooting Performance tuning and fine tuned Parameter Traces / Log files management. Application Servers : Web Architecture, External Load Balancer Architecture, Smart Proxy Architecture General configuration with HTTP Application Server Architecture What is the difference between different versions of Application Servers. What are the different types of clusters and advantages Clustering : High Availability Workload Management Load Balancing , Sticky Sessions, Clustered Session Replication , Clustering , Single Sign- On , Clustering with HA- JNDI , Clustering with Stateless Session Beans , Clustering with Stateful Session Knowledge of any Single Sing On products ( CA Siteminder , OAM ) Networking Concepts DNS, Firewall, HW Loadbalancer, Keep Alive, Sticky sessions Monitoring using Tivoli monitoring , Netcool , BMC Patrol , Willy etc. Expertise on Application Server Configurations : Data Source , SIB , JMS , LDAP , Node , Log Management etc. Profile Types , Domain types Trouble shooting : Error type ( 404, 500 etc... ) Garbage Collection , Thread Dump and Heap Dump , Out of Memory Issue , Thread Analyzer and Heap Dump analyzer Apply fixpack and patch management. Security Implementation. Hands on experience on SSL certificate implementation and management (gsk7cmd , keytool , openssl , certutil etc ) Migration to newer version of Application Server Upgradation to newer version of Application Server Performance tuning ( JVM Tuning , Web Container Tuning , Connection Pool Tuning , Tuning at OS level , Web Server Tuning ) Web Services configuration and Integration. Integration with LDAP / JMS and WebSphere MQ , Web Servers . Strong knowledge on integration with Proxy , Plugin modules with SSL . Knowledge of messaging serves like MQ , Tibco , Tuxedo etc. Strong Unix knowledge Strong Shell Script Knowledge Hands on experience on Jython , Python to perform the administration of Application Server. Incident Management Process, Problem Management Process, Change Management Process Ability to Lead and coordinate Disaster recovery Clear understanding of GC (Generation of young, tenured and Perm) , JDBC connection pooling, thread pools, JVM Heap. Analysis of GC , native logs, java_core , coredump Automation and Defect Prevention Plan. Problem Management and RCA. Mentor and leadership skills with good communication. Handle technical escalations and coordination with other teams ( Application team , Platform team , Database team , Network team etc ) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details