TITLE: Enterprise Application Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is regarding a position for Enterprise Application AdvisorÂ with our direct client located in Bangalore and Hyderabad . If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: Enterprise Application Advisor Location: Bangalore And Hyderabad Job Description Require candidate with 6 - 8 years of expertise will the below mandatory skills: Designing and developing the solution using the Workday Integration Tool Kit - Core Connectors, EIBs, Document Transforms, and Workday Studio. Understands business requirements, configures the solution, develops prototype systems and assists with testing. Provides outside the box thinking and creative solutions for uncommon issues and new or soon-to-be-released Workday enhancements. This individual will be working on highly visible, highly available, global solution He/She will liaison between IT developers, Consultants, business users, and management team in defining technology solutions, based on HR business needs, which require complex analysis and in-depth evaluations of industry standards/technologies and complex business/systems processes Initiates and drives major changes in architecture and development techniques/processes Establishes organization-wide relationships and serves as technical consultant to IT managers, peers, and business users Effectively communicates business issues and needs at a management level and provides technology solution recommendations With minimal supervision, capable of taking an ambiguous, complex problem, finding a concrete solution, and providing follow through to resolve the problem Serves as a lead technical resource in the strategic oversight and planning of Workday deployment Leads the architectural and development design based on functional design Gives technical guidance and mentors a team of developers on workday Integration tools. Performs code reviews and prepare technical documentation Detailed task tracking and managing technical dependencies with other technical teams Proactive identification of issues and risks Develops technical standards including coding guidelines and ensure adherence to technical standards Interacts with business users and I/T to define current and future application requirements Strong understanding and extensive experience: o Experience with web service integrations (SOAP, WSDL, XML). o Working knowledge of XSLT. o Workday Integration tool kit Core Connectors, EIBs, Report designer & Studio. o Experience with iterative or agile software development methodologies. Preferences Bachelor of Engineering or Master of Computer Applications 6-10 years of experience in SQL Server/Oracle, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Database performance tuning, Database administration (optional) Strong understanding and extensive experience: o Experience with web service integrations (SOAP, WSDL, XML). o Working knowledge of XSLT. o Workday Integration tool kit Core Connectors, EIBs, Report designer & Studio. o Experience with iterative or agile software development methodologies Designing and developing the solution using the Workday Integration Tool Kit - Core Connectors, EIBs, Document Transforms, and Workday Studio. Understands business requirements, configures the solution, develops prototype systems and assists with testing. Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment. Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills WSDL XML SOAP XSLT SQL Server Oracle Salary Database Administration Performance Tuning Stored Procedures Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Top IT Mncs About VARITE VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details