TITLE: Senior Member Technical Staff - 4560

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Member Technical Staff - 4560 Description Company: Mentor Graphics Job Title: Senior Member Technical Staff - 4560 Job Location: India - Hyderabad Job Category: R& D/ Software Engineering Job Duties: As automation software developer in the Electrical Systems Division of Mentor Graphics, the incumbent is required to understand, design and implement solutions for the electrical systems domain. 1. Interact with developers/ engineers to transform requirements into automation framework 2. Design and implement the framework for the requirements 3. Creating Plugins to meet varied customer scenarios 4. Participate in code/ design reviews and continuous improvement of product line 5. Interact with co- workers and stakeholders to improve the quality of the product and productivity of the team 6. Provide support to customer services group for addressing customers issues Job Qualifications: 1. Experience in Java, Data Structures, Object Oriented Design 2. Experience in scripting language PERL/ PYTHON/ RUBY etc.. 3. Some exposure to writing unit tests 4. Excellent analytical and problem solving abilities with a knack for developing algorithms 5. Ability to learn new technologies 6. Ability to understand the design and contribute to the design process 7. Highly self- motivated with an eagerness to learn and take initiatives 8. Follow software development best practices, lifecycle and methodologies 9. Good verbal and written English communication skills 10. Engineering graduate or post- graduate in any field of engineering with 2 or less than two years of experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mentor Graphics Mentor Graphics Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details