TITLE: Relationship Manager - Wealth for Hyderabad

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Manage relationships of an existing portfolio of clients to up-sell and cross-sell different products of the bank with main focus on Wealth. 2. Acquires new customers through active referrals from clients in existing portfolio and self generated leads and thereafter adds these clients to his/her existing portfolio for future cross sell. 3. Implements client engagement programs with a view to ensure top of mind recall for clients in his/her portfolio. 4. Easily establish relationship with customers and build a rapport. 5. Relate well to different types of customers and adapt his/her style to ensure that the customer is comfortable with the Bank. 6. Is able to instill confidence in the customer on providing financial advice related to investments, insurance, simple banking transactions. 7. Maintenance highest order of honesty, transparency and integrity in all his actions. Salary:INR Salary is not a constrain for the right candidates, please send your resume to nidhib@bfsisearch.com with a subject line "RM - Wealth" Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 8. Any Graduate / MBA with Sales experience of 3 - 6 years9. Experience in Investment firms, brokerage, Insurance companies, Banks and should have necessarily sold Mutual Funds/Insurance in his last assignment.10. Need to be in Relationship Management/Direct Sales role presently & catering to NR Customers (in case of NR RMs)11. Ready to relocate Hyderabad and Vijayawada location. Company Profile: AddRec Solutions Pvt.Ltd. Our Client is one of the Leading Bank of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details