TITLE: Data Engineer II

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon is seeking an outstanding business intelligence engineer to join Amazon's Customer Support BI team to build and support the BI platform and to drive the adoption of new BI technologies to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business and to have an immediate influence on day- to- day decision making at Amazon. The Amazon Customer Support Platform processes thousands of transactions every day across multiple countries and languages. The Amazon CS BI team stands squarely in the intersection of these systems, helping Amazon and its partners understand what the business did yesterday and influencing where it is going tomorrow. It delivers business intelligence to over hundreds of diverse community of internal customers from one of the worlds largest and most complex data sets. Amazon has culture of data- driven decision- making, and demands business intelligence that is timely, accurate, and actionable. Amazon CS BI is a fast paced environment where every day brings new challenges and new opportunities. As a BI Engineer, you will be developing and supporting a BI platform to address some of the unique challenges in this space. You will be responsible for designing and implementing a solution using third- party and in- house technologies which will handle the growing business needs. Responsibilities Design, implement, and support a platform providing secured access to large datasets. Interface with Tech Lead, and help delivering complete BI solutions. Model data and metadata to support ad- hoc and pre- built reporting. Design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions. Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation. Tune application and query performance using Unix profiling tools and SQL. Respond to high priority requests from senior business leaders. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications