TITLE: Applications Developer 2

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform detailed design based on provided high level design specifications. Assist in system planning, scheduling and implementation. Build enhancements (including new product features) and resolve bugs. Build and execute unit test and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Interact with QA and porting engineering about problems in the code. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 1 year of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required B.Tech preferably computer science Experience in designing, and building enterprise applications 2 years experience in Java / J2EE/ SQL/ PL/ SQL, Web development Knowledge of Oracle Fusion Middleware technologies, Eclipse or other IDEs, Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot/ diagnose complex technical issues Knowledge of Automation and automation tools will be a plus Very high problem solving/ troubleshooting and Strong communication skills Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details