TITLE: Programmer Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Leads the creation of all source code repositories (VOB, View, License and Registry Servers), management security model, backup/restore of the source code repositories, and upgrading the version control system. Ensures all source code deployment activities are coordinated for all development, test and production environments. Prepares CM plan. Provides technical guidance to users. Monitors the performance and work of team members, mentors team members with regards to technology, practices and standards, and reports same to management. Communicates source code deployment best practices to team members. Ensures application build procedures are developed and documented. Writes scripts to automate the process, and migration of source code repositories. Ensures team members are trained in technology, practices and standards and in build/deployment best practices. Leads the Development team in preparing projects for deployment. Works closely with Development, QA, and Release Management teams to solve complex build/deployment issues and challenges. Provides team direction to ensure any items included in the source code deployments have gone through the appropriate management approval channels. Leads the research of new methods, approaches, or technologies to improve deployment efficiencies. Trains staff to meet corporate goals and objectives. Qualifications Required: Must have a Master of Science Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or foreign equivalent, and at least 3 years experience; alternatively, qualified candidates can have a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or foreign equivalent, and at least 5 years experience. Required experience must be as a Software Engineer or substantially similar position, and include utilizing the following: UCM ClearCase, Clear Quest, version control and configuration management processes and best practices, Scripting, Perl, Batch, and continuous integration tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Any Post Graduate Any Graduate Company Profile: Oberon IT, Inc Oberon IT, Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details