TITLE: Sales Representative II Suture Hyderabad

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Together Medtronic and Covidien are working to improve howhealthcare addresses the needs of more people, in more ways and in more placesaround the world. As one company, we can accelerate and advance our ability tocreate meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right peopleon our team. This is the ideal opportunity to join us, and be part of ourcommitment to the health of others. We know the combined resources of Medtronic and Covidienwill be transformative, creating new methodologies and new opportunities. Whateveryour specialty or ambitions, you can make a difference at Medtronic - both inthe lives of others and your career. Medtronic is a $27.8b company with more than 85K employeesin more than 160 countries. We are an affirmative action/ equalopportunity employer. POSITION Position : Sales Representative II/ Senior Product Specialist (6- 9Years) Function/ Department: Soft Tissue Implant, STI has a comprehensive surgical products portfolio, including suture, advanced wound closure, bio- surgery and a broad line of hernia repair products, including mesh, biologic implants & fixation.. The Covidien hernia portfolio delivers innovation, reliability, performance and advantage throughout all product lines. Location : Hyderabad Direct Reporting to Indirect Reporting to ZSM/ RM Job Summary : The Senior Product Specialist/ Sales Rep II is responsible for achieving sales revenue through generating orders through clinical/ operating room selling of the Covidien products & representing Covidien in accordance with its policies. Responsibilities : Achieving secondary sales targets month on month ( How- be present in OTs at least 4 times a week, 4 quality sales calls every day, Key account management, key account profiles for top 5 accounts in the respective territory ) Achieving Focus product targets - both quantity and value - month on month ( How - OT presence- 4times a week, minimum of 4 sales calls per day, collecting data on competitive product usage and types of surgeries performed, product demonstrations, proactive product evaluations ) Account Management: Driving sales targets for the assigned Class of Trade (COT) Customer relationship management Recommending and organizing marketing activities Establishing long- term medical- scientific/ strategic relationships with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) and with related major medical associations and academic Centers of Excellence (COEs) Acting as a medical- scientific expert between Covidien and the medical community through the communication of medical- scientific evidence- based data. Organizing CMEs [ _ Continuing Medical Education_ ] and other marketing activities as approved by the marketing team in conjunction with the Regional Managers. Timely reporting of weekly reports and trackers for focus products Qualifications PERSON Qualifications : B.E or B.Tech ( Bio Medical Engineers / Bio Technology) / B. Pharma / Bachelors Degree in Sciences from an accredited university. M.Tech ( Bio Medical Engineers / Bio Technology) / M.Pharma/ Masters Bachelors Degree in Sciences from an accredited university / MBA Bio Technology Functional Experience: Maximum of 2 to 6 Years of Experience. Sales experience from Pharma Super Specialty domain is acceptable. Some experience of handling KOLs desirable Required Skills: Strong learning agility and problem solving skills. Demonstrates integrity and recognized as a role model by their peers and manager. Clinical selling aptitude. Strong interpersonal and presentation skills. Highly optimistic and indomitable spirit. Excellent communicator with a good command of written and spoken English. Excellent computer skills with experience of Microsoft Word/ Outlook/ Excel/ PowerPoint. Willingness to travel Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details