TITLE: Asp.net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Must have an understanding of customer and partner business and IT environment, and have demonstrated skills designing and developing technology in area(s) of specialization to solve business problems. Must have experience developing software for the Microsoft platform using programming languages and development platforms including C# or any modern programming language and Microsoft SQL Server. Participates in the delivery of complex solution as technical individual contributor or as a team member under coaching/guidance of senior team members. Strong knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle methodology Technical design, development and implementation decisions on the use of technology in area(s) of specialization. Ability to read, interpret and/or develop Technical specifications, diagrams and database schema Validate code on customers system and educate customers team on applying the code. Work with Leads to map solution and technical information to customers context. Work with Leads on areas of local prototype, or proof of concept, to test solution. Write or modify programming code to suit customers needs. \ Unit test to assure meets requirements, including integration test as needed. Ability to understand and analyze issues and uses judgment to make decisions. Strong problem solving & troubleshooting skills Strong communication skills Responsible for self-development according to professional development plan Areas of Expertise .NET Tools and Technologies experience of leveraging the same and designing, implementing and deploying Business Mission Critical applications. Database skills for Microsoft SQL Server development. Sound knowledge of ASP.NET MVC, WCF, WPF / Silverlight and Scripting languages would be preferred. Prior Experience in Microsoft Azure or Windows 8 Application development is a definite plus. Educational Qualification: Must have a degree in Computer Science Engineering or equivalent work experience. Higher relevant education preferred. Highly proficient & solid Customer facing Project experience involving solution design, project envisioning, planning, development and deployment of complex solutions Must have a proven record of delivering technical solutions Having a MCSD/MCSE//MCAD certification is a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Hiring asp.net developers for a product based MNC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details