TITLE: UI/UX Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities: middot Design user interfaces, wireframes and prototypes. middot Work closely with Product Managers to create a unified visual experience. middot Collaborate with designers, developers and QA to ensure quality work middot Working closely with team members to understand features and context for deliverables, such as sketching, wire framing, mock-ups with Photoshop/Adobe CS/Axure and high fidelity prototyping. middot Working according to Product Development Sprint schedule and providing timely high fidelity prototypes to Engineering. middot Design elegant web user interfaces for use with HTML5, JavaScript and similar technologies middot Assisting Engineering with front-end and accessibility implementation of features. middot Collaborating cross-functionally to audit and correct user interface bugs. middot Stay current with creative technologies and standards. Required Skills middot 5 years of user interface design and front-end development for Web applications. middot Strong design portfolio is a plus. middot Highly skilled in Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite mdash Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Fireworks, Flash and Dreamweaver middot Thorough understanding of technical and visual constraints of design on various hardware, devices, and platforms (iPad, mobile phones, desktops, tablets, Android, iPhone, etc.). middot Comprehensive understanding of web standards and front-end development. middot Online portfolio of recent work middot Strong communication and organizational skills middot Experience with one or more MVW frameworks such as KnockoutJS, Backbone, AngularJS and/or KendoUI middot Experience building responsive web applications for multiple devices middot Experience with HTML5 and Responsive designs middot Experience with developing e-commerce websites middot Experience with CSS frameworks (Bootstrap) is a plus. middot Experience with CSS pre-processors (SASS) is a plus. middot Experience with RESTful JSON APIs is a plus. middot Able to work in lean and agile environments middot Proven ability to find simple solutions to complex problems. middot Experience in Web 2.0 standards (JavaScript, JQuery), HTML/HTML5/CSS, JSON, XML middot Knowledge of other languages/technologies such as Java, Groovy/Grails, etc. middot Ability to work closely with cross-functional teams to conceive, develop, and present brilliant interactions and elegant experiences. middot Well-versed in fundamental visual and interactive design architecture disciplines and principles. middot Solid communicator, great on keeping key stakeholders and others posted with appropriate levels of detail in a timely manner; speaks and writes clearly and concisely. middot Strong prototyping & visual skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Computer Science ) Company Profile: Kollasoft India Pvt. Ltd Kollasoft India Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details