TITLE: Walk-ins for Production Department on 02.04.2016

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walk-In Date: 02nd April, 2016 (Saturday) Department: Production Position: Chemists / Officers / Executives Experience: 02 Years - 06 Years Venue: Neuland Laboratories Ltd, Survey No: 8-2-120/113, Road No:2, Sanali Info Park, Near TDP Office, Hyderabad Telangana Time: 09:00 AM to 02:30 PM Advised to carry the below set of mandatory documents on the day of interview: 1. Updated CV 2 Nos 2. Educational Certificates 3. Photograph - 2 Nos 4. Documents pertaining to your previous employment(s) - Originals along with a set of photocopies: a) Latest 3 Pay slips b) Latest salary revision Letter (if applicable) NOTE: Candidates only with API / Bulk Drugs Manufacturing background & Male is preferable. Route Map :: Kukatpally / Secunderabad -- Ameerpet (Mythrivanam)-- Jubilee Checkpost -- (Towards Punjagutta) -- Neuland Laboratories Ltd. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Pharmacist/Chemist/Bio Chemist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Neuland Laboratories Limited Neuland Laboratories Limited was established over 30 years ago and today is a publicly listed company headquartered in Hyderabad, India. Neuland is a leading manufacturer of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and an end-to-end solution provider for the pharmaceutical industry for chemistry related services. Our main business is manufacturing of API's and advanced intermediates from our FDA approved facilities and we are end-to-end solution provider for the pharmaceutical industry for chemistry related services from synthesis of library compounds to supply NCEs and intermediates at various clinical phases up to commercial scale. Our core competence lies in the application of strong process chemistry to manufacturing in regulatory, which is supported by a strong force of more than 1000 employees.For over 30 years, Neuland has been at the forefront of facilitating and accelerating drug development and cGMP manufacturing of APIs. The Company&amp;amp;rsquo;s technical and scientific teams provide reliable solutions and services to the global pharmaceutical industry.The company's strength lies in its ability to partner with companies (over 700 customers spread across the globe) from early stage and throughout the life cycle of the products, with speed and efficiency in order to maintain their competitiveness. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details