TITLE: Web Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary Apple is looking for an experienced Software Developer to develop websites and applications that support Macintosh product and accessory development along with Field diagnostic support. In this position you will develop Web and Cocoa applications for Mac OS X that solve a wide-range of problems for both software and hardware engineers. This is your chance to join a team that has proven itself by delivering high-quality products in a timely manner. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Developing and fostering partnerships with the cross-functional teams is key to long-term success. The person filling this position must be a hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to succeed in a challenging environment. Key Qualifications The ideal candidate will have 2 years of SW development experience including: Expert knowledge of JavaScript/ ECMAScript, HTML, PHP, and CSS. Proficiency in jQuery and at least one MV* framework. Preference for Backbone. Able to learn and leverage JavaScript libraries when solving problems. Able to write validated JavaScript. Able to implement web standards to build solutions using semantic markup and CSS. Proficiency in object-oriented PHP Experience in implementing RESTful APIs Experience in RDBMS databases, including schema design. Prefer MySQL Experience with noSQL database, e. g. , MongoDB or CouchDB, is a plus Experience with MacOS, in particular MacOS X Server a plus Strong object oriented programming and design skills Comfortable with source version control software Ability to effectively work with cross functional teams to understand requirements and identify design and engineering impacts. Excellent debugging and critical thinking skills Excellent communication skills (ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience) The person filling this position must be a hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to succeed in a challenging environment. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PSS Global.net PSS (Praneet Soft Solutions) is one of the leading IT/ITES corporate consultancies offering Training, Software Services and Consultancy Services as per the end user requirements. We operate with the highest degree of integrity and At PSS, we have come a long way since our days of operating individual businesses, meeting and often exceeding key industry requirements as well as handling the dedicated workforce needed to sustain these positions efficiently. The synchronization and synergy of this core groups experience has come together, to cater and fuel the consistent growth of certain sections of IT/ITES and Non-IT industries. What began as an interesting idea developed into clear thoughts and evolved into what we are today, a company dedicated to provide the best services in all the categories we deal with. PSS has highly skilled and dedicated professionals to provide customized solutions for several industries using our technical expertise and experience. PSS is fast and reliable partner providing the resources to make you more profitable, right from Training, Services and manpower Services. Headquartered at Hyderabad and branch in Bangalore, PSS follows a well defined methodology and quality procedures. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details