TITLE: Mobile Application Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : We are developing some cutting edge and fun mobile programs, business applications and solutions for various mobile devices that are changing the way we communicate, do business, and access news & entertainment. We are seeking Mobile application developers to develop programs inside of a mobile development environment using the Objective C, C , C# and Java programming languages. The ideal candidate should have proficiency and expertise in at least one mobile platform such as Google's Android or Apple's iOS or Windows Mobile. Responsibilities: The role involves building apps for businesses and integrating with other apps and APIs as part of comprehensive web and mobile solutions. The work would include driving and adapting existing web applications to the leading mobile platforms. The candidate is part of the core team and work closely with other departments to brainstorm new app deployments, and recommend changes and enhancements to existing mobile applications. Qualifications / Requirements: Fluent in object- oriented programming languages such as Java, Objective- C, and C . Past experience/ expertise in a mobile development environment including Andoid, iOS application development (iPhone & iPad) , object- oriented programming (OOP) , Java programming (Java SE, Java ME & Java EE) , JavaScript, HTML, Objective- C and C programming, usability & user- interface (UI) design, game & simulation programming, mobile app portfolio assembly, database & OS fundamentals, and mobile media marketing & deployment. Experience in developing code, test, debug, monitor and document changes for mobile applications. Bachelor's degree in software engineering, mobile application development, mobile computing, computer science or a similar programming- centric field of study. Candidates may want to bring with them a portfolio with samples of completed mobile applications and their best programming projects. Projects require frequent revisions and enhancements, so the candidate needs strong communication skills to better interact with project managers, clients, and team members Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InfoLogitech Systems Pvt Ltd InfoLogitech Systems Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details