TITLE: Senior Android Application Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Candidate Profile Individual with 3 to 5 years of coding experience using Android development framework and at least 2 applications should be available in the App store that has web services interaction. Solid coding practices including good design documentation and code review. Experience XML and JSON Web Services. Experienced in developing Location Based Services (GPS) . Should be familiar with SQLite databases. Good coding standards, communication and documentation skills are essential. Good hands on debugging skills. Strong in fundamentals to suggest mobile UI design recommendations. Must have experience in writing SQL Queries/ Procedures/ Triggers. Job Description Looking for highly skilled Android Developer with excellent command over Android SDK, JAVA, XML & JSON Web Services, and its relevant frameworks. The incumbent will be responsible for designing mobile application interface design, navigation, and presentation along with developing custom controls as required by the application. Should have deep understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts. Understanding product development road map, and execute rapidly to build mobile applications with high quality. Should be able to utilize native APIs to enable maps, in- app SMS and email features and should be able to develop applications that controls handset resources. Good troubleshooting skills with track record to solve customer problems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quallent Technologies Pvt Ltd Quallent Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details