TITLE: Software Development Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Role: Software Development Engineer We have brought technology and transport together to build mobility for a billion people. The OlaCabs mobile app has redefined point-to- point transportation in more than 100 cities acrossIndia. It is the quickest way to book a cab to anywhere in the city, right on your smartphone. The Ola team is constantly innovating to bring you new and affordable ways to travel. We are focused on improving the transportation landscape while contributing to social and economic growth. OlaCabs offers a creative, fast paced, entrepreneurial work environment where youll be at the center of innovation fuelled by Make in India passion. Key Deliverables: 1. Code, develop, design and own features related to the existing application with minimal supervision. 2. Work on performance improvement activities. Instrument and test performance metrics. 3. Unit testing and deployment. 4. Talking to the product and QA, lias with all stake holders to ensure smooth delivery. Skills required (Technical, soft skills, specific tools, personality traits) 1. Solid understanding and knowledge of Java. You should understand concepts of multithreading, I/O, messaging, instrumentation etc and their implementation in Java. 2. Proficiency in implementation of algorithms and use of advanced data structures to solve problems in computing. A solid foundation in principles of computer science is desired. 3. Ability to write clean, modular and loosely coupled code by the use of design patterns.Candidate background required (Education & Experience) 1. Engineering Degree in Computer Science from an institute of repute with 4-5 years of development experience in a product firm. Salary:INR 6,50,000 - 16,50,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Algorithms Data Structures Java Multithreading Software Development Unit Testing Improvement Activities Computer Science Soft Skills Performance Improvement it effectiveness Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: ANI Technologies Pvt Ltd (Olacabs) The Ola team is constantly innovating to bring you new and affordable ways to travel. We are focused on improving the transportation landscape while contributing to social and economic growth. OlaCabs offers a creative, fast paced, entrepreneurial work environment where you'll be at the center of innovation fuelled by Make in India passion. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details