TITLE: Senior Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Intermediate consulting position operating independently with some assistance and guidance to provide quality work products to a project team or customer that comply with Oracle methodologies and practices. Performs standard duties and tasks with some variation to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer specifications. Standard assignments are accomplished without assistance by exercising independent judgment, within defined policies and processes, to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. 2- 5 years of overall experience in relevant functional or technical roles. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively and build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Anexperienced consulting professional who has an understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designswithin a product/ technology family. Operates independently to provide qualitywork products to an engagement. Performs varied and complex duties and tasksthat need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products andtechnology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, companyprocedures, and leading practices. Operatesindependently to provide quality work products to an engagement. Performsvaried and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order toimplement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oraclemethodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertiseto deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customerengagements. May act as the team lead on projects. Effectively consults withmanagement of customer organizations. Participates in business developmentactivities. Develops and configures detailed solutions for moderately complexprojects. Overall experience of5- 7 Years in Oracle Financials Applications 11i and R12 implementations BasicModules knowledge ( all of them ) : General Ledger (GL) , Accounts Payables (AP) , Accounts Receivables (AR) , Fixed Assets (FA) DesiredModules knowledge ( atleast one of them ) : Financials Accounting Hub (FAH ) , Project Accounting ( PA ) Handson implementation experience on Oracle Financials Shouldbe ready to Travel onsite on Short/ Long term assignments. The role expects atleast 80% travel in a year. ExcellentCommunication & Client Handling skills. Education : CA / ICWA / MBA (Finance) / M. Com Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details