TITLE: SALES MANAGER

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Achieving sales targets in a designated geographic area through the sales team Hiring, coaching and mentoring a team of 5 - 10 Sales Associates Allocating targets, leads, tracking and monitoring the work of each team member along with ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of their work Maintaining Area Reports which include revenue numbers, payment collections and evaluation of team performance and reporting the same to the City General Manager Fine tuning the sales pitch / value proposition, design in field sales aids / tools, train the sales team through in field activity etc. Requirements: 5 years of sales experience of doing counter - to - counter selling to diverse Businesses / Industries / Wholesalers / Traders / Retailers / SMErsquos Prior team management experience is a must. Proven ability to motivate and lead the sales team Excellent knowledge of the city. Willingness to work and travel in different parts of the city. Excellent command over spoken Hindi, Kannada (Bangalore roles only), Tamil (Chennai roles only), Telugu (Hyderabad role only) Good command over oral and written communication skills (English). Willingness to roll up your sleeves and make sales pitches when needed Good knowledge of Microsoft Office and a CRM tool Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Sales/Business Development-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Instavans Logistics Private Ltd. The Indian local (intra-city) trucking industry is worth USD 15 billion. Trucks transport around 2 billion tons of freight across the country every year. That's close to 60% of all freight tonnage in India, including rail, water and air. However, the market remains extremely fragmented with no dominant players in the industry. While trucking companies operating with 1-5 trucks account for 80% of market revenue, even large players have no more than 50 vehicles in their fleet. These large companies often do not own the whole fleet, and instead contract out to independent owner-operators. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details