TITLE: Global Program Operations Mgr

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The GPOM provides a business and financial overview to the GPT for the team to be able to plan and forecast spend, track and control expenditures. The GPOM works closely with the GPTD and the functional representatives of operations/ finance to align on expenses across the Development organization. Responsible for financial resource (headcount and budget) planning, including external (assigned brand (s) and line functions) as wells as internal costs from both strategic and day- to- day operational perspectives. Key Accountabilities Supporting the GPTD and GPT in creation of financial forecasts with accurate phasing and aligned with operational plans Contributes to the development of the operational CDP and tracking of status vs. operational plan for key trials or other clinical activities Provides high quality documentation of program plans, minutes of meetings and clear communication with stakeholders to ensure transparency Works closely with key functions, especially the real- time clinical review and analytical teams to ensure that the GPT has sufficient real- time operational data to make appropriate decisions on program milestones and next steps Supports the GPTD in the management of program finances and the book of work Leverage co- location with other real time review and analytics functions to enable rapid and agile decision- making and collaboration Development Program Management Ability to translate the GPT program strategy into a clear operational project plan for all GPT and sub team members in a manner which results in its use as a widely used planning and reference item (K, B) Contribute to drive efficiency in drug development operations and improve productivity (K) Finance and Resource Management: Systematically estimate the life- time costs of all relevant studies. Define and regularly update the phasing of life- time costs for the studies. Work with all stakeholders to ensure that this estimate is of high quality. Identify issues and propose mitigating plans for facilitating decision making. Communicate closely with GPTD, clinical team and Franchise Operation (K) Support clinical trial teams and line functions with the development of trial budget and financial strategy, and assist with securing approvals. Conduct and lead resource review meetings. Challenge and track program/ trial resource requirements and expenditures. Ensure budgeting systems are accurate regarding financial forecasts, expenditures, and internal resource planning. Liaise with global departments (e.g., finance, project management) regarding financial deviation and forecast. Actively monitors performance and adherence to budgetary targets including management reporting with variance analysis, proposals for corrective measures and decision support. Support the budget process and target setting for the Franchise. Actively monitors performance and adherence to budgetary targets including management reporting with variance analysis, proposals for corrective measures and decision Adherence to planning timelines according to agreed plan Accuracy of budget planning and control within predefined guidelines Establish close collaboration with planners within GLFs to achieve the above Accurate financial planning and management or resources for the Programs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelors degree preferably in life science and business management, finance training or experience. Experience in Controlling is desirable. Good business sense and maturity to challenge input. Fluent English (oral and written) 3 years experience in a multidisciplinary environment or in line function (drug development/ clinical trial/ program budgeting) Basic- level knowledge of basic science and basic understanding of global drug development process Advanced planning and tracking skills with attention to detail, capable of managing multiple projects in early or late phase Well- organized, excellent time management with respect to priorities and self- management Strong interpersonal skills and advanced team player with demonstrated ability to build collaborative relationships Quick action taker. Involves the right team members in the right situation at the right time. Strong verbal and written communication skills Highly numerate and logical thinker with strong analytical thinking Company Profile: Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details