TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1.5- 7 years of exp.- Web applications QA ; Quality Centre (QC) / any test management tool exp, Oracle RDBMS, SQL. 2.Good experience Rest ful API testing 2.have web based testing tools exp, having good automation experience in Selenium, Open script is added advantage 3. Good Exp. in developing, executing, and maintaining the functional test scripts (automated & manual) and documents test results for products. 4. Product development QA & Product integration QA / automation web applications QA background or similar (Healthcare SW product domain/ Clinical trial SW exp.preferred) or Any other domains - Web application QA exp. 5.Experience in using and configuration of Windows Web Services and configuration of Oracle DB. 6.Excellent Quality, result oriented, , Independent/ personal Drive, good troubleshooting - Core skills required. 7.Excellent communication (written and verbal) , interpersonal and team player skills. 8.Individual contributor role. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details