TITLE: Associate - SCM Analytics

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provide analytics support to Novartis internal customers (SCM) on various low- medium complexity analytical reports. Support and facilitate data enabled decision making for Novartis internal customers by providing and communicating qualitative and quantitative analyticsThe Analyst should have excellent SAP knowledge and MS Excel skills to improve reports and make value adding analysis. Good communication skills in order to have good information flow with region Europe. Good experience in working with analysis and process development. Should have ability to understand the processes in order to develop in the role, starting from creating the reports and later to analyze outcomes and find drivers for deviations. Should have high systems knowledge and ability to use and explore several IT systems to improve data collection. Comply with all internal functional operating procedures like time tracking, KPI tracking and reporting, and other internal systems and processes Comply to all Novartis operating procedures as per legal / IT / HR requirements Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required SAP knowledge, Technical or business education or equivalent qualifications, analytics plus experience in Supply chain management, Fluent in English (written and spoken) Knowledge of any other language is beneficial - Experience (2- 4 years) in business analytics. - SAP knowledge a must, - Would be good to have an understanding of Supply chain management of Pharmaceutical business. - Strong analytical thinking with problem solving approach - Should have worked in an international company with exposure to working in cross- cultural environment - Should be customer service oriented - Strong and proactive business results- focus, and proven ability to provide insights that increase productivity Company Profile: Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details