TITLE: R&D Engineer, Sr I

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for porting software to a variety of different operating systems and/ or computer architectures. Analyzes and debugs build and runtime problems and designs and implements solutions to those problems in a portable manner. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Expected to analyze project areas, refine problem descriptions, and develop technical solutions. Exercises judgment within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Produce consistently high quality technical solutions and code implementations independently. Becoming proficient in multiple operating systems or computer architectures. Requirements: Must have BE in CS with 5 years of relevant experience or ME with 3 years of experience in C, C programming software for operating systems, and have knowledge of C libraries like STL/ Boost. The individual should have experience with complex software projects, and a strong understanding of data structures and algorithms. It is essential that the individual has strong desires to learn and explore new technologies and are able to demonstrate good analysis and problem solving skills. Prior knowledge and experience with multiple UNIX operating systems, open source tools, familiarity with GNU Make/ GDB/ Valgrind are required. Software configuration Management tools like (Clearcase, perforce) , exposure to scripting tools like Shell/ Perl/ Python preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Synopsys (India) Private Limited Synopsys (India) Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details