TITLE: Dot net Senior Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: Work closely with customer to get deep understanding of business requirements and arrive at a technical solution/ architecture. Lead the development team to deliver high quality solution within the schedule and budget. Demonstrate strong technical leadership and provide guidance to development team. Work closely with testing team, business analyst and project manager. Review technical proposals and develop estimates. Job Requirements: At least 5 years experience of requirement analysis, design, development and implementation of large-scale/ enterprise web applications (using ASP. NET) with 2 years of technical/ developer lead experience. Strong knowledge of Object Oriented programming, Database concepts , layered architecture and SOA Well versed in . NET, C#, VB. NET, NUnit, Source Control Systems and Visual Studio tools Experience with SQL Server 2005/ 8, IIS 6/ 7 Strong software engineering, project management knowledge & experience Personal Qualities: Excellent communication skills Open to learning cross technologies Good teamwork spirit Quick learner Creative thinking Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ravesoft Solutions Pvt. Ltd Ravesoft Solutions, a product engineering and software solutions company, provides business centric IT services and products to its clients globally. Ravesoft Solutions has evolved long term partnerships with its clients to help them realize their business driven technology initiatives. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details