TITLE: Opening for SAP EPM BPC Lead for Singapore and Hyderabad ,bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title EPM Solution Architect Location: Singapore Company Profile CPM Consulting, a BackOffice Associates, LLC Company, provides professional consulting services by aligning, designing and implementing SAP solutions for business planning and financial consolidation, business intelligence and analytics, technology innovation and creative solution delivery with exclusive focus on Enterprise Performance Management. CPM Consulting has delivered SAP EPM solutions for more than a decade to 100+ blue chip companies. We deliver best practice solutions tailored to your business and your industry. Our strength is to provide best-in-class performance management solutions using the latest SAP BusinessObjectsTM enterprise performance management tools available in the market. We work with CFOs across the globe to achieve their risk adjusted strategic goals. CPM Consulting provides a unique, integrated approach to performance management that can support better decisions by helping organizations improve their ability to analyze a wide range of financial, operational, competitive and marketplace information. Position Summary The EPM Solution Architect shall be responsible for solution architecture & project management for the EPM projects. The key responsibilities shall include: Take the lead role on a project and be involved in the solution architecture for the entire EPM solution. Support the track leads for the individual EPM tracks to help them build the EPM solutions. Manage the project deliverables including the coordination with onsite/offsite for the delivery of the solution. Skills and Experience Requirements: 7+ years of experience in delivering and deliver projects in the EPM domain with strong domain experience in Budgeting, Planning, Forecasting, and Legal & Management Reporting. 5+ years of experience as solution architect or team lead for SAP BPC Projects with at least 2+ years of EPM projects on the BPC NW platform. PMP or PRINCE2 certification would be good to have. Candidate should possess good soft skills as: Should possess Excellent problem solving skills Is able to work effectively in a less structured environment and manage time. Should possess Excellent verbal and written communication skills Should be able to coordinate with onsite/functional/development teams independently Willing to travel to the customers locations on need basis outside of India 2 Primary Responsibilities: Take the lead role on a project and be involved in the solution architecture for the entire EPM solution. Support the track leads for the individual EPM tracks to help them build the EPM solutions. Manage the project deliverables including the coordination with onsite/offsite for the delivery of the solution. Qualifications: Equivalent to CPA / CA / MBA in Finance preferred or strong understanding of Group Consolidation & Budgeting processes. Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 19,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Shell Infotech Little brief about Shell info tech Shell Infotech is young Singapore based software development and consulting firm, focusing on Business services in both the public and private sectors. Apart from having offices in Singapore, Malaysia and India, Shell Infotech has registered its office in Dubai and US regions and will start its operations soon.Below is the list of few top companies that we work with. Wells Fargo, Vodafone, Thomson & Reuters, Vodafone, JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, ANZ IT, First American India, Fidelity, RBS, Deutsche Bank, Barkley, HSBC, BNP Paribas, & Franklin Templeton, INVESCO, Qualcomm, AMD, ARM, L & T, Ingersoll Rand, Siemens Building Tech, Texas Instruments, NetApp, KPIT Cummins, Lear Automotive, Mothersonsumi, NCR Corporation, Pitney Bowes, Robert Bosch, Saint Gobain, Volkswagen & Volvo,HP,Deloitte. We pleased to inform you regarding a career opportunity with one of our client. Please find the following details regarding the opening and kindly forward your updated profile as soon As Possible.we are having development Office at Singapore. Working on different technologies for Client Deliverables.www.Shellinfotech.comLooking forward to hear from you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details