TITLE: Business Head- Infrastructure

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Assumes a Senior Management Role which cuts across the entire gamut of project from conceptulation stage to the completion and Maintenance thereon. Has a span of control over the entire project from in delivering execution with a cost conciousness, timely track and people Management.To delegate the Project/Site Related activities leading to successful completion of project. To Evaluate Technical/Commercial terms. Should be Able to handle multiple projects. Will also be regularly monitoring/Consulting in different locations. Should be able to manage high level negotiations with vendors, Sub Contractors or Government officials for various exigencies to ensure that all the site level targets related to work are achieved. Tracks and monitor the progress of the Site/Project and updates the project progress to the CMD. Review and monitor site health status & site activities Responsibilities will include: Overall Project Incharge and the key responsibilities includes : Project Planning, Execution & Follow-up Responsibility for the Individual Project profit centre Should have knowledge of schedules, productivity norms & costs Should have knowledge of statutory & regulatory requirements. Should be an able leader with good planning, organizing, monitoring, negotiation & conflict Management skills. Should ensure the deliverables within the cost and time frame set forth. Responsible for initial Project Planning, Evaluation, monitoring and control during Project Stage & Get it executed through the vertical heads. Planning of site activities, Supervision of the contractor work. Should lead a team of competent engineers, Civil Supervisors, Infrastructure team and also take care of the techno commercial aspects of the organization. Will be heading the whole Civil Engineering & Infrastructure vertical Will be majorly contributing towards the development of Landscaping, Infrastructure layouts, water supply and power distribution. Will be taking care of the infrastructure part of housing, plotting & farming simultaneously. Review and Understand the site level challenges and the dead lines set as per the documents and set the objectives and directions for execution at site level. Holds the role to complete the entire project and involve in establishing goals and objectives at project/Site Level. Define implementation strategy of each work/activity of the project Prepare project schedule/Plan with support of Planning team Involves in Mobilization of resources - Sub-contractor, Equipment, Material, Manpower with the help of Head Office support departments wherever required to Organize. System implementation for sub-contracts, quality, safety, environment Acts on the directions for the execution from CMD in completion of the project as per the client commitments Professional skills and experience B.E /B. Tech/ MBA /M.E /M. Tech. 12-15 yrs Should be a core professional in business development and tendering from well reputed construction company Personal skills and competencies Strategic Perspective Analytical ability Decision making Planning and Organizing Leadership Skills Teamwork and Collaboration Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Construction-Construction Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Civil ) Company Profile: HUSYS Consultancy Pvt. Ltd HUSYS Consultancy Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details