TITLE: Technical Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Managed Services has been at the helm in Development and Support projects since its inception in 2003. It has pioneered the suppleness of 24X7 production support and solution development processes and has stood as a testimony for others to follow the trail of success. This department manages several Ebiz and Siebel applications and technologies across Supply Chain, Finance, iProcurement, Advanced Supply Chain Planning, Oracle Incentive Compensation, Fusion Middleware, Oracle Identify Management, Oracle Applications Framework, ADF, IPM, ORMB and Siebel applications including Call Center Apps, Siebel Marketing, Sales, Service, Configuration Scripting, EAI, EIM, CTI. 8 years of SCM Techno Functional skills Primary Skills - R12 R12 : Oracle Order Management, Advance Pricing , Oracle Inveventory, Mobile Supply Chain & Ware House management, iSupplier Portal, iStore Technical Skills - Skills - SQL, PL/ SQL, Forms, Reports, XML Publisher, Workflow Should have experience in Support / Implementation Ready to work in shifts including night shift. Good communication skills Job Description 1) Resource should be able to independently work on CEMLI objects 2) Technically good in development and experience on SCM Modules 3) Resource should be able to investigate, analyze and provide solution for enhancements/ developments related to CEMLIs Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details