TITLE: Business Development Consultant - WFH

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An exciting opportunity to join a market leading Technology Staffing Business and offer work from Home. We aspire to be a world leader in Technology Staffing,establishing an unrivalled reputation for the quality of our client and candidate care and building highly respected, premium and profitable regional businesses in our chosen specialist markets. We model our business around our depth of experience, market knowledge, specialist expertise, commitment and character. Your role will include: 1) Experience with full cycle of Sales, gathering requirements, submitting the consultants, confirming the best rates for consultants, 2) Responsible for developing new direct end client vendors for the company 3) The candidate would be required to do cold calling to potential clients to generate leads. 4) The candidate would be required to prepare proposals, marketing materials, and company presentations. 5) Negotiating the invoicing and payment terms with sub-contracting companies/individuals and then signing a sub-contracting agreement. 6) Responsible for dealing with the contract agreement, pricing / quotation, legal and clauses with the new clients. 7) Develop new sales and negotiation strategies to boost up the performance in sales and conversion rate in recruitments. 8) Responsible for preparing weekly report for latest news on M&A, Funding, executive movement, investment etc. 9) Responsible for building / conducting successful teams. 10) Responsible for building long term relationships with business partners. 11) Analyzing and understanding the clients' manpower requirements. 12) Responsible for the different activities of business development and recruitment. What we look for: Excellent relationship building and interpersonal skills Strong time management skills meeting deadlines and targets Proven ability to work productively in a fast-paced environment Diligence, tenacity and the ability to work both independently and as part of a team The highest levels of quality and service when interacting with clients and candidates. Benefits: We will reward all this with an excellent basic salary and a market leading commission scheme. Other benefits include Work from home If you think that This is a fantastic opportunity and that describes you, send your CV/details to hr@reliason.com . Salary: Best In Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development Marketing Lead Generation Cold Calling Relationship Building Negotiation Dealing Proposals Pricing vendor management work order Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliason Solutions Ltd Reliason Solutions is a small UK/India based IT outsourcing & oracle managed services organisation. We are passionate about helping customers drive down the cost of delivering flexible oracle enterprise support solution across the globe. Our core business is the provision of skilled technical resources using a flexible, solutions-based model for on-going infrastructure support, consultancy and technology projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details