TITLE: Senior Manager, IT Applications

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Senior Manager position requires a highly motivatedleader?who will be responsible for managing a team of IT resources (inmatrixed organization) in India. The person will be responsible for supportingthe business and IT functions globally. The individual should be able to workand deliver based on?directions from the senior management in the US, andwill function as a country manager of IT in India. He/ she will be responsiblefor the delivery of the team members and should be the liaison to maintainoutsourced vendor relationship. In addition to the management role, the?person will be responsible for managing the technical delivery of OracleERP Finance, and Supply Chain enhancements and production support activitiesfrom India. This individual will work very closely with both the Business andIT, to ensure successful delivery of Oracle ERP solutions, be accountable forthe quality of delivery, ensuring excellent and timely communication betweenstakeholders, resources and other constituents. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate, MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Must have 10 years of experience in implementing and supporting Oracle ERP Financial / Supply Chain modules Experience in managing a team of techno- functional resources, maximizing their involvement and fostering a team environment Leadership ability and experience accomplishing goals in a matrix environment Organizational leadership skills: aggressive in achieving results, while collaborating and communicating effectively with other stakeholders and members of the team Experience with setups and configuration of Oracle Financial / Supply Chain modules Technical experience with Oracle R12 is a must. Knowledge of underlying Oracle ERP applications database architecture, as well as its development tools (SQL, PL/ SQL, Forms, Workflow, OAF, Reports) Integration experience of R12 with one or more boundary applications such as Siebel, SFDC, ?etc. Strong systems/ process orientation with demonstrated analytical thinking, organization and problem solving skills Strong understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Project Management methodologies Excellent oral and written communications skills; proactive communication Team player and strong customer service orientation? Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high- pressure environment Willingness and ability to train others Ability to be the front- line support for the business in APAC and EMEA Ability to work with people from various backgrounds/ cultures coupled with strong user and customer relationship Bachelors degree in Computer Science, MCA, or equivalent. ? Company Profile: PolyCom Technology (RD) Centre Pvt Ltd PolyCom Technology (RD) Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details