TITLE: digital marketing head

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SEO Manager should develop and implement new tactics to drive growth and to maximize the natural search channel as a whole. The SEO Manager is responsible for coordinating and implementing SEO strategies for our company website. The person should be goal oriented, possess exceptional attention to detail, and have outstanding interpersonal skills. This is a role that is interacting with clients as well as working closely with the company team to make sure that the goals of the client are achieved. key management areas of responsibility: Managing & Implementing On- page & Off- page SEO. Define requirements, tasks, and resources associated to SEO strategy Manage and execute implementation of SEO strategy. Communication to team and management on strategy/ project development, timelines and results. Collaborate on client strategy and goal definition for success. Keep pace with SEO, search engine, social media and internet marketing industry trends and development. Liaise with Business Development and Technical Teams to personally deliver better integration of technical SEO requirements with a robust knowledge in Web Analytics, Webmaster Tools &Social Media Marketing. Understand the terminology of ldquoPage Speed Insightsrdquo and rectifying the errors. Knowledge and experience in Java scripts, xml, Html, CSS.key functional areas of responsibility: Perform keyword research in coordination with client business objectives to optimize existing content and uncover new opportunities. Provide SEO analysis and recommendations in coordination with elements and structure of websites and web pages. Create strategy and execute plan to increase site indexation, including management of XML sitemaps. Provide recommendations and execute/ manage strategies for content development in coordination with SEO goals - general and keyword specific. Help to create and support marketing content to socialize and use for social media purposes (e.g. customer videos briefs, customer case studies, blog posts, posts from analysts and customers) . Develop and implement link building campaigns. Develop, manage and execute communication/ content strategies via social communities in coordination with client goals. Implement and administer search engine programs (XML sitemaps, shopping feeds, webmaster tools) . Monitor and evaluate search results and search performance across the major search channels in order to improve rankings. Research and administer social media tools in support of our company website with social media strategy. Monitor and evaluate web analytics dashboards and reports in order to develop and recommend SEO strategies. Communication to team and management on project development, timelines, and results. Content management / continuously optimize and update site content/ features, including Meta Title, Meta Description Meta Keywords, page content and articles to ensure maximum rankings for targeted keywords. Weekly, fortnightly, monthly reports to be monitored / generated. Evaluation of quality of all projects.professional competencies Passion for SEO, Internet marketing& Digital Activities. Outstanding ability to think creatively, strategically and identify and resolve problems. Ability to foster strong client relationships at various levels. Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi- task in a deadline driven atmosphere. Ability to clearly and effectively articulate thoughts and points. High levels of integrity, autonomy, and self- motivation. Ability to generate leads through online marketing strategies. Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills.team management Day to day leadership of the team thereby ensuring best in class work is delivered consistently. Improving the tracking and monitoring of team members as they progress through their work and skill set, and providing supports such as counseling and extra training, where needed. Responsible for On The Job Training and contributing to the growth of the individuals. Responsible for Training Need Analysis and other Employee Development activities of new joiner and team members Planning & Prioritizing the Team's work Giving training on On- page & Off- page SEO for respective team.desired skills and experience Ability to multi- task and work under tight deadlines. Knowledge about Mart jack platform is an added advantage. Excellent communication skills in English. Both verbal and written. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Neerus.com Neerus.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details