TITLE: Bench Sales BDM

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this BDM - Bench Sales BDM/Bench Sales Experience: 5+ Years Location: Hyderabad (Hi-Tech City) Looking for Experienced Business Development Manager who has at least 7 years of proven experience in IT Industry in Placing Candidates with Direct Clients/Tier 1 Vendors in USA Market. Ability to meet the sales targets on a regular basis. 7+ years of experience in marketing the Bench Consultants (OPT's, H1B, GC & Citizens). Developing new contacts with tier 1 Vendors / Implementation Partners/Clients. Should have experience in entire Sales Life Cycle and have ability to market more than 3 candidates at a time. Individual with a passion for Bench sales and looking to pursue their career in marketing consultants. Posting/Submitting their resumes on various job boards/requirements and finding requirements for them through other resources. Checking with the consultants comfort on job requirements and suggesting any modifications required to improve their chances of short listing for the job positions applied. Working directly with end clients requirements/Tier 1 vendors/Implementation partners. Interacting, developing Tier-1 Vendor or Implementation Partners or End Client network to get the Bench candidates placed in minimal turnaround time. Experience in working with different job portals like DICE, Monster, Corp to Corp, Career Builders etc. Must have high levels of skill and motivation to search technical requirements for our bench consultants. Excellent written, verbal & interpersonal communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Millennium Technosoft Ltd. Millennium Technologies (www.milllenniumtech.co.za ) is one of the leading IT Staffing and IT Solutions companies, offering technology expertise to our customers in various domains. Established in the year 1995, we have geographical presence in India, United States and South Africa with over 320 employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details