TITLE: Technical Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Your user session will timeout in 5 minutes. Please click OK to continue with your application. Job Description Job Purpose: The Technical Support Engineer is responsible for providing business critical technical support to partners, highly- skilled customers, IT and functional staff, including Database Administrators, System Administrators, IT Managers and Directors, line- of- business Managers and Financial Controllers. In addition, the position requires frequent interaction with Product Development and Consulting Services, to deliver complete, comprehensive solutions and constant software and process improvement. In the role of Technical Support Engineer you will be providing telephone and/ or Web based support for Kofax products. Key Responsibilities: Take ownership of customer issues and see problems through to resolution and provide enterprise level technical support to our customers via phone, web, and email and other support channels as required. Research, diagnose, troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues related to application use, design and configuration. Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers. Effectively communicate complex technical issues to a broad range of customers and departments within Kofax, such as product management, software engineering, sales, and quality assurance. Mentor and provided advice to Associate Technical Support Engineers and other Technical Support Engineers as needed. Take issues elevated from Associate Technical Support Engineers as needed and directed by management. Elevate customer issues to senior support engineers as needed, providing detail description of problems along with steps taken to analyze the problem. Use approved protocol to communicate with Development engineers on the analysis of software issues. Elevate hot fix requests to support managers for processing based on approved protocol. Participate in regular support team meetings. Contribute to the body of knowledge by creating and maintaining knowledge base articles and other technical documents. Prepare test systems for replication of user issues. Required Skills Required Skills and Knowledge: Fluent in English Familiar with network software diagnostic tools, such as Wireshark and Fiddler Familiar with Windows diagnostic tools, such as Process Monitor and Event Viewer Expert in trouble shooting enterprise environment Experience administering a SQL Server, including familiarity with SQL query language Experience in administering an IIS Server Desired Skills and Knowledge: Experience in BPM process mapping Experience with Document Content Management software Microsoft .NET Development Skills Microsoft SQL Server DBA Microsoft Windows System Engineer A bachelor's degree in computer science, computer information systems or related experience. A minimum of 2 to 5 years providing enterprise level technical support experience. Resourceful team player with strong interpersonal skills. Result- oriented with strong problem- solving skills. Strong written and verbal skills in the language of support for this position. Kofax, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/ F/ D/ V Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Technical Support Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kofax Kofax Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details