TITLE: Workflow Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer- centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you'd like to help us build the place to find and buy anything online, this is your chance to make history. We are looking for a exceptional leader who is passionate about the Customer Experience, who thinks/ acts globally, and who has the ability to contribute major new innovations in the industry to join us as Workflow Manager. The ideal candidate will possess both an optimization background that enables him/ her to manage quantitative workforce planning and a demonstrated ability to think broadly and strategically about planning and workflow initiatives. He/ she will experience a wide range of problem solving situations, strategic to real- time, requiring extensive use of data collection and analysis. The successful candidate will: Lead a workforce planning team Create best capacity plan for business by managing trade- offs between Customer Experience/ Service Levels, Employee Experience, and Cost Effectiveness. Develop and improve multiple forecasting models using data analysis and statistical tools. Mitigate capacity risks by managing dependencies across multiple operating units. Clearly communicate dependencies and manage/ track exceptions. Participate in wider TRMS projects and initiatives. He/ she will own providing optimal workflow and planning solutions for upcoming initiatives. Coordinate with Operations, Capacity Planning and Finance teams to analyze historical data and forecast demand. Manage the analyses of daily, weekly, and monthly reporting of site performance via Key Performance Indicators. Support local site management to optimize staffing requirements. Manage SLA through Phone/ Email routing and monitoring systems and provide recommended workflow options and directives to maintain acceptable SLA. Fully leverage existing technology, including global standardization of reporting. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Bachelors Degree in a quantitative field (engineering, economics, math, statistics) Experience building and analyzing models using various statistical tools for forecasting and optimization. Experience in leading a workforce planning team 4 years experience in analysis required. Proficient in Microsoft Excel. Preferred Qualifications MBA preferred Analysis experience in Customer Service or Operations preferred Operations Research or Capacity Planning experience strongly preferred. Some programming experience is a plus to automate tools whenever appropriate. Basic/ Working knowledge of Six Sigma tools and Lean techniques preferred. Experience utilizing SQL Strong commitment to exceptional customer experience, and a high level of dedication, enthusiasm, motivation, and persuasive ability in a team and cross- functional environment. Excellent speaking- listening- writing skills, attention to details, proactive self- starter. Ability to work successfully in a dynamic, ambiguous environment. Ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workloads. Ability to develop new ideas and creative solutions. Exceptional influencing and leadership skills Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details