TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Title: Senior Automation Engineer Location: India, Hyderabad Organization Name: FSGBU, Insurance LOB Department Description: Insurers rely on Oracle solutions to maximize today's opportunities and prepare for market changes, which is why 20 of the top 20 insurance companies run Oracle applications. Oracle Insurance Policy Administration for Life and Annuity is an adaptive policy administration solution that enables insurers to accelerate time to market for differentiated insurance products across multiple lines of business, improve service to customers and sales channels throughout the insurance policy life cycle, and reduce risk while optimizing business performance through highly flexible, rules- based policy administration. Detailed Description: Design and develop a generic Test Automation Framework for our Application Automate the QA Regression test cases to run without any issues in an integrated fashion. Analyses Automation test results and recommends corrective actions Documents the Automation Test standards and procedures. Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc Applications under test consists of: Oracle Insurance Policy Administration System Web UI, Web services SOAP and REST The test framework which is used to automate all the above mentioned technologies consists of Oracle Application Testing Suite (OpenScript) , Java libraries for Web Services and UI automation, Git, Maven, Hudson, Crucible, and any other technology supporting our new test automation challenges. Participate in the implementation of Quality Assurance processes and standards Participate in code reviews, technical designs etc. Communicates the status of the projects to management with the usage of varied tools Perform lead role and/ or supervise lower level staff Job Requirements: Oracle Insurance team is looking for a Senior Automation Engineer experienced with Automation, Java development and tools. Support QA activities, by automating tests and providing tools supporting other QA activities. Responsible for developing and maintaining quality standards for QA Automation Suite with adherence to both internal and external standards. Analyses and documents the Automation test standards, setup and procedures. Maintains documentation of Automation test results. . As a senior member of the technical QA division, you will work on architectural and detailed design of a integrated and generic Test Automation Framework, applying principles and techniques of object- oriented methodologies, engineering, and mathematical analysis for our Application. Implement and develop that using 3rd party - as well as home- grown - test development frameworks and tools. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. The ability to deliver commitments and demonstrate excellent skills in organization, team dynamics, effective communication and prioritization of tasks are essential. Fully competent in own area of expertise. Job may require test and development environment administration, including issues troubleshooting. Should be able to lead and or supervise lower level personnel. Additional Details: 1. Responsibilities Understand the requirements of the Automation Framework and develop a robust Test Automation Framework keeping in mind all the criticalities and reusability of the same. Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle. Design, Build and extend test frameworks and automated test sets. Working within a source- code control environment, performing design reviews and code reviews. Writing high quality code, participating in code reviews, debugging, participating in designing/ architecting systems of varying complexity and scope, and creating a testing framework supporting the design/ coding tasks. Identify areas of improvement in our frameworks, tools, processes and strive to make them better. Evaluate our success metrics and evolve our reporting systems. Dive deep into the Application, understand different functional areas, and use your creativity to come up with techniques to improve the quality of our solutions Participate in measuring and driving product quality from inception to release. Works fairly independently with medium supervision and review 2. Minimum Qualifications Possess BS or MS degree and a minimum 4 to 6 years of software engineering with Automation experience Strong technical background, detail driven and have excellent analytical, troubleshooting and problem solving abilities. Self- starter and independent, with strong technical and personal leadership skills Strong experience in Java with strong base in object- oriented design and development Experience in working with different test Automation tools. Exposure to white and black box testing, testing frameworks and processes. Experience with relational databases, designing schemas and formulating complex SQL queries. Knowledge on XML/ XSLT Knowledge of professional software engineering and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including design and coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, excellent communication skills. Passion for building a robust Automation Framework in a fast paced, aggressive, team- oriented environment. Strong desire to grow technically and functionally 3. Preferred Qualifications Exposure to Oracle Application Testing Suite (OATS) . Prior Experience in Insurance domain Prior experience in working with any Policy Administration System is a plus Knowledge on application servers like weblogic/ websphere and DBMS like Oracle/ DB2/ SQLSERVER is a plus Familiarity with Linux or other Unix server class operating systems. Practical knowledge of Agile Testing methodology. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details