TITLE: associate bw consultant department sap it

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION JOB SUMMARY (Brief about the existence of the position) Associate BW consultant s key functions in SAP BI CoE team would be to strategically design and implement SAP BW including integration with mainly ECC databases and data warehouses. We also have business objects in two of our landscapes. The job includes selecting, gathering requirements, designing, and rolling out BI solutions to end users. The Associate consultant is also responsible for ensuring high levels of BI availability through support functions and in- depth testing. KEY DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES Member of SAP BI team in SAP Center of excellence (CoE) providing support to multiple business units of Business Warehouse Modeling: InfoObjects, Data Targets, Source System, InfoSources, InfoProviders, Cubes, DSO, MultiProvider, transformations. Data Extraction: data extraction from flat files, extraction transactional and master data from R/ 3, creating custom DataSources. Business Content: Activating and replicating business content. Administration: Scheduling Process Chains, Monitoring, Managing Data Targets, creating Transport Requests and transporting them to other systems. Trouble shooting SAP incidents and service requests according to ITIL process. Adept communicator and Business Intelligence Specialist would be responsible for ensuring high levels of SAP BW availability through support functions and in- depth testing. JOB TITLE: Associate BW consultant DEPARTMENT: SAP- IT REPORTING TO: BI team lead (Role to which this role reports) REPORTEES: Nil (Roles reporting to this role) SPAN OF CONTROL: 7 member high performing team working to deliver a vision of self- service BI for a multi- business conglomerate SAP BW Consultant. (Possible transfer to Kuwait) . 1. Experience or able to explain and implement different concepts in BW 2. Ability to trouble shoot incidents and service requests for BW using ITIL process 3. Business process knowledge is highly desirable 4. Knowledge in SAP O is preferred. BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES We are trying to develop a high performing team which will be able to deliver BO and evangelize different tools of BO based on standard and stable data warehouses. 1. Communication 2. Self- Initiation (initiative is highly valued in our team) 3. Ownership 4. Troubleshooting BE / B.Tech Computer Science/ IT or Masters in Computer Application or Graduates in Science or Commerce with relevant experience in designing and developing reporting solutions utilizing a reporting tool such as Business Objects technologies and accessing Oracle databases. Has 1 3 years in SAP BW experience with understanding of SAP ECC. Strong Analytical skills for problem solving and for understanding Business Processes. Good experience in BW reporting using Bex Query designer and Bex Queries using, Formulae, Variables, Calculated Key figures, restricted key figures, Structures, Selection, Exceptions, and Conditions. Has experience of standard Business content and SAP BW concepts and tools like characteristics and key figures, created Info Areas, Info Object Catalogs, PSA, DTP, Info package, transformation, DSO, Info cube, Multi providers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kirby Building Systems India Ltd. Kirby Building Systems India Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details