TITLE: Engineering Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SUMMARY OF POSITION Be a part of the Medtronic Engineering center in Hyderabad by applying your skills to the development and execution of end to end systems and hardware engineering projects within the MEIC. Be one of the first engineers to establish technical competence in hardware engineering as applied to medical product development As a member of the MEIC you will collaborate with the broader engineering team that resides in the US & India. You will develop state- of- the- art hardware applications and infrastructure elements, while working with other core team leaders and report in to the Director of engineering. Qualifications ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provide deep development expertise in low power analog, digital and sensor signal processing circuitry. Collaborate with the global hardware engineering team in the development and implementation of libraries, frameworks, testing platforms and services, and deployment methods that can help build vertical solutions. Research and maintain solution architecture, technical design, tools and technology stack and generate proof of concept solutions Work with the global hardware engineering team, and apply your deep working knowledge of the architecture trends and emerging technologies, while assisting in the development of technology roadmaps. Apply best practices for development and testing in terms of international standards IEC 60601 and other collateral standards as applied to medical device product development. Should be able to architect solutions on turnkey development independently Develop less- senior resources by teaching, empowering, reviewing results, both in technical areas and in soft skills. People management of experience of 3- 5 years (inclusive of the overall experience ) and should have handled a minimum of 20 people is necessary Identify solution knowledge gaps within MEIC for hardware solutions Work closely with the global embedded software teams to ensure that the technology decisions are consistent with overall technical strategy. KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY Knowledgeable in board design tools , simulation tools ( Cadence, Mentor graphics tools) Working knowledge of EMI / EMC standards and test methods Strong proven capability & track record in developing cutting edge hardware and systems applications and strong knowledge in latest HW chip sets - both analog and digital ( both ac powered and battery powered systems) Strong experience in Systems engineering and ability to get in hands on to solve board level challenges is a must. Experience in ISO 15288 life cycle methods is desirable Work experience in multi- layer board development is a must Hands on experience in design transfer for mass manufacturing. Experience in the design and delivery of wide variety of applications wireless and RF applications either through self- development or manage the development through vendors. A certification in Systems Engineering ASEP or CSEP (Desired) Embedded SW development is desirable but not mandatory (Desired) EXPERIENCE Progressive experience ( > 15+ years) in professional Systems and hardware development including at least 2 years in medical device development EDUCATION: B.S. Engineering required M.S. Engineering preferred OTHER REQUIREMENTS: A certification in Systems Engineering ASEP or CSEP (Desired) Embedded SW development is desirable but not mandatory (Desired) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details