TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle Public Cloud has been in phenomenal growth in the past couple of years, and is now embracing challenge more exciting than ever, when we are bringing PaaS, SaaS, IaaS, and big number of new services to the Cloud! GREAT time to join, to be part of an amazing and rewarding journey! We are the Integration Testing team for Oracle Public Cloud (OPC) . We own the Cloud Integration Labs. We perform End- to- End Integration testing for OPC component/ services. Team possesses in- depth understanding of the entire stack of Oracle Cloud infrastructure, and tackle the industrys most challenged areas in the enterprise- scale distributed Cloud system. We are looking for Senior Member Technical staff having - - Expertise in Java/ J2EE, TestNG, Selenium, Hudson, test automation framework, Chef, Puppet Expertise in scripting languages like Python, Ruby , Perl and Unix Shell Scripting Expertise in mobile testing and automation Solid background in virtualization, distributed architecture, network and storage, Excellent understanding in Cloud and large scale distributed system. Experience with Oracle Fusion Middle- ware, WLS, EM, IDM, and Cloud products is a big plus Results- driven, and able to handle the dynamics of rapid release schedule; Proven record of driving/ leading remote/ off- site teams. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details