TITLE: IT Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1) Understanding the client's manpower requirements 2) Sourcing relevant candidates profiles through various sources 3) Screening the sourced profiles by conducting interviews 4) Scheduling interviews and interview coordination 5)Conversant with end to end recruitment process from sourcing to on boarding the candidates. End to end recruitment involves: * Sourcing the candidates from job portals, employee referrals and social media and job postings in the portal. *Scheduling the candidates for interviews based on the technical panel availability and follow up for the feedback. *Follow up with the candidate till they are on boarded. *Should be highly adaptable to new technologies *Strong in IT recruitment *Good command in verbal and written communication skills. *Excellent Negotiation skills. *Good in Relationship management with clients/vendors. *Excellent analytical, presentation and interpersonal skills which includes email etiquettes. Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ilabs Enterprise Services Private Limited iLabs is a next generation IT consulting and managed services company that will enable organizations to unfold true value proposition and generate faster ROI. Though iLabs story began in the year 2014 in the US, our heritage in the IT infrastructure Management and Technology services spans over 9 years. We work on Niche and next generation technologies of Virtualization, Cloud, Big data and BI as Microsoft Gold certified partner. We are a privately owned company headquartered at New Jersey, USA.We provide end-to-end IT infrastructure management and technology staffing services providing practical and cost-effective solutions to our clients with resources, tools and technologies to meet their growth objectives. We deploy highly talented and experienced engineers to work for our clients to handle mission critical projects across multiple platforms with the promise of reliability and resourcefulness. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details