TITLE: Hiring C++ and C# Experts for American Multinational tech in Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Software Engineer Roles (Software Engineer II ) THE PRODUCT The team is building a set of next generation productivity experiences on Mobile Devices and next generation experiences for Mobile Platform and Devices. The team builds and maintains end-to-end ownership of the Android native version.. The Product is the market leader in diagramming. It is one of the most successful businesses with FY15 revenue of close to Billion dollar. It is unique that its execution, product strategy, and end to end ownership is complete. THE OPPORTUNITY The combined power of the products and the latest Mobile Â technologies presents developers with exceptional opportunities for ownership, autonomy and professional growth. Were excited about the possibilities introduced with this technology and these experiences, and at work has the potential to reach billions of users worldwide. Already the product for Android apps have more than 200+ Million downloads since its launch in last 5 months. The team is growing, with a new revenue target of $1B. Future work streams have the full technology spectrum of Desktop, mobile, inking, web, cloud and ML services. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE We are looking for a very strong developer who is passionate about designing and implementing technical challenges as well as key customer scenarios. Our development team tackles a wide variety of problems, from networking to advanced graphics handling to leading edge UI design. The candidate can expect to build a wide range of skills and experiences in this role. The candidate should have experience in all phases of the development cycle, preferably on large-scale commercial products including collaborating across the groups and cross discipline with Design, Program Managers and our partner teams. QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years of software development experience Expert level understanding C++ and C# An understanding of Java & Android development stack is an added benefit Familiarity with Object-Oriented design patterns and how they are used in software design Solid foundation in data structures and algorithms Passion for developing tools and systems end-to-end Excellent debugging skills. Excellent communication skills. Advanced design and development skills. Ability to work in a fast paced environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India.CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing, Talent Acquisition Strategy and Planning, Compensation Advisory, University Recruitment, Leadership Acquisition, Talent Branding, Role Design, Performance Management Systems, Outplacement and Exit Management Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details