TITLE: Senior Executive

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description of work: looking for experienced individuals who will trade, develop and implement quantitative and arbitrage strategies in OPTIONS for Indian derivative markets. The role requires a control minded and proactive individual with the ability to work under pressure and to stiff targets. The team trade the whole range of equity/ index derivative products and are continually developing new products. Candidates should have an outstanding academic background from a top tier University/ B- school in a quantitative focused course. The ideal candidate would have 2- 5 years of trading and development experience, a proven P&L, and a drive to trade and develop new strategies. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a desk with some top options traders. Skills required: 2- 5 years of Option Trading experience with a focus on risk management techniques Strong academic background and analytical skills. Excellent understanding of Option execution and pricing Successful track record in trading equity/ index derivatives. The ability to work in a Team Environment. MS Office experience and skills a plus A thirst for continual innovation and improvement. A huge opportunity to lead and attain significant career progression The chance to learn from some of the top traders in the equity derivative market Fantastic opportunities to develop your skill set and take on new challenges and responsibilities. Experience required: 1 to 4 years of experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:National Head Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Shar Technologies Group Shar Technologies Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details