TITLE: Help Desk Engineer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TEKsystems!!! TEKsystems is a subsidiary of Allegis Group, the largest private talent management firm in the world. Our longstanding history and industry-leading position speak to our success in providing the IT staffing solutions, IT services and talent management insight required for you to actualize ROI and sustain a truly competitive advantage in a fast-changing market. This is in relevance to an opportunity for L1 Desktop Support Engineer with TEKsystems for one of our clients based in Hyderabad. Role: L1 Help Desk Engineer: Overall years of experience working in a support environment as per the table Proficient in speaking and writing English Experience in oExchange messaging environments will be advantage oEmail clients Outlook, Lotus notes etc oOperating systems like Windows Vista, 7, 8.1 and 10 oCall handling and usage of ticketing system Resolve the issues based on the pre-defined Knowledge base Resolve the case issues on a best effort basis, if not transfer the case appropriately to the L2/L3 team Document the case activities in the case tracker Ensure good documentation is carry out from the being of the project Demonstrates a calm and rational approach to tasks under pressure Manage own time effectively Flexible to work in shifts - 24/7 environment Applies given standards, procedures and tools to accomplish work assigned Develop architectural/functional design document as part of the consulting/project assignment. Show professionalism in coordination of the case Any certification is an added advantage (e.g. MCSE, MCITP, MCTS, Quest certification etc) Graduation or Post graduation in any computer field is mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. Allegis is a US based $11billion world leader in recruitment and staffing services to over 4000 customers globally. We are into this business for about 30 years. * Coming to our Indian Operations, we are about 9yrs and we are into different business verticals by means of acquisitions and partnerships. * One of the top vendors to 95% of Fortune 500 companies * Employs over 100,000 employees across different parts of the world * Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices * The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 1st Largest in the US * World's largest Technology staffing company - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering * One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * We are into all the 4 core HR areas. That includes Perm hiring, Contract staffing, large scale RPO Engagements and executive search. Apart from this we are also into IT and Engineering services. * Specialties: Staffing & HR Services, IT Staffing and Consulting, Technical, professional and industrial staffing, Managerial, professional and accredited accounting and financial staffing, Legal Staffing. http://www.allegisgroup.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details