TITLE: Managing Principal Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this An entry- level management position responsible for providing quality work products on customer engagements while managing a small team of consultants. Has a broad understanding of solutions, industry best practices, multiple business processes or technology designs within a product/ technology family. Performs varied and complex duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement Oracle products and technology to meet customer needs. Applies Oracle methodology, company procedures, and leading practices. Demonstrates expertise to deliver functional and technical solutions on moderately complex customer engagements. May lead the solution design and implementation aspects of engagement (s) ensuring high quality, integrated software solutions within constraints of time and budget. Effectively consults with management of customer organizations. Participates in business development activities. Ensure that operational policies are followed and that business objectives are achieved by focusing on best practices and process improvements. Responsible for operational metrics and overall business results for area of responsibility. Provides coaching, guidance and feedback to develop skills of team members. Typically manages individual contributors. Demonstrates multiple business process expertise within one product family or technology solutions architect and design expertise for one technology product and understand cross stack impacts. 6- 8 years of experience relevant to this position including 3- 4 years consulting experience and 1 year of engagement/ team leadership experience. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience preferred. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required This position Requires the following capabilities 1. Technical know how 2. Good to have product migrations experience 3. Good technical background 4. Good knowledge on Mentoring the team 5. Working with Global teams Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details