TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are trying to democratize machine learning to unlock people- centered insights and we are looking for the brightest and most talented data scientists and engineers to make this possible. Our mission is to empower customers with the next generation cloud solutions in advanced analytics and machine learning. This improve customer productivity, enable quality and deliver value quickly and continually. We use a wide range of technologies in our team that will give you an opportunity to learn new stuff from industry experts and go deep or broad. We truly embrace agile methodologies and support open source software as required for the solution. We expect passion for design, coding, debugging coupled with engineering rigor and efficiency in building features of high quality. WHAT IT TAKES While education, skillsets, and experience are important, we look for - Customer Focus - adding value to customers is our north star, so everything we do and build should be focused towards a real customer - Intellectual Curiosity - continually being curious and wanting to learn new things and not being afraid of trying new things - Ability to wear multiple hats - data- science, dev, test, pm, and entrepreneurial skills - Ability to balance a portfolio - creating a balanced portfolio of projects that span low- risk/ low- reward to high- risk/ high- reward - Impact and passion to move the bottom line - we are looking for people that are really passionate about understanding the higher- level business goals and work towards moving them - Efficient calendar management - ability to manage your calendar/ meetings in a way that provides you enough productive blocks of time to be hands- on and solving complex problems. - Execution Efficiency - for any task, there is usually a way to do it 10x faster. We strive on optimizing the job for the need. One might approach a task very differently if they need one significant digit of accuracy versus ten - Failing Fast - over 90% of our ideas fail. We need to understand how to build the right heuristics and tests to fail as fast as possible QUALIFICATIONS - Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field. - Previous experience with web services, storage, cloud computing, and system- level programming is a plus. - 5- 8 years of designing, implementing, and launching commercial software products or web services. - Experience in systems side of software development including one or more of the following: highly scalable infrastructure, distributed systems, networking, and database engines. Thorough understanding of computer architecture, memory models, and algorithms design. Proven ability to create componentized, well- architected software at a component level. - Good problem solving and design skills, with demonstrated passion for quality, performance and engineering excellence. - Good debugging skills with ability to demonstrate those when diagnosing and solving hard bugs. - Be part of the live site culture and drive data driven improvements to both product quality and engineering efficiency - Good knowledge of Java/ C / C#/ REST Services/ JavaScript C Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Microsoft India (R and D) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details