TITLE: HR Services Expert

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position coordinates and supports the maintenance of HR processes, services and continuous improvements, across specified countries. The in- scope HR processes currently comprise the Annual Compensation Review Cycle and global HR Operations activities Strategy & Planning Coordinate and support the in- scope HR processes and standards for HR Service Centre aspects (e.g. services, processes, continuous improvement) and provide guidance and assistance on problems and requests to customers/ users through consulting, teaching and training. Plan and co- ordinate the Annual Compensation Review Cycle for allocated countries, fulfil the responsibilities of the Unit Comp. Admin as defined in the eCOMP 4x4 concept Handle standard service requests in a timely manner, answer questions, resolve problems or support problem resolution by close collaboration with next level support and/ or experts. Examples of service requests include compensation review cycle support requests, ad- hoc HR report requests, benchmarking survey queries. Track service requests and troubleshoot analyze error messages and questions Contract and set expectations with Country HR / others as relevant on what services HR BSC will provide and ensure that roles and responsibilities for processes end- to- end are clearly defined and understood Maintain training & communications documentation and plan updates as required Deliver and present key data to supervisor Monitoring & Control Monitor data accuracy (e.g. OM/ PA data affecting compensation review cycle) Support periodic cost and efficiency analyses to support productivity objectives, monitor, initiate additional activities if required Support adherence to relevant labor and employment law. Support compliance with legal framework, SOX requirements, etc. Support adoption and adherence to Novartis HR practices and guidelines, assuring that these are transparent to the respective organization Ensure adherence to Novartis policies and guidelines People & Organization For the Annual Compensation Cycle Review, interact with Global HR Operations, in particular Global Comp Admin, Unit Comp Experts and HR Operations Experts (countries and global) . Participates in eCOMP network calls. For HR Operations activities, interact with customers and stakeholders globally. Support evaluation of the services / processes / continuous improvement in scope Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Pay Roll/Compensation Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required University degree / Graduate degree English Good verbal and written communication Compensation background Business Analyst background SAP BI, OM & PA experience Company Profile: Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details