TITLE: FA- NAAS Business Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this FA- NAAS Business Admin - 812628 Description Â Franklin Templeton International Services India Pvt. Ltd (FTISPL) is the Indian Services wing of Franklin Templeton Inc, one of the Top Global Investment Management Company committed to offering High Quality Products and providing outstanding services to our customers who are individuals, institutions, pensioners, trusts, partnership firms and other clients. FTISPL at Hyderabad offers various IT / Business related service and support. It stands as a key business enabler of world- wide operations for Franklin Templeton Investment. Â Our vision is to be a premier global investment management organization by offering high quality investment solutions, providing outstanding service and attracting, motivating and retaining talented individuals Â I. Â Job Summary Â Sound foundation in the financial industry; in particular, the mutual fund business or the ability to quickly learn and apply concepts within this industry. Provide on demand and regularly scheduled reports using a variety of technology tools; including, but not limited to, Business Objects, Microsoft Excel; Access; Word and PowerPoint, and Cognos.Â Ability to answer any questions with respect to those reports, run projects and meetings with participants up to senior management within and outside the organization. Â Prepare and present presentations to all levels of the organization; highlighting accomplishments, trends and opportunities. Demonstrate the ability to partner with various divisions within the organization, including, but not limited to, North America Advisory Services, Sales Management, Global Marketing Services, Global Product Strategy, Project Teams, Technology, Marketing, Sales Support Services and the Sales Reporting Team while building a relationship to help meet the sales mission.Â Display the ability to create and streamline processes and reports related to projects assigned. Become a mentor for other team members. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, are required Â II.Â Â Job Duties/ Responsibilities Â Budget and Expense Management Produce monthly budget and metric actual vs. target reports that would assist business leaders understand their performance, including for NAAS, GMS and GPS. Assist in preparing department expense and headcount budgets as a way to control and monitor costs for several departments. Assist in evaluating how department costs are being allocated to products and other organizations to assist in preparing profitability views of our products and sales channels.Â Assist in identifying changes to currentÂ methodologies to improve allocations, if required. Assist in collecting and summarizing the department objectives and commitments in support of the annual business/ strategic planning process. Answer questions with respect to those reports. Provide analytical commentary and recommendations for change. Create and streamline processes and reports related to projects assigned Â Reporting, Planning and Subject Matter Expertise Develop and provide routine and non- routine reports of complex scope using multiple reporting systems Gather comprehensive information to be used in problem identification and resolution. Analyze data and develop creative solutions. Ability to provide ongoing updates via written and verbal communications Identify and analyze key performance metrics and trends. Establish, implement and maintain best practices. Partner with other analysts. Identify and recommend staff training needs in response to process changes or new product/ system implementations. Qualifications Â III.Â Requirements Â KNOWLEDGE, EDUCATION, AND EXPERIENCEÂ Â Knowledge: Candidate must possess strong communication and interpersonal skills in order to interact with various levels and functional groups. Strong problem solving skills. Have an advanced understanding of the reporting research process and able to recommend and implement workflow improvements. Develop and produce routine and non- routine reports intermediate to complex scope. Interpret reports, providing analytical commentary and recommendations for change. Able to Identify and recommend staff training needs in response to process changes or new product/ system implementations. Demonstrates an ability to perform mathematical calculations and analysis. Have the knowledge of working on Business Objects and Access. Â Education and Experience : Bachelors Degree in Finance or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience 1- 3 years of related experience Experience and working knowledge of Peoplesoft is a plus Experience with project planning and management Â ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONSÂ Investment Services Industry experience is desirable Sound use of technology skills Â SKILLS AND ABILITIESÂ Ability to operate a personal computer and related software Microsoft Office skills: Advanced: Excel, Word, Access Intermediate: PowerPoint, Visio, Project Note: level of skill will vary by specific department/ assignment Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing and to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with persons contacted in the course of performing assigned duties Strong attention to detail Â We rely on attracting and retaining employees of exceptional quality. In addition, we work to instill a performance driven culture that reinforces accountability, innovation, and professional development. To reach these goals, Franklin Templeton Investments provides a comprehensive employment program that comprises a balanced work/ life philosophy, competitive salaries and substantial employee benefits and services, including: Professional development growth opportunities through in- house classes and over 150 Web- based training courses An educational assistance program to financially help employees seeking continuing education Medical, Life and Personal Accident Insurance benefit for employees. Medical insurance also cover employees dependents (spouses, children and dependent parents) Life insurance for protection of employees families Personal accident insurance for protection of employees and their families Personal loan assistance Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Employee Stock Investment Plan (ESIP) Job Function : Â Administration Primary Location : Â India- Andhra Pradesh- Hyderabad Schedule : Â Full- time Job Posting Date : Â Mar 22, 2016, 5: 28: 23 AM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Franklin Templeton International Franklin Templeton International Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details