TITLE: Sitecore Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from CareerNet Consulting!! CareerNet (www.careernet.co.in) is an integrated recruitment consulting organization offering professional services to technology, knowledge and BFSI and retail sector. We have talent search practices focused on each level of experience, function and domain. We leverage our expertise to provide companies an end-to-end talent search experience ranging from the key senior hires to university recruiting. We have a client base of more than 300 companies and have offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi to cater to these requirements. Congratulations on being shortlisted with one of our esteemed client Fortune Global 500 industry leader which could be of interest to you: We are looking for Sitecore Professionals who can fulfil the following criteria: Job Description: Must Have:1. Sitecore CMS 6.0 & above 2. ASP.NET 3.5 & above 3. C#.NET 3.5 & above 4. XML/XSLT/XPATH Good to Have:1. Sitecore DMS / Sitecore eCommerce2. SQL Server 2005/20083. Lucene Search4. Job Location: Chennai/Hyderabad If you, or a friend, match these requirements, please write to me marking Sitecore Professionals in the subject line. Availability to take up an Interview- Notice Period: CTC: ECTC: DOB- PAN- PIN Code- Please let me know if you have any references it would be really helpful for me to close a critical position. If the requirement does not match to your profile please forward it to the concerned person. Thanks & Regards, Leena Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd CareerNet (www.careernet.co.in) is an integrated recruitment consulting organization offering professional services to technology, knowledge and BFSI and retail sector. We have talent search practices focused on each level of experience, function and domain. We leverage our expertise to provide companies an end-to-end talent search experience ranging from the key senior hires to university recruiting. We have a client base of more than 300 companies and have offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi to cater to these requirements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details