TITLE: Programmer Analyst 2- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work with Oracle*s world class technology to develop, implement, and support Oracle*s global infrastructure. As a member of the IT organization, assist with the design, development, modifications, debugging, and evaluation of programs for use in internal systems within a specific function area. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. BS or equivalent experience in programming on enterprise or department servers or systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please apply, If you have the passion and drive to work in an environment where challenges are a norm, where individual brilliance is valued and goes hand in hand with team performance, Where being proactive is a way of life !!! Successful applicants should have/ demonstrate: - - Indepth knowledge and experience with SQL, PL/ SQL, XML/ XML Gateway, OAF, Shell Scripts, JDEV, 11i/ R12 - - Knowledge of Oracle configurations/ setups for R12 eBusiness Suite, table structures and schemas, Flexfields, Concurrent Managers, Custom Object Library and Oracle Workflow - - 2 years experience in supporting and implementing any of the VCP modules - ASCP, Demantra DM/ S&OP, Collaborative Planning, Spares Planning, Inventory Optimization, APCC - - Monitoring and improving daily loads - - Knowledge of any other moduels such as Inventory/ Manufacturing/ Planning application is a good plus - - Good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills - - Ability to present ideas in business & user friendly language - - Ability to deliver effectively in a team setting as well as independently - - Ability to work in a fast paced environment that demands co- ordination across time- zones. - - BS/ BTech/ BE/ MCA in Information Systems, Computer Science or related discipline. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details