TITLE: Staff Nurse

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for the safe, comfortable and comprehensive nursing care of all patients under her care. To perform duties of in charge, during her absence. Responsible for filling the Nursing initial assessment chart, for patients admitted during her shift, and also making proper entries in the nurses record, TPR chart and medication chart Responsible to form a nursing care plan for all patients under her charge, in accordance with the medical/surgical care plan. Responsible to perform all Medical and Surgical nursing procedures as per hospital policies. Make beds of serious patients. Guide the Dayas or Student nurses to make beds of other patients. Ensure patients diets are filled in time and sent to the dietary department. Any special instructions of the dieticians should be followed. Maintain a safe and clean environment for the patients. Coordinate patient care with various health care team members Follow doctors rounds for assigned patients, and carry out doctors orders and instructions promptly and intelligently. Maintain nurses records properly. Record the initial assessment when the patient comes to the ward. Record all procedures done, care given / any observations in the nurses notes Responsible for Management of Medication Ensure the 5 Rs are followed before administering medicines. Before administering medication to patients make sure to take the proper precautions that each medication requires in order to avoid reactions and complications Make double checks before administering high risk medications, Narcotic drugs and blood transfusions. Make sure a second nurse is present while preparing and administering them. Observe changes in patients condition; take necessary action and report and record. Consult clinician if modification of treatment plan is required. Proper Handing / Taking over the patient during each shift Responsible to impart special care and precautions to vulnerable patients. To check phlebotomy, IV cannula, central line, for date of placement and to replace/change when required. Impart health education to the patients as per their diagnosis and requirement. Responsible for Specimen collection, sending investigations and collecting reports. Responsible to maintain infection control practices while extending nursing care to the patients. To educate and ensure all ward staff follow proper hand washing techniques. Responsible to follow waste management practices as per waste management rules and hospital policies. Take equipment and drug inventory on daily basis and maintain records accordingly. Attend In-service education programmes in order to update knowledge and keep abreast of changes and trends in health and nursing care. Must be well versed with computers and be familiar with the HIS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fernandez Hospital Fernandez Hospital started out as a small maternity clinic in 1948,systematically progressing into a full-fledged women's hospital. With a reputation built over six decades, the Hospital presently comprises four strategic locations in Hyderabad - all focusing on efficient, reliable and personalized health care to women. It has successfully handled over 8000 deliveries in 2014-15 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details