TITLE: Data Infrastructure Engineer, gTech Ads

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The gTech Ads team is a solution- generating force that helps our sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. In addition to troubleshooting on the customer side, we work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a cross- functional and global team, it's our job to help keep the lights on and the ads fresh. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum qualifications Bachelors degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience. Experience with relational databases including SQL queries, database definition, and schema design. Experience with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, etc.) . Experience writing and maintaining extract, transform, and load scripts (ETLs) which operate on a variety of structured and unstructured sources. Preferred qualifications Experience designing data models and data warehouses. Experience working with and developing for non- technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non- technical business users, etc) . Experience with Unix or GNU/ Linux systems including shell scripting. Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity) . Familiarity with non- relational data storage systems (NoSQL and distributed database management systems) . Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non- technical audience. Company Profile: Google India Private Limited Google India Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details