TITLE: Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Digital Marketing

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google- caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum qualifications BA/ BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in managing online marketing campaigns. Preferred qualifications MBA or other advanced degree. Proficiency in the display ecosystem of ad networks, demand- side platforms (DSPs) , 1st and 3rd party audience targeting and technology, online measurement, ad operations and Google display ad buying, delivery and measurement platforms. Ability to think strategically and analyze the needs of clients. Proven track record of developing strong relationships, being highly accountable and the ability to meet strict deadlines. Ability to manage auction- based display campaigns across DBM and Google Display Network for large, complex clients focused on performance goals. Excellent business acumen, problem solving and strong project management skills. Superior analytical skills that include the ability to see granular as well as big picture issues. Company Profile: Google India Private Limited Google India Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details