TITLE: Assistant Manager - Talent Acquisition - IT

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required : SAP Hiring, SAP - MDG, Recruitment, Talent Acquisition, IT Recruitment, Technical Recruitment, Campus, Sourcing, Vendor Management, International Hiring - Candidates should be from IT services, Software services Only (Tier 1 Companies) - - TA Experience with International Geographies - Responsibilities : - As an individual contributor, partner with hiring managers in International Geographies (North America, EMEA, APJ, ANZ) to create requisitions and hiring strategies. Should be a good communicator. - Manage end to end recruitment life-cycle for middle and senior level positions. Should have experience in recruiting for SAP MDG Positions. - Partner with Senior Business Leaders and hiring managers to develop and deliver a talent acquisition strategy to identify and engage the top active and passive talent. - Facilitating any required interviews for new hires - Well versed with staffing tools & processes. - Offer Management, Candidate Engagement, Vendor Management, Stakeholder Management. - Preparing various Dashboards and MIS reports on recruiter productivity, quality of hire, cost per hire etc. - Analyze market intelligence reports and talent movement trends in order to adjust sourcing strategy to continue to meet business needs. - Develop and implement systems and drive process improvements to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the recruitment life cycle. - Drive programs, like referrals, interviewer participation and recognition for the success of the team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Technical Recruitment IT Recruitment Talent Acquisition Staffing Hiring Sourcing Strategy Recognition Vendor Management TA Talent Acquisition Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium-Jobs Client of Staffio HR Leading Client of Staffio HR. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details