TITLE: Success Factor Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 2 - 4 year experience on Employee Central Associate certification in EC is mandatory and Professional certification is preferred. Good knowledge in configuration of EC with Time and Position Management etc. Good knowledge of MDF objects, Rules and Workflows. Knowledge and experience of any other SuccessFactors modules is an added advantage. Good business knowledge of various HR processes and Talent management processes. Must be able to translate client business rules to technical business requirements. Must possess strong analytical skills. Ability to confidently articulate information identified for delivery to the client Must have good documentation skills and should be able to work in global environment. Ability to work on multiple projects same time. Experience defining, implementing, and supporting business processes. Good understanding of incident management, and change management. Must be able to communicate clearly and concisely. Experience with data migration and data management activities in SF Experience defining, implementing, and supporting HCM business processes Strong attention to detail and outstanding analytical and problem- solving skills Able to work independently and with others; self- directed; take initiative to solve problems and overcome roadblocks. Results- oriented Ability to thrive in a fast paced, rapidly- changing team- oriented environment . Qualifications: The candidate must have a minimum of one end to end Success Factors EC implementation experience. Certified EC consultant Should be able to work with the customer independently Develops, writes and communicates technical/ Functional requirements & design documents. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NGA HR India Pvt Ltd NGA HR India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details