TITLE: Wealth Planning Officer in India

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi All, One of leading company in Pan India is hiring for position of Wealth Planning Officer for location Hyderabad , Chennai , Bangalore, Kolkatta,Mumbai & Delhi for full time. Please find the job description for Perusal. Position : Wealth Planning Officer. Location : Pan India . Experience : 0 to 2 years. Job Description : Achieve the set business targets on ANP and case count Acquire New Customer through following: Leads Natural market References Orphan base Fix meetings with the prospects to conduct need analysis and explain products Implement and adhere to Need Based Selling Model. Up- sell & Cross Sell the Orphan Base of Customers allocated. Ensuring timely issuance of policies by resolving pending etc. Render prompt post sales service to all allocated customers with respect to all domains Adhere to the customer touch-point engagement in order to service his portfolio of customers. Maintaining the desired persistency ratio Strategize and interact closely with the supervisor on delivering on Business nos. Work collectively with the supervisor and conduct joint sales calls whenever required To develop and implement short term and long term plans to achieve sales targets Adhere to Activity management framework advised Follow up on their database / leads provided by Lead Management System (Orphan/ New Prospects. Update the LMS (Lead management System) on a daily basis. Adhering to the Training Road map. Providing timely reports to the Supervisor / Area manager as per the requirement. Ensuring compliance to internal sales process Should be process & product champion to ensure adherence to TALIC policies and procedures. Participate in risk mitigation plans, contingency planning, business continuity programs by executing and reporting within defined timelines. Highlight and recommend process gaps, flaws and process changes. Don't miss the opportunity as opportunity comes once. Regards, T&M Services Consulting Private Limited Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Process Cross Selling Area Management Post Sales Training Lead Management Need Analysis Risk Mitigation Business Continuity Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Technology Management Consulting Recruitment Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details