TITLE: Program Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon, a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, Washington, is the global leader in e- commerce. Since Jeff Bezos started Amazon in 1995, we have significantly expanded our product offerings, international sites, and worldwide network of fulfillment and customer service centers. Today, Amazon offers everything from books and electronics to tennis rackets and diamond jewelry. We operate sites in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain and United Kingdom and maintain dozens of fulfillment centers around the world which encompass more than 26 million square feet. Amazon has great opportunities for professionals wishing to pursue a career as a leader in Operations. We know that learning through experience is what transforms talented people into great leaders. Our Operations environment presents the candidates with great challenges in dealing with front line management, and driving scalable and continuous improvements across our transportation teams at locations throughout India. The successful candidate will be comfortable with advanced SQL query design, statistical and predictive modelling, have strong analytical and communication skills, and have a passion for using data to drive business decisions. You are analytical and creative, and you dont quit until you solved the problem. You attack complex business questions with data and curiosity, diving below the surface to identify the root cause and the so what? rather than just superficial trends. You thrive by providing data- driven decision support and business intelligence that is timely, accurate, and actionable. Major Responsibilities: Use data analyses and statistical techniques to develop solutions to improve customer experience and to guide business decision making Identify predictors and causes of business related problems and implement novel approaches related to forecasting and prediction Identify, develop, manage, and execute analyses to uncover areas of opportunity and present written business recommendations Collaborate with multiple teams as a leader of quantitative analysis and where you develop solutions that utilize the highest standards of analytical rigor and data integrity Analyze and solve business problems at their root Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Requirements: An Engineering degree in a quant intensive discipline At least 2 years of industry experience in data analysis, statistical analysis and predictive modeling MBA from a top tier business school Record of delivering large analytical solutions with business impact Experience on R/ SAS/ Matlab and SQL Excellent Microsoft Office skills, including a strong working knowledge of Excel Problem solving ability and passion for big data Excellent communication and data presentation skills Fluent written and spoken English Professional traits necessary for Amazon leaders: Exhibits business judgment Has relentlessly high standards Dives deep and is result oriented Thinks big and has convictions Works in a fast- paced environment where continuous innovation is desired and ambiguity is the norm Preferred Qualifications Experience in invoicing and accounting related fields Solid project management skills Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details