TITLE: Opening in Ruby on Rails @ Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Good Day. With Reference to your profile, please find the below JD Job Description in Brief: Design, develop, extend and maintain web applications software using C++ and Java programming languages. Perform or assist in feasibility studies of needed software development. Conduct and participate in design reviews and code reviews. May plan and perform unit and system level testing of implemented software modules and enhancements using lab test equipment needed Help fix software bugs found during all testing phases Prompt and regular attendance is required in order to ensure quality workflow Other projects and assignments may request and be assigned to accommodate the changing needs of the department and Company Good understanding on MVC Architecture, web development programming, debugging experience. Good hands on experience on Linux and Windows OS development environment. Hands-on experience with C++ and Java/J2EE programming. Hands-on experience on Ruby on Rails and python / Django is most preferable. Strong experience on any scripting language is preferable. Experience on web development technologies like Java script, JQuery, ExtJs, html and CSS. Experience on any web/application servers and deployment. Experience on networking domain is preferable. Good hands on experience on code review and code repository tools. Hands on experience with development IDE tools and debugging plugins. Hands on experience on bug tracking tools. Understanding of Agile development. Please let me know your interest on the same. Please share your Cv and below details CTC: ECTC: NP: Regards, Naganandini naga.nandini@cambio.co.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cambio Consulting http://jobs.cambio.co.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details