TITLE: Hiring Java Developers/ Tech Leads for Hyderabad - Zenmonics Software

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Zenmonics is a global technology services and product company serving specialized in omni-channel integration, bank technologies and mobility solutions for the financial services industry. Zenmonics is headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., with additional offices in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Pune in India.. Zenmonics has also featured in The Charlotte Observer's 2015 Top 50 Workplaces. Zenmonics has a rich and wide array of experience across the breadth and depth of digital industry. We are a gold standard in the realm of digital transformation, enablement and channel integration. Our highly acclaimed, ground breaking and Omni-Channel suite of mobility products, channelUNITED TM, digitalBANKING, mobileBAKER and socialBANKER, are built on cutting edge technologies. We at Zenmonics are looking for the Java Developers/Tech Leads with the following skill sets: Job Title: Java Developers/Tech LeadsLocation: HyderabadJob Description:*4-9 yrs experience in Java and J2ee Technologies *Experience in Core Java, Struts and Spring MVC*Should have at least min 1 year experience in WebservicesNice to Have Skills:*Good to have experience with free marker template.*JBOSS application Server, Apache CXF*XML and XSLT, JSF and EJB 3.0*Nice to have Hibernate/iBatis*Banking domain experience is preferred*Very good communication and programming skills Interested candidates can share resumes to Jagan.Pamu@zenmonics.com with below detailsCurrent CTC:Expected CTC:Notice Period: Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zenmonics Software Pvt. Ltd. Zenmonics Software Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details