TITLE: Business Systems Consultant 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provide QA testing for an Electronic Trading application that supports high grade/ high yield desk. Electronic Trading Platform is an architecture that connects major brokerages and individual traders so they can trade directly between themselves. ECNs include Bloomberg, TradeWeb, MarketAxcess, etc. Ability to analyze and test order entry trade information, market data and price valuation from various order entry systems is a must. Business line coverage includes fixed income bonds, Bond Spreads, HIgh Grade, HIgh Yield, Agency etc Ability to test End- to- End with every application within the electronic order trading Platform. Candidate will need to work closely with development teams to understand changes to the architecture and bug fixes and enhancements to the Electronic Trading services. Successful execution of the role will require strict attention to detail around environment configuration for the regression tests, involving multiple envs and teams. Candidate must develop effective test plans through consultation with US Partners and development team members (without formal Business Requirement Docs) , maintain/ upgrade/ run the regression test cases, and document the process for production support. Bachelor degree in computer science, math, finance, or a related discipline. Minimum 8 years of experience in QA and 4- 5 years specific experience in Electronic Trading Good knowledge of High Grade and High Yield Bonds Experience with an order entry trading applications that makes calls against external trading application like Bloomberg, TradeWeb, and Market Axes, KB to send/ retrieve order information Familiarity of LINUX/ UNIX file systems Oracle SQL knowledge Ability to track and report defects, issues and overall results to peers and management Strong technical and analytical skills Excellent communication skills and judgment, ability to manage multiple tasks, and work towards a deadline. Able to handle a fast paced, aggressive development schedule Strong working knowledge of Quality Center Demonstrate Leadership qualities Liason with global team and communicate with US Leads on day to day basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Provide QA testing for an Electronic Trading application that supports high grade/ high yield desk. Electronic Trading Platform is an architecture that connects major brokerages and individual traders so they can trade directly between themselves. ECNs include Bloomberg, TradeWeb, MarketAxcess, etc. Ability to analyze and test order entry trade information, market data and price valuation from various order entry systems is a must. Business line coverage includes fixed income bonds, Bond Spreads, HIgh Grade, HIgh Yield, Agency etc Ability to test End- to- End with every application within the electronic order trading Platform. Candidate will need to work closely with development teams to understand changes to the architecture and bug fixes and enhancements to the Electronic Trading services. Successful execution of the role will require strict attention to detail around environment configuration for the regression tests, involving multiple envs and teams. Candidate must develop effective test plans through consultation with US Partners and development team members (without formal Business Requirement Docs) , maintain/ upgrade/ run the regression test cases, and document the process for production support. Bachelor degree in computer science, math, finance, or a related discipline. Minimum 8 years of experience in QA and 4- 5 years specific experience in Electronic Trading Good knowledge of High Grade and High Yield Bonds Experience with an order entry trading applications that makes calls against external trading application like Bloomberg, TradeWeb, and Market Axes, KB to send/ retrieve order information Familiarity of LINUX/ UNIX file systems Oracle SQL knowledge Ability to track and report defects, issues and overall results to peers and management Strong technical and analytical skills Excellent communication skills and judgment, ability to manage multiple tasks, and work towards a deadline. Able to handle a fast paced, aggressive development schedule Strong working knowledge of Quality Center Demonstrate Leadership qualities Liason with global team and communicate with US Leads on day to day basis. Company Profile: Wells Fargo India Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Wells Fargo India Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details