TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Normal 0 false false false EN- US X- NONE X- NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Interested in being part of the nextgeneration suite of pre- packaged SaaS Internet- of- Things applications runningon the Oracle Public Cloud Then read on.... Our team is focused on building cuttingedge IoT applications for the manufacturing industries that will helpanalyze machine and ERP data by applying advanced analytics and data miningtechniques. Main features include providing Key insights on Real timePrediction, historical data analysis, Genealogy, Traceability and Process controlanalytics. This will help Businesses / Industries to improve yield, reducedefects, minimize manufacturing cycle times and reduce manufacturing costs. As a member of the team you will work on cutting edge technologies likeSPARK, HADOOP, Advanced Analytics/ Data mining, Oracle Database 12c In- Memoryfeatures in addition to Java, JavaScript and PL/ SQL Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment.Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or superviselower level personnel. BE/ BTech/ MTech or MCA or MS degree or equivalentexperience relevant to functional area, and 4 or more years of relevant experience. We are currently looking for brilliant Engineers who can fill the belowposition (A) or (B) A) Big DataDeveloper Mandatory Skills : Hadoop Big Data SPARK Map Reduce noSQL Expertise in building applications using Apache Spark and Hadoop Exposure to noSQL, Kafka, Hive, Pig and Sparkstreaming. Strong Java programming skills is a MUST Good to Have: Development experience with Spark MLLib or other distributed machinelearning libraries is a bonus. Experience in setting up multi node Hadoop clusters is a bonus ( OR ) B) RDeveloper/ Data Scientists Mandatory Skills: R programming Statistics Data Mining PredictiveAnalytics Proficient in R. Strong background in mathematics, statistics andprogramming. Good to Have: Exposure to ORE or ODM is bonus. Hands on development experience of data miningsolutions is desired SQL, PLSQL programming skills / * Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable{mso- style- name: "Table Normal"; mso- tstyle- rowband- size: 0; mso- tstyle- colband- size: 0; mso- style- noshow: yes; mso- style- priority: 99; mso- style- qformat: yes; mso- style- parent: ""; mso- padding- alt: 0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso- para- margin: 0in; mso- para- margin- bottom: .0001pt; mso- pagination: widow- orphan; font- size: 10.0pt; font- family: "Calibri", "sans- serif"; } Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details