TITLE: Manager - Risk Investigations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary of Responsibilities: In charge of managing one and/ or more teams of Investigation specialists who investigate buyer, and/ or seller transactions on Amazon platforms and take appropriate actions based on processes, tools and high- judgement decisions. Provide leadership and administrative support to their team (s) and manage them to achieve and constantly improve service levels based on forecast and capacity, minimise the impact of bad debt by meeting achieving targets, achieve process improvement, ensure road mapped project execution (and identify new ones) , and focus on the people development of their team. The responsibilities in this position may span over multiple processes and functions and locations. In addition to being responsible for achieving and exceeding teams defined metrics through sustainable change or process improvement. She / he will be expected to participate in strategic planning, project road mapping activities of the team. Identify trends in team performance and recommends/ implements change to constantly raise the Performance levels in the team. Expected to participate in projects that involve one (or more) teams within the Organization and that address issues outside the normal areas of responsibility or expertise required by their process. The Key to success in this role is the ability to understand the Transaction Management groups vision and make independent decisions with sound judgment to manage their teams to attain that vision. The incumbent is required to demonstrate performance in the following areas: Metrics, by consistently leading their team to meet and exceed service levels and targets in reducing bad debt for their Company and maintain the performance and metrics of all team members, and hence the team at expected levels. Process Improvement, by delivering significant Business impacts and/ or contributions to their company through improvement to quality, productivity, or customer experience. Work with peer technical teams in Amazon to articulate and prioritize feature needs for investigation tool sets. People Development, by developing the Performance levels, career and skills of their Investigator teams through continuous closure of performance feedback loops. Possess ability to recruit excellent team members into their team and Amazon. Project Participation, by effectively participating in projects that involve multiple teams within Amazon that are above and beyond the normal area of responsibility or expertise. Consistently demonstrate timely delivery of projects on roadmap to support the team and department vision. Business Exposure, by using their exposure to teams technical or business areas, their understanding of Amazons marketplace, trends and fraud issues impacting the retail industry, to share ideas with Management that positively influence the vision for the Transaction Risk management group. Judgment and Discretion: The incumbent has direct responsibility over multiple functions and processes in the Transaction Risk Management Group. She/ he consistently exercises discretion in tactical and strategic decision making/ problem solving and routinely reports to management chain as required. She/ he takes decisions that are reasoned documented, and involve partnering with other internal stakeholder/ teams as appropriate and required when making decisions that have wider impact. Implement best- in- class processes and practices for maintaining and exceeding productivity and quality service level agreements. Actively manage investigator 24/ 7 capacity and the triggers for creating investigations to balance global investigation supply and demand. Provide focused feedback loops for investigators and managers based on crisp performance and quality data. Reward strong performers and manage up or out weak ones. Keep abreast of trends and fraud issues impacting the retail industry. Ensure that Amazon is leading the curve in identifying and preventing new fraud attacks. Recruit top- quality investigators. Develop employees and their skill sets to expand the team capabilities and provide growth opportunities for future Amazon leaders. Exceptional operational, managerial, analytical and interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications A Bachelor degree is required to apply for this position. Additionally degrees and qualifications that are desirable are MBA and Six Sigma skills. Requires around 4 or more years of operations experience. This experience should preferably contain two (or more) years of People Management as well three (or more) years in the Fraud or Financial risk management domain. Preferred Qualifications Strong candidates may come from a background in operations in ITES/ IT companies (operational excellence expertise in the form black belts/ green belts or equivalent work exp. would be desirable) Language experience in at least one of French/ Spanish/ German/ Italian / Japanese would be preferred. The domain of experience should contain Fraud investigations / Credit Approval/ Claim processes, and/ or Financial Risk Management Operations that would be a value add to this experience. Advanced working knowledge of MS Office (esp. MS Excel) suite of products skills and optional knowledge of SQL, SAS, or PERL skills. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details