TITLE: Weblogic & Jboss Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent experience with the installation, configuration, maintenance and support of JBoss application server (5.x, 6.x & 7.x) and Apache (1.x, 2.x) & IIS (6.x, 7.x, 8.x) Webservers on different platforms (Linux/Solaris/AIX/Windows )and environments (DEV/QA/TST/STG/PROD). Expertise in troubleshooting system outages, installation issues, and application code running JBoss/Apache/IIS in different operating systems (Windows/Linux/Solaris) Excellent experience with troubleshooting in production environments is required Excellent Experience in integrating JBoss with Web servers, including apache and databases (Oracle, SQL etc). Good Experience with back-up and recovery methodology, clustering, and high-availability strategies. Proficient in Java EE Application Structure (JAR, WAR, EAR, SAR), JBoss AS Deployers, Deploying and Redeploying Archives, Deployment Dependencies and Ordering & JBoss Class loading. Experience in setting up the JDBC Resources and JMS Resources in JBoss EAP and deploying the applications through admin console and command line. Experience with automation of middleware platforms (installation, configuration etc.). Must provide support for infrastructure changes such as JBoss/Tomcat upgrades, Solaris or Linux patches and application installs. Experience working in Linux/Solaris environments. Bash shell scripting experience is required. Good experience with Linux/Windows OS and server monitoring tools. Must have worked in an Agile environment and should have solid understanding of Agile concepts. Experience in operational 24x7 support. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Unitforce technologies Pvt. Ltd. ISO Certified Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details