TITLE: RM / Sr. RM - Government Banking Group

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.The prime responsibility is to interact & liaison with Finance Heads /Senior Officials at various government bodies to source business & offer banking solutions meeting the needs of the customer. 2.Establish contact and develop relationships in specified number of central/state departments, collectors, District Development Officers (DDO) and / or Municipal Corporations 3.To submit / bid for various collection and payment mandates in the above entities to achieve specified average CASA balances. 4.To coordinate with Commercial Banking, GBG Product teams to structure the offering in a cost-effective manner. 5.To train relevant branch personnel and oversee mandate execution on a sustained / continuous basis for smooth servicing. Salary:INR Salary is not a constrain for the right candidate, if interested, for a fast response send your CV to Shalini@bfsisearch.com Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 6.Any Graduate / MBA with 3-8 Years of Experience in Leading Banks / NBFCs.7.Good communication and presentation skills, negotiation skills with ability to interact with people at various levels of the organization and outside environment, strong sales and relationship management skills. 8.Good knowledge of various General Banking products including Trade Finance, Cash Management, Treasury and Banking Operations 9.Interpersonal effectiveness and influencing skills - Ability to speak with conviction using data and logic. 10.Analytical - Ability to break the complex issues into smaller more manageable chunks, ability to look at trends and interrelationships , ability to understand the underlying needs of the clients. 11.Process orientation- Ability to manage information in structured and systematic manner. Company Profile: AddRec Solutions Pvt.Ltd. Our Client is one of the Leading Bank of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details