TITLE: Applications Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will analyze and integrate external customer specifications. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture. Build new products and development tools. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to discuss major changes to functionality. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform detailed design based on provided high level design specifications. Assist in system planning, scheduling and implementation. Build enhancements (including new product features) and resolve bugs. Build and execute unit test and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Interact with QA and porting engineering about problems in the code. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performscomplex problem solving without assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 8- 10 year of software engineering or related experience. You will be a part of Accounts Payables team of Oracle Fusion Applications - Financial Suite Payables is corner stone product in Procure- To- Pay life cycle. Payables basically captures and recreates invoice provided by the supplier for goods / services delivered. Payable not only integrates with most of the products with in financial like SLA, Etax, Fedral, Payaments, Fixed Assets but also products from other families like Purchasing, Projects. Please refer http: / / www- apps.us.oracle.com: 1100/ ap for more information on product Skills: 8 Years of development experience Excellent skills in coding, debugging, performance tuning skills in Java, J2EE, SQL, PL- SQL, RDBMS concepts Excellent knowledge of Development framework, design patterns, Web servers Excellent problem solving, analytical and prioritization skills Self- starter, Customer- focused, aggressive, ability to find solutions Multi- tasking Personal Profile: Creative, analytical, adaptive, good team player, committed to quality, self motivated Prior experience of Oracle Applications / ADF technologies would be added advantage For more details please contact: atul.kulkarni@oracle.com Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details