TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Improve an organizations market position and achieve financial growth. Define long-term organizational strategic goals. Build key customer relationships. Identify business opportunities. Negotiate and closes business deals. Maintain extensive knowledge of current market conditions. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks. Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Personal Specification Computer proficient with Microsoft Office, Adobe InDesign and Adobe Photoshop. Excellent written, oral and IT skills. Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. Ability to prioritise and manage own time. Must be able to multitask and work to tight deadlines. Ambitious, eager to develop own skills and take on more responsibility. Confident and keen to work in a fast-paced environment. Proactive, with the ability to think outside the box. Maintain professionalism. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IIC Technologies Ltd. IIC is an ISO 9001:2008 certified premier service bureau with significant experience in terrestrial, hydrographic and marine mapping business. IIC provides end-to-end GIS/mapping solutions including data acquisition, data processing and creation of data products for our clients. IIC delivers data in all standard formats such as (CARIS, AutoCAD, ESRI ArcGIS, MapInfo, SmallWorld, GeoMedia etc.) as per project/client requirements.As an internationally recognized expert in marine charting, IIC provides quality service and innovative solutions to hydrographic offices in 14 countries around the world, complying to IHO / other prevalent standards. IIC is the country representative of CARIS GIS, a world leader in digital charting software. IIC services include Handling of massive ocean and coastal hydrographic survey data; Creation, maintenance, quality control and management of digital paper charts / ENC.IIC specializes in all aspects of photogrammetry, innovative map design, specialized digital terrain and elevation modeling, and advanced GIS solutions.IIC provides complete range of data conversion services with a quick turn-around time and a high degree of accuracy. IIC possesses all requisite capabilities in-house and huge manpower strength to operate in a fast-track mode. IIC services extend vertically to provide end-to-end GIS solutions to assist in data updating, generating report and decision-making. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details