TITLE: IT Analyst (Irving)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: IT Analyst will lead project teams to deliver multiple, simultaneous projects that span across several business or technology areas. The candidate will be expected to effectively Analyze, review, schedule, Prepare and check quality of deliverables through the full project life cycle (discovery, analysis, design, construction, test and implementation.) The candidate will often work in close coordination with marketing teams successfully manage and deliver applications to existing and new partners. The Manager will also be expected to contribute to the development of a project management methodology and assist in the construction of a formalized program office. This position is a unique opportunity with a cutting edge industry software and services company to lead and build the development department and be a part of the Company management team. Company is seeking a person who is creative and energetic, with experience Analyze and developing business applications for external markets, architecting and product design, managing a team of developers, and with a willingness to learn the business aspects of a market. Individual will have excellent communication skills and a proven ability to work with all levels of personnel including company executives, marketing, product manager, technical support, and customer support. Required Experience/Skills: To be considered, you MUST have a proven track record and the following skills and abilities: Analyze customer reqs, data models and other documents to construct effective test plans. Provide direction and guidance to test analysis. Review technical document to ensure testability, maintainability, accuracy and consistency. Document test coverage and traceability requirements. Maintain testing activity which includes test case design, development and execution. Design automated test scripts fro efficient testing of the interfaces. Data translations and batch outputs on similar processors. Ability to prepare test data for positive and negative test scenarios for functional testing as documented in the test plan. Interactive Quality Center to plan tests, manage test assets, create and run manual and external scripts to check GUI and functional features. Work with the development team to communicate the bugs, suggestions and resolutions. Follow up with the development team to on the resolution for the open defects. Plan and coordinate the test effort through all phases of test lifecycle for the project Desired Qualification: Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Engineering. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required ME/ M.Tech./ MS (Engg/ Sciences) BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) Company Profile: Oberon IT, Inc Oberon IT, Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details