TITLE: Teamcenter Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Are you looking/ eager to work on PLM Domain ......Then this is the right place and platform to kick start your career. PROLIM (www.prolim.com) is curently seeking Teamcenter Developers with relevant 5+ years of experience for Mysore and Hyderabad location for one of our top clients. About PROLIM Corporation PROLIM is a leading provider of end- to- end IT, PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improve their profitability and eficiency by providing high- value technology consulting, stafing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting oferings include; Advisory, PLM Software/ Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/ Stafing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/ Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/ CAM/ CAE, Process ; Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/ Validation within a wide range of markets and industries. Job Description: PLM, CAD Packages Teamcenter 10.1.4/ 10.1/ 9.0/ 8.3, BMIDE, Unigraphics NX9.0/ 7.5/ 6.0, TcRA 10.1, AW 2.4, RapidStart 10.1.2, Teamcenter Reporting and Analytics Programming Languages and Tools Teamcenter Integration Toolkit (ITK/ Server Side) , Teamcenter Rich Client Side Programming, UG NX Open API (UFUNC) Programming, UG NX Knowledge Fusion Programming (UG/ KF) , UI Styler, Unigraphics Menu Script, C, C++, Java Programming, SWT Experience: Solid C++ and Java programme Experience in Teamcenter PLM and playing the role of a Lead or Senior PLM consultants curently Solid Experience in TCRA, AWC and Upgrade Requirement analysis with customers and efort estimation. Server, client side development, UI configurations through stylesheets, Data Model Implementation in BMIDE, BMIDE configuration Rich Client User Interface modifications through stylesheets, new Business Object Wizards, and custom menu options. Contribution eforts associated with Teamcenter software releases, system upgrades, patches and troubleshoot software related problems. Self- motivated to improve technical expertise in anticipation of changing industry developments. Team player and excelent communication skils. About PROLIMCorporation PROLIMis a leading provider of end- to- endIT , PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improvetheir profitability and eficiency by providing high- value technologyconsulting, stafing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting oferings include; Advisory, PLM Software/ Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/ Stafing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/ Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/ CAM/ CAE, Process ; Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/ Validation within awide range of markets and industries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details