TITLE: Trial Lead

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Accountable for all operational aspects of assigned clinical trial (s) executed by GBS Clinical Trial Services on behalf of Novartis Organizations. Lead Clinical Trial Teams responsible for full trial execution from protocol generation to clinical trial report/ manuscript writing. Accountable for ongoing and effective collaboration with Sponsor, GBS Line Functions ( medical writing, statistics, data management, monitoring, etc.) and third- party vendors. Track performance and quality aspect. 1. Agree with Sponsor and GBS Line Functions on realistic trial timelines. 2. Accountable for the writing of clinical protocols and related documents in collaboration with the GBS or Sponsor Medical representative as appropriate 3. Lead the Clinical Trial Team to ensure all trial deliverables are met according to timelines, budget, quality standards and operational proce- dures. 4. Accountable for investigators meeting organization and internal meetings related to the clinical trial execution 5. In collaboration with the GBS or Sponsor Medical representative, lead the clinical trial data ongoing medical/ scientific review, final analysis and interpretation 6. Ensure input is provided to clinical outsourcing specifications to facilitate selection of vendors 7. Accountable for project / trial allocation plans within given indications. Work closely with the Regional Monitoring Managers on feasibility and patient enrolment. 8. Work with GBS Line Functions and QA to identify potential quality issues and implement actions to resolve them. Work with GBS Clinical Data Sciences team to ensure timely availability of reports needed to track trial performance. 9. Accountable for the development, management and tracking of trial budget working closely with the GBS Finance and Sponsor representative. Accountable for accuracy of trial information in all trial databases and tracking systems. Key trial deliverables and milestones achieved, including appropriate resources management. External & internal customer satisfaction survey Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Clinical Research Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Advanced degree or equivalent education/ degree in life science/ healthcare is required. Fluent English (oral and written) . 1. 10 years Clinical Operations experience with at least 7 years managerial experience in planning, executing, reporting and publishing clinical studies in a pharmaceutical company or contract research organization.2. Proven ability to work independently, to lead a multidisciplinary trial team in a complex matrix environment 3. Good leadership, negotiation and project management skills 4. Thorough knowledge of GCP, clinical trial design, statistics, regulatory processes, and global clinical development process. 5. Demonstrated presentation skills. 6. Strong customer oriented mindset 7. Ability to resolve issues with minimal supervision and understand when to escalate. 8. Willingness to act accountably in project / trial management Company Profile: Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details