TITLE: Digital Marketing Executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for the marketing strategy and execution of Digital Marketing, Email Marketing, Social Media, Online Advertising, Promotion and outreach for a wide variety of events and programs. 2. Executing digital campaigns using Google AdWords, YouTube / Facebook / Twitter / LinkedIn Ads , Facebook Apps, Ad Networks, Customized Microsites, Email and SMS. 3. Managing, Monitoring & Reporting SEM campaigns for various projects. ( Google Adwords, Facebook Ads, Bing Ads, CPA & CPS ) . 4. Responsible for managing Company's digital content, distribution and marketing. 5. Supervise development and production of YouTube- specific videos like Channel strategy, YouTube Content Innovations, Day- to- day channel audience engagement, Partnership and collaborations management, Asset and copyright management, Analytics reports. 6. Ideate, plan, implement the digital strategy for all projects. Plan social media campaigns, ensuring high and relevantdigital engagements. 7. Develop analytics reports and collate data from Social Media staff reporting, presenting analysis of campaigns and trends to concerned departments. 8. Budgetary control and reporting all digital marketing activities. Manage multiple projects, schedules and maintain budgets effectively. 9. Manage online brand and product campaigns to raise brand awareness. Managing and improving the design / redesign of company website. 10. Strong understanding of UX, UI and Information Architecture. 11. Expert knowledge of responsive designs and ability to deliver a unified experience across all platforms. Required Skills: Excellent presentation skills. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills to clearly articulate decisions. Digital and Social Media Marketing and analytics. Prior experience in Media / Entertainment industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: QUELABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD QUELABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details