TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle Product Information Management (PIM) Data Hub Oracle PIM Data Hub, helps customers eliminate product data fragmentation, a problem that often results when companies rely on nonintegrated legacy and best- of- breed applications, participate in a merger or acquisition or extend their business globally. Oracle PIM Data Hub can be used across all industries, regardless of existing enterprise application environments, including best- of- breed, in- house or legacy. Oracle Product Information Management Data Hub Today companies can leverage the capabilities of Oracle PIM Data Hub together with Oracle PIM Data Librarian and Oracle Application Server 11g, to consolidate, manage and synchronize all product information with other source systems and trading partners. This comprehensive enterprise product information management solution offers virtually unlimited extensible attributes, workflow driven change management and granular role- based security. The data stored within the hub can be both unstructured data, like sales and marketing collateral, or structured data such as item attribute specifications, bills of materials (BOMs) for engineering and manufacturing. Customers may use the Oracle PIM Data Hub to help manage business processes around such activities as the following: * Manage sell- side and buy- side product catalog: Customers can securely store all finished goods product information - product characteristics, sales and marketing information, collateral, datasheets, images and organize products into user- defined catalogs for quick retrieval provide easy and secure access with keyword- based or parametric search. * Centralize Product Master: Customers can consolidate their product and components into Oracle Product Information Management Hub to serve as an item master for all their systems. It also allows customers to manage product specifications, product documents and product configurations in a central system. Customers can manage new item definition and request process, control product data quality with validations and standardization and streamline product changes request and orders with workflow driven approvals and reviews. * Integrated BOMs Management: Customers may consolidate and manage BOMs from multiple engineering systems, sales configurations, global manufacturing plants and service organizations; and provides a single view of BOMs per each product or item. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details