TITLE: Applications Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will analyze and integrate external customer specifications. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture. Build new products and development tools. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to discuss major changes to functionality. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required We are looking for versatile and passionate candidates to tackle customer problems and work on new technology as we continue to push technology forward in the areas of OAF/ Java, Big Data and Business Intelligence Preferred Qualifications Academic Qualification : BE/ BTech/ MTech or MCA Work Experience : 6 years and above Ideal Candidate should have - Strong working experience in one the following categories 1) SQL/ PSQL, JAVA/ J2EE and good to have - OAF and / or ADF exposure OR 2) OBIEE, Java Scripts, JAVA/ J2EE and good to have some level of SQL understanding OR 3) Technologies related to BIG DATA and Hadoop, R & ORE and exposure to technology tools of Advanced Analytics and some understanding of Java or SQL - Possesses good understanding of database design principles and Oracle database concepts - Knowledge of Oracle EBS Process Manufacturing Applications Modules are an added advantage, although not mandatory - Excellent Communication skills - Demonstrated expertise in problem solving and technical innovation - Should be flexible to learn and work successfully on any technology area Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details