TITLE: Technical Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required This engineer position is for the exciting technology (ATG) support group of Oracle E- Business Suite. The work require to have good understanding and excellent knowledge of the Oracle Database and E- Business Suite Administration. This is an amazing opportunity to increase your technical skills on latest E- Business technologies and tools. As an EBS- ATG Support Engineer, you will be focused on identifying, diagnosing and troubleshooting issues that are related to the E- Business Suite Advanced Technologies and Configurations and get involved in relevant Fusion middle ware technologies and tools that are associated with E- Business Suite. on releases R11i, R12 and R12.2. You should be ready to learn Oracle Applications Framework and mobile application technologies and advanced configurations. Preferred Requirements: Technical degree, BS Computer Science/ Information Systems Management/ Engineering Proven communication skills in English (written and spoken) Oracle DBA and Apps DBA skills with good working knowledge of WLS and Fusion middle ware technologies.. Very good understanding and working knowledge of Oracle Technologies. Form Server, Report Server. Oracle Application Framework SQL & PL/ SQL Good Troubleshooting skills. Desired: Very good understanding of the E- Business Suite architecture Strong knowledge of Oracle Database. Good hands on exposure to EBS Applications Framework. Hands on experience on Web Server and middle ware technologies. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details