TITLE: Principal Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overview: Oracle HGBU products are industry leaders in Hospitality segment F&B and Hotels. Oracle HGBU is developing scalable and modular solutions that encompass front office, back office, CRM, sales and catering, revenue management, reservations, distribution, point- of- sale, and a multitude of other hospitality industry functions Responsibilities: Design, Develop, Troubleshoot and Debug software programs for assigned functional areas of Hospitality product suite Tasks include preparing design documentation, coding, unit testing, debugging, integration, performance tuning and maintenance of assigned software modules Acts as a individual contributor as well as team member Usually works with little supervision, conferring with superiors on unusual or extremely complex matters. Assignments are broad in nature, usually requiring originality and ingenuity May provide guidance, assistance, and technical leadership to lower level software engineers on more complex/ large projects Interacts internally/ externally on as needed basis to exchange information Requires excellent written and oral communication skills as well as relationship building competencies Fully competent in own area of expertise Qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience relevant to functional area 8 years of experience in software product development using JAVA Experience in JAXB Web Services and Oracle Database programming including Database design, Oracle SQL and PL/ SQL Proficiency in J2EE and MVC pattern Experience in XML, Web Services, SOA, Real- Time systems, Multi- Threaded applications Completion of minimum of three full life cycle development projects Ability to effectively communicate and interact with user representatives and peers in design and feedback sessions Experience with any database - Oracle, DB2, SQL Server etc Strong experience with Oracle SOA / OSB Preferred Skills: Experience in Architecture of enterprise applications Experience in migrating .NET based webservices to Java stack Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details