TITLE: Editor - Scripting

SKILLS: TV

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Overview : Creation of Scripting files in the broadcast (television series and movies) and/or theatrical (feature films) formats. Ensuring that these files conform to department standards and client requirements. Ensuring 100% on-time delivery, while also maintaining the department's high standards of quality. Primary Responsibilities : - Ensure that the quality of files is consistently high, and is accurate with regards to audio fidelity, timing, and other, finer editorial rules that need to be followed for the format. - Ensure that each file is checked against reference materials related to the project, and implementing required instructions, be it specific to that project or otherwise, to ensure that the final product is consistent and error-free. - Check that the file conforms to department guidelines and/or client specifications. - Ensure that every file is delivered as per specified deadlines. - Communicate clearly and effectively with supervisors and coordinators, both within the office and, if required, in the sister locations, regarding the status of work. - Follow department-specific schedules and guidelines, and demonstrate adherence to the schedule. - Follow all company policies without fail. Hiring Requirements: Good understanding of spoken English Good comprehension skills Good communication skills in English Good knowledge of computers and internet Good research skills Good knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Team player, detail-oriented, proactive Ability to work under tight deadlines Ability to multi-task Good problem-solving skills Knowledge of and a continuing interest in media and pop culture Knowledge of any foreign language is a plus Should be above 18 years of age Open to work in all shifts including day / night Minimum 12th pass / diploma Interested candidates, Please walk-in to the below mentioned Venue between 10 AM to 4 PM on 13th Oct 16. Contact Person : Arpitha Hiremath Venue : DigiCaptions India Private Limited Embassy Golf Links Business Park Pebble Beach - Block B, 1st Floor Off Intermediate Ring Road, Domlur Bangalore 560071, INDIA Website: www.bydeluxe.com 91 80 41153000 Ext. 268 Land Mark : Near Hero Honda Showroom Thanks & Regards, Arpitha Hiremath Human Resources DigiCaptions India Pvt Ltd Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: TV , Films , Production , Broadcasting Role Category:Production/Technical Role:Assistant Editor/Editor Keyskills Editorial Spoken English Problem Solving Communication Skills Mass communication BPO English Editor English Literature BA literature MA English BA English Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DigiCaptions India Pvt Ltd. Digicaptions India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deluxe Media (Deluxe). Deluxe is a leading supplier of DVD, Blu-ray, BD Live, and digital distribution post production services, including subtitling and localization, video compression, encoding, authoring, menu design, bonus content production, audio, and network services. We provide theatrical dubbing services, as well as point-of-purchase creative displays. Deluxe is a global company with presence in 6 countries. Our clients include the major Hollywood studios as well as a growing number of on-line retailers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details