TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Collaborate daily with the implementation teams to help produce acceptance criteria for user stories, providing technical and domain expertise that helps drive decision making. Develop user interfaces that are intuitive, usable, visually appealing, and easy to learn. Develop software requirements specifications and software design specifications. Develop working, readable, testable, scalable, maintainable, and quality source code. Deliver materials on time, on budget, and of high quality. Work with hardware and software developers in a wide range of disciplines to develop fully integrated applications. Set expectations and establish priorities throughout the development life cycle Integrate applications by designing database architecture and server scripting Create multimedia applications by using authoring tools Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required At least 2 years working in in Android development and previous experience working in Java. Proven and tractable experience within software programming. Strong grasp of computer science fundamentals and an in- depth knowledge of Android devices. Experience with Agile (XP and Scrum) or Lean development. Experience with source code management using Git or similar technologies. Desire to work using a Test- Driven Development (TDD) Approach. Experience with working with Design- Driven Development (DDD) . Experience with JSON, XML, JavaScript and interfacing Android applications to server- side APIs. Strong experience of detecting and correcting memory usage issues, and optimising code for application performance. Strong experience in Java application development, with extensive use of: - Java I/ O - Collections - MVC - algorithms - design patterns - concurrent programming (multithreading, concurrency, etc.) - object- oriented programming - memory management - unit testing (and mocking frameworks such as Mockito or JMock) - Knowledge and understanding of profiling tools and memory management. Company Profile: Grid Logic Software Private Limited Grid Logic Software Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details