TITLE: Ux Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Zenoti | Careers | UX Designer At Zenoti, we have a team of smart, dedicated people who bring creativity and collaboration to everything we do. We are looking for strong UX designers with excellent communication skills to be part of the team. ROLES RESPONSIBILITIES Usability Engineer works on various project teams to develop user centric designs for web sites and web applications. Creates and manages UX, UI and graphic design briefs by gathering information and data to clarify design issues. Thinks creatively and proactively to produce new ideas to meet the constraints of look- and- feel, user and technical requirements. Produce high quality mockups to support concept and design briefs. Analyse usability performance of our products and define targets together with product management team Lead the interaction design efforts, adhering to standards and guidelines established by the User Interface Design team. Develop user interface design proposals that embodies simplicity, relevance to user and high end visual solutions Undertakes documentation including sitemaps, wire frames, task flows, interaction designs, use cases, flow charts and navigation models. Prototypes of navigation models and interaction designs for demonstration and usability testing Remain involved in the design process from start to finish, seeing concepts through to finalized mockups, and thoroughly identifying all edge cases. Successfully communicate conceptual ideas to cross- functional teams. Work closely with the Development teams to ensure that mockups are successfully translated into quality web pages. Create briefs for usability studies and support with adequate information and prototypes or material Oversee user testing and focus groups to better understand user interaction. Research on best practices and feasibility for new project ideas. SKILLS EXPERTISE Familiar and up to date with emerging web trends and designs Web Design HTML, Web browser capabilities and new technologies - Observing user research and translating user research into design decisions Experience of creating or managing graphic creation and production, documenting and creating style guides Knowledge of usability and usability research/ study is highly desired Thorough understanding of usability principles and standards in web design. Experience with a variety of user research methods. The ability to innovate - - build off of existing conventions to create advanced interaction designs. Excellent written and oral communication including strong presentation skills along with the ability to communicate design requirements to both technical and non- technical colleagues. Good organizational skills and cross- functional awareness. Candidates must have demonstrated expertise in the field by providing design samples and case studies. Software usability experience such as performing and overseeing usability tests, cognitive walkthroughs, heuristics evaluations, surveys, interviews, competitive analyses, task and needs analyses, user profiling, and other usability methodologies is highly desirable 5+ years experience as a UX designer Zenoti is a leading cloud- based, business software used by spas, salons and medi- spas. With more than 5000 customers in over 35 countries, we are expanding rapidly across the globe. Our focus on innovation and smart business practices have led us to serve some of the biggest brands in the wellness industry. Zenoti primarily works with wellness brands which have large scale with several outlets across regions. Our founders are a team of successful technopreneurs with rich and varied industry experience. Since our inception in 2010, their combined expertise in designing world- class software along with the best business management practices in the wellness industry, have led Zenoti from being a small start- up to a leading brand in the industry. Even as we continue to grow, were committed to retaining a start- up feel and culture in the company. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zenoti Zenoti Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details