TITLE: ERC Lead - Employee Exits

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ERC Lead - Employee Exits Overview: Amazon.com Amazon.com strives to be Earth\'s most customer- centric company where people can find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want - low prices, vast selection, and convenience - Amazon.com continues to grow and evolve as a world- class e- commerce platform. Amazon\'s evolution from Web site to e- commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of innovation that is part of the company\'s DNA. The world\'s brightest technology minds come to Amazon.com to research and develop technology that improves the lives of shoppers and sellers around the world. About Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd. (ADC) Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd. (ADC) started in Bangalore in 2004 followed by centers in Hyderabad (2005) and Chennai (2005) . The vision was to utilize the top talent available in India to drive our global business growth. Today, ADC builds, supports, tests and manages technology, products & services which support millions of Amazon customers worldwide. Check us out at http: / / www.amazon.jobs/ . Job Description: We are looking for ERC Lead role based out of Hyderabad or Bangalore to support employees during separation process. This position will be required to engage with HR stakeholders, HR compliance, Business, Payroll vendor, support functions including Payroll, Finance, IT, Security and Employees with the objective to provide world- class customer service. Expectation from the role will include identifying bottlenecks in our daily operations and problem- solving for those, drive projects in partnership with peers & other stakeholders, is data driven and enjoys working on reports/ dashboards and ensures service level commitments are always being met. Details: Ability to manage confidential and sensitive employee information Strong in process management and data management Attention to detail and ability to prioritise in a fast- paced environment Addresses a variety of problems, questions & escalations. Takes into consideration established knowledge, process and policies to determine outcome. Expected to provide solution based on root cause analysis. Consults with manager to identify next steps based on scope of impact. Maintains employee files, personnel record and runs audit time- to- time Strong judgment and instincts, knows when to escalate Project management skills, may lead small scale projects Ability to build relationships and influence others Creates and distributes standard communications Participates in cross- functional process improvement initiatives Documents business requirements for system enhancements or changes Point of contact and subject matter expert (SME) for the team Work timings You will be required to work in day shift (9 AM to 6 PM) . Flexibility to working hours is preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications