TITLE: Senior Java Developer, Angular JS Developer for Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Magna InfoTech! An excellent opportunity awaits you with one of our most renowned clients. Whether you are a fresh graduate beginning your career or an experienced professional looking to accelerate your career growth, we can provide with a platform to enrich your career.Â About magna InfoTech Magna InfoTech is the leading provider of technology staff augmentation & solutions in the Indian sub-continent. Powered by over 10,000+ Associates; 350+ Recruiters servicing over 250 Clients, we are the only staffing company with industry focused verticals including Automotive & Engineering, BFSI, FMCG & Retail, Healthcare, Products, Services & Consulting &Telecom. Magna provides customers with a comprehensive talent management solution specific to an industry, geography or business purpose. We not only promote career growth in India, but enrich this learning experience globally with International operations in Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore and further expansion planned for Middle East & South-East Asia. Today we are recognized as the most compliant partner by our customers (300 + client audits on a yearly basis) Are you a Fresher/Experienced ( 6 month International BPO Experience) with Good Communication Skills in English and Looking out for an Opportunity to Join in an MNC!!!! Job Description We are looking for an AngularJS Developer responsible for the client side of our service. Your primary focus will be to implement a complete user interface in the form of a mobile and desktop web app, with a focus on performance. Your main duties will include creating modules and components and coupling them together into a functional app. The artistic design will be delivered to you, together with a few HTML templates, but we will ask for your help in regard to animations, CSS, and final HTML output. You will work in a team with the back-end developer, and communicate with the API using standard methods. A thorough understanding of all of the components of our platform and infrastructure is required. Â Experience : 3 - 5 Yrs. Qualification : Any Graduate Notice Period : Immediate / 10 Days Location :Hyderabad. If interested, kindly send across the CV to above mentioned ID with below Details: Full Name Total Experience Relevant Exp Highest qualification: Pan Card Number Date of Birth Present Company Direct/Contract Employee Official Notice Period How soon You can Join after Selection Current Location Work Location Current stage of the project Any Interviews are in Pipe Line Any offer in hand Reasons for leaving Present CTC Expected CTC Employment Type: Will be a permanent employee with Magna and will be deployed to our client Place. Thanks & Regards Deepika.M HR Consultant Contact Details: 040-39179101 Email ID: deepika.m@magna.in Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Magna Infotech Pvt Ltd Greetings from Magna InfoTech!An excellent opportunity awaits you with one of our most renowned clients. Whether you are a fresh graduate beginning your career or an experienced professional looking to accelerate your career growth, we can provide with a platform to enrich your career.Ã‚Â About magna InfoTech Magna InfoTech is the leading provider of technology staff augmentation & solutions in the Indian sub-continent. Powered by over 10,000+ Associates; 350+ Recruiters servicing over 250 Clients, we are the only staffing company with industry focused verticals including Automotive & Engineering, BFSI, FMCG & Retail, Healthcare, Products, Services & Consulting &Telecom. Magna provides customers with a comprehensive talent management solution specific to an industry, geography or business purpose. We not only promote career growth in India, but enrich this learning experience globally with International operations in Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore and further expansion planned for Middle East & South-East Asia. Today we are recognized as the most compliant partner by our customers (300 + client audits on a yearly basis) Are you a Fresher/Experienced ( 6 month International BPO Experience) with Good Communication Skills in English and Looking out for an Opportunity to Join in an MNC!!!! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details