TITLE: Manager(hr)/sr Manager(hr/agm (HR)

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Envisages:- * Strategic Recruitments include JD development, profile analysis, check on culture-fit, role fit, etc. * Induction .. devise ways and means for enabling new joiners to quickly integrate. * PMS .. bring awarenesss among the Line Managers, create a culture of measurement, bring the significance of dialogue process, hand-hold for bringing a change. * Design policies, checklists, flow charts etc. for internalization. * Design customized training interventions and ensure its impact * Competency mapping and its institutionalization * All operational HR matters viz. Payroll, Benefits Management etc. * Conversant with all Labour Laws/Statutory Obligations and its implementation. Attributes: Update with latest trends Eye for details Business awareness Technology Orientation Service Orientation Excellent communication. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Exp: Around 15-20 years of experience and out of which atleast 5 years in the function of strategic HR with reputed companies, preferably from Infra Construction spaceQualification: MHRM/MBA(HR)/MPMAge: Not crossing 43 years Company Profile: K M V Projects Ltd KMV Projects Ltd. was established three decades ago and is now a leading engineering, construction and contracting company in India. KMV is synonymous with quality, precision, professionalism, commitment and innovation. We are managed by a professional team of board of directors and supported by highly qualified and experienced staff more than 600. At KMV we hire qualified tradesmen to handle our work. We have our project offices in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Orissa and Rajasthan states Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details