TITLE: Urgent Opening for the Position of Sr. Database Developer(sql)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION- 6+years of experience with SQL, SSRS, SSIS is required -4+ years experience programming, ETL, data analysis or reporting using various software packages such as SSIS, SSRS and SSAS; Experience with UNIX and Sybase desirable. -3+ years of experience performing significant data analysis and report development. -3+ years of experience relational databases, database structures and design, systems design, data management, data warehouse. -3+ years designing reporting databases/data warehouses -Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Access -Experience working with complex, multi-source data systems required -A background in healthcare -MS Word and PowerPoint Preferred Qualifications: -Bachelor's degree -Expert in SSIS, SSRS experience -Intermediate level of experience with SSAS and SQL. Soft Skills: -Highly analytical and enjoys solving mysteries -Very detail oriented, with careful attention to work processes -Ability to work creatively and flexibly, both independently and as part of a team -Takes ownership of responsibilities and follows through hand offs to other groups -Ability to analyze user requests, define requirements, develop project plans and report conclusions -Good organizational, and written and oral communications skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stefanini IT Solutions In Brief about Stefanini:Stefanini was founded in 1987 in Brazil and today we are a Global IT services firm with over 16,000 employees globally.We have over 74 offices in 34 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific.We service Fortune 500, as well as midsize companies across all industry verticals.Some of our largest clients include Ford, John Deere, ALCOA, Johnson & Johnson, Coca-Cola, Dell, Capital One, Credit Suisse, Dominion Power and Light, First Data Corp, Louis Vuitton, Gerdau and General Electric.We started our operations in the U.S. in 2001 with our office in Fort Lauderdale Florida.In 2010 we acquired 2 companies, one in Detroit, Michigan which is our U.S. corporate office and one office in Richmond Virginia. Our other U.S. locations include Atlanta, Chicago, Fort Lauderdale, New York, Chicago, Davenport and Dallas.In addition to IT staffing, we are an Industry Leader for Service Desk and Desktop Support, we have a strong SAP practice, and we also offer Application Development and Applications Support. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details