TITLE: SAP ABAP Developer_ Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description We have an urgent opening of for one of the leading FMCG Industry Job Description Dear Candidate, I have immediate opportunity with our direct client. Following is the position details. Please let me know if you are available/ interested so we can further discuss this position. Also email me your resume and contact number where I can call you. Designation: SAP ABAP Developer Experience: 2- 3 SAP ABAP Education: Any Qualifed Salary: Negotiable Location: Hyderabad JOB DESCRIPTION: The SAP ABAP Developer is responsible for the design, development, testing & support for ABAP to meet the business needs of the company. Working closely with our SAP Functional Specialists to deliver, maintain and troubleshoot and enhance SAP functionality. TECHNICAL SKILLS: Workbench, Data Dictionary, Report Programming, Data Conversions (BDC/ LSMW) , Screen Programming, Smartforms, Interface, Enhancements & Modifications, Workflow, ALE/ IDOC, Solution Manager for documentation maintenance, Strong debugging skills, Performance Tuning, Authorizations KEY RESPONSIBILITES: 2 to 3 years of experience in ABAP with the modules SD, MM, FI, PP, PM Ability to co- ordinate and interact with multiple teams including the SAP Functional teams Should have strong hands- on knowledge in ABAP technologies viz. Interactive Reporting, Dialog Programming, BAPI, RFC, SAP Scripts, Smartforms, ALE/ IDocs, Interface Programming, BDC, Workflow and Data Conversions. Ability to help resolve complex technical issues and independently manage critical/ complex situations. Ability to write and validate the technical specification and user manual documents. The candidate will be responsible for Technical analysis, designing, reviews, testing an implementation of SAP Developments. Support production configuration and assist in functional change requests. Support business implementations by sharing best practice development skills. Assist initial testing of problem fixes, change request, enhancements, and new functionality. Work with SAP to resolve software bugs. Participate in release upgrade or new functionality / enhancement assessments and make recommendations. Perform break/ fix analysis and recommend solutions for finance related processes. Develops technical specifications and works with BASIS and functional experts to complete object development and testing REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: A university degree in Engineering or Master of Computer Science/ Application. 2 to 3 years of SAP ABAP with End- to- End Implementations or Support Projects Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem- solving environment Good communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills Strong organizational, multi- tasking, and time- management skills Excellent negotiation, influence, mediation and conflict management skills Additional Information I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rectitude work force solutions Pvt. Ltd. Rectitude work force solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details