TITLE: Lead Engineer - Plant Controls

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: This Lead Engineer Plant Controls is primarily responsible for leading & delivering fulfillment excellence on technology focused value- add Plant Controls solutions HRSG/ Boiler & BOP projects from order inquiry through commercial plant operation. This role requires, in addition to closely collaborating with our internal & external customers, strong inclusive team player with technical domain depth, on- time quality execution & strong customer focused mindset. Essential Responsibilities: In this position, the individual will be exposed to all aspects of the Plant Control system comprising of HRSG/ Boiler and BOP systems knowledge, controls application software and Plant operations . The successful individual in this position should have great understanding of the HRSG/ Boiler & BOP controls as well as the fundamentals of Boiler , BOP Operations and process knowledge to deliver optimum value to the customer. The position will also offer opportunities to directly interface with customers and commercial GE entities. Working with experienced Engineers & Engineering Technical Leaders, in the requisition, design, validation and commissioning of Plant system solutions for aftermarket applications, the successful candidate will utilize her/ his problem- solving, technical & interpersonal skills & project management experience to - Design and development of controls for simple cycle & combined cycle projects (HRSG/ Boiler , BOP) . Demonstrate strong Domain knowledge on HRSG/ Boilers and BOP - HRSG Advanced Attemperation Upgrade and NOx abatement upgrades solutions, Plant Performance Monitoring, Boiler Stress Monitoring - Coordination with Project managers and customer for design inputs for the OTR phase of the project. Resource, Budget and schedule management. - Interface with global supply chain for manufacturing and ordering of controls equipment. - Interface with third party equipment using standard OPC, Modbus, IEC, FFB protocols. - Lead and conduct Controls Software Acceptance Test (SWAT) with Customer demonstrating and validating Controls Functionality, - Analyze the existing plant and upgrade/ enhance the existing control system to the project requirements. - Attend customer Kick off meetings and design reviews and translate technical information for engineering and design. - Work on MarkVIe* based Plant Controls project. Learning & executing the Plant Controls team process that would include estimating control hardware, ordering hardware , understanding DCS software library, configuring control software for simple / combined cycle power plant, third party communication protocols (Modbus, IEC, OPC, FFB etc.) and conduct Software Acceptance Test (SWAT) with the customer - Provide Start Up, Commissioning, Issue Resolutions support for Power Plant Controls Systems on Controls HW and SW Applications with occasional travel to customer sites as needed - Pro- actively collaborate with the commercial and ITO teams to drive successful & smooth OTR execution of Controls solutions. - Provide Project leadership for assuring design execution quality & timeliness, while enhancing technical domain expertise, demonstrating strong sense of ownership, accountability & urgency in meeting critical business metrics - Write, Test & develop requirements for application code and failure mode driven validation methodologies - Provide constructive inputs driving continuous improvement, deliverable quality & productivity improvements . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: Bachelor degree in Engineering (Electrical / Electronics / Controls & Instrumentation) Min. 7- 12 years working experience in Engineering, with at least 6 years experience in HRSG/ Boiler & BOP domain Strong working knowledge of HRSG and BOP Controls and Operational philosophy of HRSG/ Boiler BOP and GE Gas turbines Steam turbines with hands on experience on HRSG & BOP controls would be distinct advantage Hands on experience in Installation/ Commissioning/ Maintenance of HRSG/ Boiler & BOP Controls Systems, HMI and Networks Proven Experience in developing Controls Logic using Ladder Logic / Statement List / Block Logic diagrams Experience with Mark VIe, Controls and Complicity controls platform will be added advantage Proven track record leading & executing multiple concurrent projects for Plant Controls upgrade to completion timely & quality Strong communication, presentation & project management skills Experience working in global, matrix org & ability to make timely and sound decisions based on data Strong written communication skills and write technical documents which is concise and clear . Strong organizational, interpersonal, and leadership skills. Capable of handling multiple projects in a fast paced environment and prioritizing to meet business objectives. Self- starter that can accept broad based assignments and work with limited direction from technical leader. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: The candidate should be an expert in operational philosophy of Combined cycle Power plant operational philosophy and should have strong in systems level knowledge and can understand mechanical, electrical and Instrumentation devices and has solution based approach for customer needs/ problem . The candidate should have good Knowledge in efficiency, heat rates, savings, availability, reliability and safety. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Ability to influence others and lead small teams. Lead initiatives of moderate scope and impact. Ability to coordinate several projects simultaneously. Effective problem identification and solution skills. Proven analytical and organizational ability. Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details