TITLE: Manager- Global Security Operations Centre

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: The GSOC Manager is accountable for the organization, execution, planning and administration of the GSOC function within the Security & Risk Management group Oversees, directs, and enhances the operational functions of GSOC to detect, analyze and respond to advanced and emerging cyber threats. He/ she is responsible for advising senior leadership on complex and often unique cyber threat issues. Co- ordinate the management of all global security incidents that occur to ensure that containment, root cause analysis and remediation occurs. Essential: 8- 10 years of industry experience with Cyber Security, Security Incident Management & Vulnerability Management. Demonstrate holistic management of Security Operations (Cyber Security Threats, Incident Management, Vulnerability Management, Change Management, Compliance Management and Risk Management etc.) . In depth knowledge on Computer Networking, Application Security & Information Security concepts. Lead the day to day management of the Global Security Operations program. This will include management and scheduling of shift working in the GSOC. Should have a strong Team/ People Management skills, ensure effective, efficient and complete coverage of SOC at all times and building high performance team members with critical capabilities and strengths that works incidents from inception to remediation Identifies competency gaps in SOC and develops training plans for SOC staff to have the skills required for identifying emerging threats Acts as an escalation point for the Security Analysts in event of a Major Security Incident. Liaising with the business following a security incident and providing support as necessary until remediation has proved effective. Run a continual service improvement programme for the Global Security Operations team. Perform Security Incident Response activities, coordinating with other stakeholders recording and reporting security incidents. Recognize potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analysis of relevant event detail and summary information. Prepare briefings and reports of analysis methodology and results. Create and maintain GSO procedural documentation Technical experience: Knowledge and experience working with ISO 27000 standards, ITIL, SOC1/ 2 Rudimentary understanding of the underlying protocols and data used as the basis for the security monitoring service, including: HTTP, HTTPS, SQL, TCP/ IP, Active Directory Knowledge and experience working with security tools used to monitor business environments (SIEM, netflow, IDS/ IPS, Vulnerability Management, AntiVirus etc) . Desired certifications: SECURITY , CEH, CCNA, CSX, CISM, CISSP. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NGA HR India Pvt Ltd NGA HR India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details