TITLE: Product Manager/ Strategy 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work as part of a team that acts as the central resource and driving force for the design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing of product (s) as they move from conception to distribution. Organize interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/ product on schedule and within budget. As a member of the product development division, you will define product specifications and or strategy. Gather and analyze information to define product specifications and review design specifications. Communicate product strategy and functionality. Initiate and foster relationships with other groups. Review product documentation and collateral. Ensure successful product releases based on corporate priorities. Duties and tasks are varied and complex, needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overview: Oracle HGBU products are industry leaders in Hospitalitysegment F&B and Hotels. Oracle HGBU is developing scalable and modular solutionsthat encompass front office, back office, CRM, sales and catering, revenuemanagement, reservations, distribution, point- of- sale, and a multitude of otherhospitality industry functions Responsibilities: Interact, liaise, and communicate status updatesthrough development cycles Respond to feature and functionality questionsfrom the various channels, including both internal/ external customers andvendors Provide detailed documentation that serve as aninput for subsequent phases such as Development, QA etc Provide support to Development and QA teams tofacilitate faster release cycles May provide pre- sales support including customerpresentations, meetings, high level design reviews May maintain and publish demonstrationenvironments Stay abreast of industry issues and requirements Assist with the preparation of documentation, both on assigned and generic projects, including release notes, newsletters, online help, etc. Assist with the preparation, organization andimplementation of beta installation and conduct 1st/ 2nd line support during thebeta process Travel may be required Other duties may be assigned Qualifications: Bachelors degree and a minimum of one or moreof the following: 3 year related software systems and 5 years food& beverage experience 5 years as an industry business or softwareanalyst Good computer/ systems background: PC platforms, Windows Operating Systems, Oracle, SQL, MS Office applications Preferred related applications knowledge forrepresented product (i.e. Micros Fidelio, OPERA, OXI, OEDS) . Oracles product knowledge a plus Previous experience working within amulti- cultural global software development project a plus Please Note: Due to the nature of this position, employeemay be subject to extensive background checks (including fingerprinting) byOracle customer's and/ or vendors as a condition to conduct business on theirpremises. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details