TITLE: SAP MM Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Master Data management Materials Master, Vendor Master, service master, Source list, Info record. Uploading Material master, vendor master, source list and initial stock uploading through LSMW. All materials management configuration, testing and documentation. Business process understating, documentation to map the process in the ERP. Creation of plants and assignments storage locations, purchase organizations, purchasing groups. Coordination with other functions the concerned depts. Providing Functional Specs for new reports development. Post implementation support includes solving the request raised by the end user. Ensure timely response and resolution of problem tickets with in the stipulated time. SAP MM support on daily operations and new process configuration. Collection and mapping the user requirements in to SAP as per the business demands Creation of condition records for different condition types. Creation of different types of input tax codes. Design and Configuration of release Procedures for External Purchasing documents Knowledge on MM and SD integration and FICO. Preparation of user role matrix Preparation of unit & of integration test scripts Update & Circulate Issue log Review & Conduct testing on ABAP Developments MRP, Minimum Max level fixation Sales forecasting uploading Providing end user training and End user manual preparation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Agriculture / Dairy Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should haveÂ The incumbent should have functional experience. Having one full life cycle implementation experience in SAP Material Management module (E C C 6.0 ) in manufacturing industry with PP, SD and FICO integration.Candidates who are having industrial experience before SAP MM experience are preferred.Candidate should be well aware ofÂ Local Language and is must. Company Profile: HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Heritage Foods Ltd (commonly known as Heritage) is one of the largest public limited dairy enterprises in Southern India.The Heritage Group, founded in 1992 by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu, with Four-Business divisions viz., Dairy, Retail, Bakery and Agri under its flagship Company Heritage Foods Limited (HFL), and other associate Companies viz., Heritage Finlease Limited, and Heritage Agro Merine Private Limited. The budgeted annual turnover for the F Y 2014-15 is around Rs. 2000 Crs.Presently Heritage milk products have market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu,Maharastra and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details