TITLE: SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEERS

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities include: Development and support product features throughout all phases of the development cycle. Define, design, and implement complex, software applications. Segment and design system layers to support componentized and layered application development, including business logic functionality and database/component repository access. Work with other engineers, managers, Product Management, QA, and Operations teams to develop innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules, and adherence to development goals and principles. Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes. Identify and make recommendations to reduce project risks. Ability to find and help fix performance & scalability issues in a very time critical environment Job Description: Must have advanced knowledge of J2EE technology. Have worked on projects from conception through delivery including developing and deploying to production architectures. Understand issues about scalability, reliability etc. 3-5 years of BEA Weblogic Platform architecture - primarily Portal, design and implementation experience. Extensive experience with AquaLogic Service Bus (ALSB) is a must. Understanding of networking concepts and technologies as they pertain to internet applications, specifically DNS, proxy, SSL and load balancing implementations. DNS, Proxy, Linux, networking as they pertain to internet applications Responsible for the definition, design, construction, integration, testing, and support of reliable and reusable software solutions, addressing business opportunities. Includes systems analysis, creation of specifications, coding, testing, and implementation of application programs and data interfaces Requires a previous domain of experience in applications development. Responsible for overall application design, including interfaces with other applications and systems. Assures that application designs are consistent with industry best practices application attributes (including scalability, availability, maintainability, and flexibility Works substantially with little supervision or oversight to deliver key milestones 2-3 years prior application development experience Experience with minimal application integration Ability to deliver highly technical information to a broader audience beyond the team lead while influencing within the team Exposure to working with third parties and suppliers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Any Post Graduate Any Graduate Company Profile: Oberon IT, Inc Oberon IT, Inc Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details