TITLE: Software Development Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Have you ever thought what the next big thing in E- Commerce business is Have you ever thought of building an E- commerce platform for buyers to purchase anything available across the globe and for sellers to sell their products globally This is what we are building at Amazon - Amazon Global Selling (AGS) - which is one of the top- line and fastest growing business at Amazon. Amazon Global Selling is a global E- Commerce platform that would allow any seller to register, upload inventory for global selling, ship products globally through Amazons FBA, view global inventory and position the inventory anywhere in the world, get recommendations on potential demand and supply opportunities, get paid anywhere in the world in any currency, use the cross- border shipping offered by Amazon, pay taxes & get invoices easily using in- house integrated top- rated Tax providers and many more. Sellers get instant access to customers from all over the world and customers get a wide- range of selection of products from all over the world to ship to their door steps. AGS engineering team is building innovative and scalable next generation global selling platform that would eliminate barriers to global selling. You would be part of this journey to build large scale enterprise distributed systems using machine learning, globalization concepts like localization, translation, multi- tenancy, unified account, competitive pricing etc. You would build complex architecture that would offer millions of sellers a world- class front- end UI experience to manage their end- to- end E- commerce business. You would be solving complex problems to give the best price to the customers on Amazon than anywhere in the world. You will be working on wide- ranging business functions and technology stacks that need in- depth knowledge. We are looking for highly technical, passionate, self- motivated and talented software engineers who love solving tough and challenging problems. The ideal candidate will need exemplary analytical skills, critical thinking, problem solving skills, innovate and solve complex problems using simple solutions and have a passion for creating scalable, reliable & maintainable enterprise facing software systems. As a software engineer, you will be part of a dynamic group of engineers where flexibility, teamwork, and creative thinking are highly valued. Engineers worldwide will look to you for mentorship, guidance and solutions to complex problems. The ability to build productive relationships with colleagues at remote sites around the world will make you successful in this role. Do you want to be part of our innovative team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications B.E/ B.Tech/ M.E/ M.Tech degree in computer science or related fields, or equivalent experience, is required. 4 years professional experience in software development Computer Science fundamentals in object- oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Writing best quality code, following engineering best practices, doing effective code reviews and coaching the team to follow highest standards in developing solutions. Strong customer obsession and ownership to independently drive projects and deliver results. Preferred Qualifications Experience building reliable, scalable, secured and complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Excellent written and verbal communication skills to work with stake holders and partner teams Experience in machine learning Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details