TITLE: Database Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Would you like to be a part of a team focused on building, enhancing, and extending technology solutions that manage the companys financial systems that deal with multi- terabyte databases. Do you have deep knowledge of Oracle Database concepts, strong Oracle E- Business Suite application administration experience, and deep skill with years of experience administering the Maximum available architectures with Oracle E- business tools and its related technology Do you have a passion for customers, automation, design, development, data integrity and process improvement Amazon is looking for someone well- rounded technically, well- versed in Oracle E- business Suite Administration with a deep dive in Oracle RDBMS, passionate about maintaining Highly available and scalable systems, and experienced with building integrated and scalable systems in a global environment. As a Database Administrator on the Global Financial Systems team you will have the opportunity to work with Oracle RDBMS, Oracle E- Business Suite, PeopleSoft and related technologies alongside a team of dedicated software and data engineers, architects, and database administrators. Your broad responsibilities include partnering with Amazon Internal DBAs along with others within and across the organization, teaming up with other analysts and developers to design and implement quality solutions on a variety of projects. In addition to those standard responsibilities, you will also play a key role in support of the below while carrying pager when on On- call. Install, upgrade, and patch Oracle RDBMS (11g R1/ R2/ R3 RAC/ ASM) , and Oracle E- Business Suite (11i/ R12) per product/ security lifecycles Define and Maintain load balancing, fault tolerance and Parallel Concurrent setup for Oracle E- Business Suite components on standalone and RAC systems. Administer Oracle database security and maintain SOX audit requirements for Oracle RDBMS and E- Business Suite Develop and manage Backup and Recovery Management solutions using Oracle and Non- Oracle tools Develop and manage ILM Solutions for Oracle E- business Suite with standard and custom solutions Troubleshoot Oracle RDBMS and Oracle E- business Suite related issues using diagnostic and performance tools Work closely with Oracle to address the issues raised by Oracle SRs Proactively monitor and perform health- check for the databases and E- Business Suite using Oracle Grid Control and Amazon internal Monitoring Systems Test, validate and implement performance and resource optimization improvements in consultation with development teams Monitor and maintain database security and database software per standard security practices of Amazon and Industry Participate in on- call for production databases - daily maintenance, monitoring, problem resolution and internal customer/ Dev support Database performance tuning - optimizing databases and applications for performance and scale Design, develop, and implement Oracle database instances for the development and production environments Controls migrations of programs, database changes, reference data changes and menu changes through the development life cycle. Puts standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance. The DBA will perform reviews on the design and code frequently to ensure the environment standards are being adhered to. Evaluates releases of Oracle and its tools, and third party products to ensure that the environment is running the products that are most appropriate. You are an advisor and consultant to the teams in your organization. Within your department you exert technical influence over multiple teams, increasing their productivity and effectiveness by sharing your broad knowledge and experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications B.S. in computer science or related field, or equivalent. 5 years of Oracle Database Administration experience on Unix/ Linux. Worked with latest Oracle database technologies, including 11g. Oracle E- Business Suite 11i/ R12 for at least 3 years on Unix/ Linux. Experience in Oracle 10g/ 11g RAC and GRID Architecture, Configuration, and Administration. Experience in Oracle Applications E- business Suite (11i/ R12) Architecture, Configuration, and Administration. Experience in Linux Architecture, Configuration, and Administration. Working knowledge of Oracle DBA best practices (e.g., oracle internals, schema management, index optimization, and use of hints) Experience in a 24X7 production environment. Experience in Capacity monitoring and management capabilities. Experience with various Disaster Recovery Practices. Experience with multi- terabyte databases. Experience in advanced Unix shell/ Perl scripting. Should have expert knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices. Should have deep specialized domain knowledge and expertise in deployed systems (scalable distributed systems algorithms, storage allocation algorithms, deep database skills) . Should have strong verbal and written communication skill. Preferred Qualifications Extensive experience in Maximum Available Architectures. Strong working knowledge of Oracle DBA best practices (e.g., oracle internals, schema management, index optimization, and use of hints) . Strong background in Data Warehouse concepts / strategies. Strong query and database tuning skills. Capacity monitoring and management capabilities. Experience with various Disaster Recovery Practices. Extensive UNIX / Perl scripting, SQL, PL/ SQL, and automation skills. Highly motivated to solve problems efficiently. Fast troubleshooting and resolution skills while working with shifting priorities. Extensive experience with high- volume OLTP database systems. Ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details