TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overview : Oracle HGBU products are industry leaders in Hospitality segment F&B and Hotels. Oracle HGBU is developing scalable and modular solutions that encompass front office, back office, CRM, sales and catering, revenue management, reservations, distribution, point- of- sale, and a multitude of other hospitality industry functions Responsibilities : Participate in the evolution and execution of procedures for ensuring the quality of new features and releases of software Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards Assist in the assessment and planning of test efforts required for new functions/ features under development Authors and executes test cases/ scripts and plans manual and/ or automated tests Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions Isolates, reproduces, manages and maintains defect and test case databases, and verifies fixes Develops product quality control inspection specifications and techniques and interprets these trends Works is independent and collaborative in nature Fully competent in own area of expertise Qualifications : BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience relevant to functional area 4 years of experience in software engineering Ability to effectively communicate and interact with developers, users, Beta site representatives and peers in design and feedback sessions Experience in requirements gathering and documentation Experience with client- server and/ or web applications Experience with SOA applications including Web Services experience Experience with various Operating Systems (Windows, Android, Linux, iOS) Experience with various DBs (Oracle, MS- SQL Server, SQL Lite etc) Experience with Test tools (Bug tracking, Life Cycle Management, Test Management etc) Preferred Skills : Experience in Hospitality Domain - Point of Sale, Hotel / Property Management etc Experience in Automation OATS, Selenium etc Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details