TITLE: Project Management

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This role requires managing and leading multiple software development projects within KPT. You will be responsible for the success of a mix of client-specific and internal technology development projects, and will be expected to use your creativity and ingenuity to facilitate delivery of projects within time, budget and quality constraints. For projects under your remit, you will also be expected to act as the single point of contact for KPTrsquos clients, sales, marketing and executive teams. You will work closely with other project teams covering differing product genres and OS platforms in order to facilitate development of common core product components and architectures. You will be responsible for planning and taking projects through the different phases of a software development cycle. You will ensure adherence to the software development processes within KPT and contribute continuously to their improvement. You will be expected to manage risk and make technical and administrative decisions with considerable independence. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required M.Com. (Commerce), M.Sc. (Science), ME/ M.Tech./ MS (Engg/ Sciences) B.Com. (Commerce), BE/ B.Tech (Engineering), B.Sc. (Science) Company Profile: KeyPoint Technologies India Pvt Ltd. KPT is a global leader in innovative language technology offerings for mobile consumers. Its product range includes the industrys first user-initiated and multi-lingual search and discovery platform, Xploree; revolutionary text input technology, Adaptxt and Indias first Indic keyboard, Lipi. KPTs global leadership is established through the consumption of its products by OEMs, operators, third party applications, brands and consumers in more than 136 global languages, including 35 Indic, complex languages for MEA and SEA countries. Successful partnerships with tier-1 & tier-2 global business partners for its products and localization services have propelled the company into a rapid growth phase. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details