TITLE: Software Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Design, develop, deploy, operate, troubleshoot, debug software programs in Oracle Public Cloud As a member of the Data Cloud Listen Team, you will be working on loosely coupled distributed system processing millions of internet properties and social messages (i.e. Twitter, Facebook, Google , Blogs, News, Boards, Review forums, etc.) . Processing such as text processing, natural language processing (NLP) , sentiment analysis, etc. You will assist in defining, developing, debugging, designing, deployment and operations of software service (s) in Oracle own's public cloud. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 5 years of software engineering or related experience. Though we are in Oracle, we are an acquired company and we embrace all open- source stuff Hadoop / HBase, Kafka, Zoo Keeper etc. Requirements: - Good knowledge of Linux operating system is a must - Good coding expertise (of 4 years) in any one of these programming / scripting languages is a must - Ruby/ JRuby, Java (Note: Assumption is that you can learn any other language easily and adapt, if you can't please do not apply!) - Very good troubleshooting skills - Good design skills - Ability to articulate, break the problem into pieces, modules, etc. - Knowledge of Hadoop, Kafka would be an advantage - Knowledge of text processing, stemming, NLP, sentiment analysis is an advantage (but not a must) Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details