TITLE: Job Opportunity with Trianz for Software Engineer- Dot Net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an immediate requirement for Software Engineer - Dot Net for Hyderabad location. About Trianz: Trianz is a dynamic, growth-oriented firm that leverages its Management Consulting, and Technology Services to provide turnkey execution services to its clients across, high tech, insurance, financial services, retail, life sciences, public sector, healthcare, and logistics industries. With offices in Silicon Valley, Washington DC Metro, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, and the UAE, Trianz serves a wide range of clients from Fortune 1000 to emerging companies. Over the past decade, Trianz has developed a reputation for excellence in execution, enabling global organizations to achieve results envisioned by their top management. Trianz measures success completely in client terms - the impact created through business execution. Please find the detailed JD mentioned below: Experience- 0.5 To 2 Yrs Job Location: Trianz, Hyderabad (www.trianz.com) Responsibilities: *Develop and implement Dot Net based Solutions according to client requirements. Extensive experience of designing and developing software applications with the .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, AJAX and Web Services. *Responsible for designing Presentation Tier (Web Pages and Master Pages) using asp.net Master Pages, HTML, XML, CSS and Java Script. *Possess in-depth knowledge in SQL Server 2008, with technologies such as Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and Transact SQL. *Worked with .Net Server side Controls like GridView, DataList, ListView to retrieve the data from the database and display it to the user. Used various features of these controls like Paging, Sorting and Editing. *Responsible for designing web pages with asp.net controls with rich user interface using jQuery. *Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to effective work within a development team Proficient in written and spoken English Request you to let us know your interest along with the following details: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Looking forward for your response. Regards, Subhashree Talent Aquisition Team - Trianz Bangalore, www.trianz.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trianz "Trianz is a dynamic growth oriented firm that focuses on turnkey execution of strategic initiatives, combining a unique execution philosophy with business model, process transformation and technology implementation capabilities. Our practices are centered on industry process and technology led areas across Insurance, Retail, Banking, High-Tech, Manufacturing and Life Sciences industries. At Trianz we strongly believe in "excellence in execution" and the achievement of targeted results as consequential to Trianz success. Our teams of highly competent professionals relentlessly strive to deliver accelerated business value to our clients." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details