TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Responsibilities: Test engineers are responsible for automation of test scenarios developed by other members of QA team, tests are written in corporate test management tool ALM. They work closely with functional QA team on failure analysis and bugs reporting plus on improving the regression suite. They report on automated tests executions results and maintain test results documentation. They maintain and enhance our home- grown automation framework to keep extending its capabilities. They work in globally distributed team. We use the following tools amongst others : Selenium Webdriver Hudson Maven Junit Git Requirements: BS or MS degree in Computer Science or similar relevant area 3- 6 years of IT related experience Java SE knowledge is a must. Experience with web automation tools. Desire to learn and grow technically. Very good communication is a must. Proven hands- on experience in black box and white box testing of Web applications Git knowledge is a plus. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details