TITLE: Web Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities Working with a team (designers, project managers, developers) to create/advance cutting-edge web and mobile applications. Responsible for converting graphic designs into functional UI Experience in leading teams, mentoring junior staff and ensuring quality work product Custom programming in web and mobile application development Plans, conducts, and coordinates web based application development activities. Should prove to be a valuable technical resource for other team members Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML/XHTML/HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce/E-Business applications. Integrates applications by designing database architecture and server scripting; studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines, and information servers. Designs, develops, documents, tests, and debugs web based applications that contain logical and mathematical solutions to business/mission problems. Applies the appropriate standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout the development life cycle. Candidate must have a strong understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Defines site objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality Required Skills Strong knowledge in PHP, MySQL and Relational Databases Experience in Cross-Browser and Cross-Platform Front-end web development including HTML, JavaScript and CSS and latest technologies Experience working with cloud based systems, integrating Web Services / External APIs. Mobile Application development in the iOS and Android platforms. Perl/Shell scripting a plus Strong experience with Spring, Hibernate, Struts, MVC Frameworks Knowledge of Functional Programming and Object Oriented Programming code design best practices. AngularJS and BackboneJS libraries and Ajax. Django Content Management System (CMS) or other python based CMS. Exposure to multi-tier development, process flows, use cases, UML Able to be self-motivated and work independently on projects. Experience in J2EE or another high-level programming language (e.g. J2EE, Java, PHP, C#, JSP, XML, HTTP, SOAP, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS, and SQL etc.). In-depth experience using IDE like Eclipse and RAD. Experience with Scrum, Agile methodologies and good documentation skills Strong experience in HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Python, JavaScript, Web Programming Skills, Web User Interface Design (UI), Security Principles, Object-Oriented design, XML, iOS, Android; Google and third party API's; Web Services (REST/SOAP); Multimedia Content Development; Version control systems, SSL Experience with UML modeling. Experience working in a fast-paced, continuous integration environment utilizing SVN and automated build server technologies (Maven/Jenkins/Hudson/Bamboo) is desired Familiarity with search engine optimization (a plus). Experience working with SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle Databases Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/ B.Tech (Engineering) (Computer Science ) Company Profile: Kollasoft India Pvt. Ltd Kollasoft India Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details