TITLE: Sr. JAVA Developer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION Job Purpose To ensure the development of in-house IT projects are delivered effectively, efficiently, on-time, in-specification and in a cost effective manner. This Development Lead should be very familiar with the online/mobile banking concept, be able to coach the team how product works, and share the experience and best practise. This Development Team Lead role will play a hands-on role to develop quality applications within the desired timeframes. This role will also provide technical and team leadership through coaching and mentorship. Key Accountabilities Guide team development efforts towards successful project delivery and provide technical leadership to teammates through coaching and mentorship. Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget Identify and encourage areas for growth and improvement within the team. Job Duties & responsibilities Attend BRD/FSD clarification, provide the product capabilities and advise the best practice. Assess opportunities for application and process improvement and prepare documentation of rationale to share with team members and other affected parties. Collaborate with other developers, business analysts, testing leads, to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain web-based and desktop-based business applications. Ensure defects are fixed during testing period. Conduct performance assessment and make sure the applicaiton is running healthily and efficiently. Ensure the solution is going live smoothly. Required Experience Min 4 years of Development Lead Multi-country/Regional(Asia) experience is a strong advantage Min 8 years of Java/J2EE experience Min 4 years of Architecture, design experience Mobile experience will be a good advantage as add on. Significant experience in design, build and delivery software solution. Retail Banking experience on desktop and mobile is a strong advantage. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: New Era India Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. Foreign Bank Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details