TITLE: IGM Manager R&D IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure effective and consistent implementation and operation of IGM processes, methods, policies and tools in Function supporting all IGM objectives and QA Computer Systems Validation for Novartis RDI projects and systems operation Deliver Quality management services to the R&D IT division and its Customers to ensure that information assets are adequately protected Proactively work with respective IT Leadership Team and Business stakeholders to implement standards and policies for Information Governance and Management in RDI Applies the specifications of the corporate and organizational Quality Systems and Quality standards to ensure that the quality of processes and deliverables of both, projects and services continuously meet their specified corporate and regulatory requirements. Manages compliance of the system during its lifecycle, with regards to Regulatory and Novartis Internal Standards. This includes management of all system- related changes (approved documents, system changes from functional acceptance testing onwards) . This is performed through document reviews & coordination of various activities including testing, performing Project Tollgates etc. Provides compliance & risk management guidance for IT projects, including the evaluation and recommendation of technical controls Drive continuous improvement of the quality system to meet and sustain compliance with internal and external regulatory requirements, including creation of SOPs as applicable Ensure implementation and monitoring of information security, IT compliance, records management and information risk management program in the RDI, to ensure the integrity, confidentiality and availability of information owned, controlled or processed by the organization Conduct Quality Reviews to evaluate if processes and deliverables fulfil the requirements for quality, to uncover errors or deficiencies in processes and deliverables, and to identify strengths and opportunities for improvement. Follow up resolution of identified quality exposures and escalation to line management if critical situations are not resolved in due course. Drive shifting of emphasis from "final inspections" to "in- process reviews and controls". Contribute to business decisions in the definition and assessment of IT requirements. Support the development and delivery of training in quality matters. Interface with business and IT partners to ensure Novartis practices are aligned with regulatory expectations and industry best practices. Supports Audits, Inspections and Assessments performed by internal and external agencies. Evaluates the risks arising from control deficiencies, gaps and facilitates risk mitigation planning Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Higher education, such as a degree in Information Technology and/ or relevant business education Master Degree Fluency (oral and written) in English, other languages an asset As the role reports into a global IT organization, willingness for required traveling is important. Relavant Experience in Application Architect Company Profile: Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details