TITLE: Programmer Analyst 2- IT

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work with Oracle*s world class technology to develop, implement, and support Oracle*s global infrastructure. As a member of the IT organization, assist with the design, development, modifications, debugging, and evaluation of programs for use in internal systems within a specific function area. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. BS or equivalent experience in programming on enterprise or department servers or systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required - Bachelors degree in Computer Science or the equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. - 5 years or more experience in Java, J2EE, Oracle Back- end PL/ SQL Development - Person with experience with Oracle Identity Management (OIM) is very desirable - Secondary skills in Unix Shell & Perl Scripting. - Work in Night shifts (during US hours) - Candidate should be good in analytical, research and problem solving skills as well as excellent oral and written communication skills. - Candidate should be self- starter who can demonstrate the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. - Candidate who is able to work both independently and as part of a global virtual team. Typical Responsibilities: - Successful candidate would be implementing/ support OIM deployment at Oracle. - Interact with a global IDM team. - Candidate would be involved with projects in new implementations and enhancements. - Handle weekend patching and after hours support as needed. - Provide support for customer issues to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction. - This individual will be expected to support and provide input to process improvement initiatives (both within the department and across departments) , working with all appropriate Oracle organizations, such as IT Development, IT Operations, Product Development, etc. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details