TITLE: Informatica Developer with Practice & Casualty Domain for Trianz - HYD

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Trianz Holdings We have an immediate opening for Informatica developer with property & casualty domain experience. Kindly find the Job Description below for reference: Experience 5-9 years Location: Hyderabad Job Description: JOB DESCRIPTION A minimum of 5 years of progressively responsible experience in business operations, data analysis and operational data; knowledge of insurance industry. (experience into P & C Insurance on the personal lines underwriting processes) experience in SQL (Teradata) Should have exposure any data quality tool preferably with Data Flux. Strong technical competencies in SQL, database architecture/development and data marts Significant technical competencies in the use of business reporting and database management tools required. Exceptional analytical and problem solving abilities. Ability to work independently and multi-task with a strong attention to detail. Ability to prepare and present appropriate management reports. Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external business partners. Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, MS Project). Kindly go through our company profile, If Interested share me your updated profile and please feel free to discuss more regarding this opportunity. If you are not looking for a change at this point of time it would be really great if you could refer anyone whom you know may be interested for an opportunity like this. Thank You, Raj Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Trianz "Trianz is a dynamic growth oriented firm that focuses on turnkey execution of strategic initiatives, combining a unique execution philosophy with business model, process transformation and technology implementation capabilities. Our practices are centered on industry process and technology led areas across Insurance, Retail, Banking, High-Tech, Manufacturing and Life Sciences industries. At Trianz we strongly believe in "excellence in execution" and the achievement of targeted results as consequential to Trianz success. Our teams of highly competent professionals relentlessly strive to deliver accelerated business value to our clients." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details