TITLE: Hiring for Weblogic Administrator for one of our Client

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TechMinfy..! We are immediately hiring for Weblogic Admin with 5yrs 9yrs of Experience for Hyderabad location. Job Description : The engineer has to deal with different middleware products like Weblogic, Apache, Sunone, Jboss, Tomcat and IIS for the Build, Maintenance and Support activities. The engineer also expects to identify chronic problems, conduct root cause analysis, recommend & implement solutions and responsible for resolution of middleware systems performance and production incidents, which may require 24/7 coverage. Ensure that systemic issues have appropriate resolution paths, and that documentation is created and kept up-to-date. Conceptualize and work with other departments to automate tasks improving efficiency and accuracy If you're looking for job change and interested for this opening Please do revert with your updated resume & the following details to fix the interview appointment. 1.Total Experience 2.Relevant experience 3.Notice period 4.Current CTC 5.Expected CTC 6.Reason for Job change 7.Any offer in hand (yes/No) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MINFY TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED, Minfy Technologies is IT consulting & software Development Company specializing in Cloud enablement, Mobile Consulting, App Development. An award winning company with accreditation from PC World for Technology adoption. Minfy is an AWS Consulting Partner founded in 1999, providing software services to fortune 500 clients with start of art software development centre head quartered in Hyderabad. Minfy technology competency includes Microsoft, Sun, Oracle and emerging technologies like Big data etc., Minfy has a dedicated team of 150+ Employees working on domains like Banking, Insurance, Retail, Education, Airlines etc., Listed in Bombay Stock Exchange, ISO Certified process. For more information about us: http://techminfy.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details