TITLE: Senior Manager, Software Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage a team that designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a manager of the software engineering division, you will apply your knowledge of software architecture to manage software development tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications, operating systems and databases according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture and suggest improvements to the architecture. Manages and controls activities in multi- functional areas of ions. Ensures appropriate operational planning is effectively executed to meet Corporate specifications. Demonstrated leadership and people management skills. Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overview: Oracle HGBU products are industry leaders in Hospitality segment F&B and Hotels. Oracle HGBU is developing scalable and modular solutions that encompass front office, back office, CRM, sales and catering, revenue management, reservations, distribution, point- of- sale, and a multitude of other hospitality industry functions. Responsibilities: Executes the full SDLC from business requirement to product delivery Responsible for a team of software engineers and functional architects Hands- on in terms of design, coding, reviews etc Ensure quality deliverables meeting schedule, scope, cost and other constraints Acts as a mentor to the team Manage product deliveries at the same time Interact, liaise, and communicate status updates through development cycles Qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience relevant to functional area Demonstrated leadership and people management skills Strong communication and Analytical skills Thorough understanding of product development 10 years of professional software development experience on J2EE stack including 4 years in management roles Experience building/ maintaining a high volume transaction systems Experience with onsite development groups is preferred Experience managing with the following technologies is a plus, Oracle ADF, Webservices, Javascript, AngularJS, Web Logic Suite, OBIEE , Oracle Data Integrator, Oracle Identity and Access Management Suite, Oracle SOA Suite, Oracle Web Center Preferred Skills: Experience in Oracle ADF and Fusion Middleware Experience in developing Hotel / Property Management Systems Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details