TITLE: Project Trainee

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this IBM has been present in India since 1992. IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services, healthcare, government, automotive, telecommunications and education, among others. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. IBM Global Process Services (GPS) partners with some of the world's largest and most reputable companies to create business process solutions that contribute to top-line growth and operational efficiency. Drawing on our advanced analytic capabilities, human talent, technology and our general aptitude for successfully remodelling business processes, GPS implements a methodology that allows us to commit contractually to measurable outcomes for our clients. Job Role and Responsibility Â Fin & Admin Business Analyst, Individual will be working for GRNI Project where he/ she will be responsible for clearing the un-utilized purchase receipt from system. Person will also be responsible for indexing or processing of invoices in ERP, handling queries through emails/calls from vendors, Query Handling etc. Â Role: Â Â You will be involved in cleansing of un-utilized receipts. Â Â Invoice receipt, verification and processing of invoice received while following on un-cleared receipts Â Â Identify and resolve exceptions.Â Â Â Vendor statement reconciliation. Â Â Query handling through calls and E mail follow ups Responsibilities: Â Â You will be responsible for clearing the un-utilized receipts Â Â Responsible for the accurate processing of accounting transactions and all related tasks to achieve the agreed business goals. Â Â Ensure the delivery of a high quality, customer-focused service to external clients. Â Â You will be required to focus on business controls and process improvements associated with their desk assignments. Â Â Responsible to understand the GL accounts for which they are assigned including the ability to control the activity, research variances, and resolve issues as they arise. Skills: Â Â Preferable- Exposure to Accounts Payable/ Knowledge in invoice processing / Invoice Reconciliation AP Query resolution Â Â Â Proven analytical skills in getting solution Â Â Accuracy oriented Â Â Proven communication skills Â Â Critical thinking Â Â Information ordering Â Â Ability to meet deadlines Â Experience:0-1 Yrs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IBM India Pvt. Limited IBM has been present in India since 1992. IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services, healthcare, government, automotive, telecommunications and education, among others. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. IBM has been expanding its footprint in India - and has a presence in over 200 cities and towns across the country - either directly or through its strong business partner network. IBM India has clearly established itself as one of the leaders in the Indian Information Technology (IT) Industry - and continues to transform itself to align with global markets and geographies to grow this leadership position. Widely recognised as an employer of choice, IBM holds numerous awards for its industry-leading employment practices and policies. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. To know more about business units at IBM India, click on the "About Us" link above. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details