TITLE: Digital Marketing Head - IT Software & Services Industry at Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience required for the Job : 3+ years Job Location : Hyderabad Social Media Marketing (SMM) Has a strong understanding of social networking and social media marketing. Coordinate and implement social media marketing communication projects with responsibilities that include social media advertising and creating brand awarenessÂ online. Is familiar with blogging, social media efficiency tools (such as tweet later), and is active on at least one social media profile site. Manage social media properties (Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, etc.), including daily monitoring, posting, and content development. Coordinate and implement social media marketing communication projects with responsibilities that include social media advertising and creating brand awareness online. Generate Sales thru Social Media Platforms Is extremely social & creative. Strong writing skills Initiate conversation through blogs/forums, twitter and other postings. Experience with creating YouTube channels and uploading videos Create and manage extensive email marketing campaigns Create, implement and manage viral marketing strategies Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Keyword Analysis & recommendations Sound knowledge in Off Page & On Page Search Engine Optimization Strategies Hands on working knowledge in Directory submissions, Article submissions, Social Bookmarking, Forum posting, Blogging & Link building. Should have advanced knowledge in optimizing Flash, Ajax etc. Competitor Analysis Revision of descriptions, tags and content to suit user activity Explore new online resources for generating back links. Pay Per Click Management (PPC) Responsible for managing PPC Campaigns. Setting up, managing & tracking campaigns effectively in terms of budget, conversions, keywords research and tagging, A/B testing,biding efforts on Google Adwords & Bing. Manage and track campaigns. General Responsibilities Will be responsible for coordinating various online marketing initiatives running across various platforms. Excellent Analytical skills Expert in web 2.0 technique Track visitors trends and take action ( website revisions, usability etc. ) accordingly. Â Identifying market gaps and taking appropriate action to tap them Analyzing and keeping a track of competitor activities Assisting in the plan and implementing the launch of new campaigns. Interacting and coordinating with the designers to make websites, marketing material etc. Desired Candidate Profile: Excellent written and verbal communication skills Knowledge of search engine optimization Curiosity, ambition, creativity and willingness to work in a fast-pace environment Strong computer skills: MS Office, Word, Excel , Power Point Excellent analytical skills Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Techsist Solution Pvt Ltd Client of Techsist at Hyderabad - An end-to-end digital marketing and media services company, Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details