TITLE: Technical Analyst 4- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Principal Support Engineer, you will offer strategic technical support to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction. A primary focus is to create/ utilize automated technology and instrumentation to diagnose, document, and resolve/ avoid customer issues. You are expected to be an expert member of the technical problem solving/ problem avoidance team, routinely sought after to address extremely complex, critical customer issues. Services may be frequently provided by on- site customer visits. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. 7 years experience with Core products or eight years experience with Applications products, BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Managed Services has been at the helm in Development and Support projects since its inception in 2003. It has pioneered the suppleness of 24X7 production support and solution development processes and has stood as a testimony for others to follow the trail of success. This department manages several Ebiz and Siebel applications and technologies across Supply Chain, Finance, iProcurement, Advanced Supply Chain Planning, Oracle Incentive Compensation, Fusion Middleware, Oracle Identify Management, Oracle Applications Framework, ADF, IPM, ORMB and Siebel applications including Call Center Apps, Siebel Marketing, Sales, Service, Configuration Scripting, EAI, EIM, CTI. Finance Functional with Projects with atleast 10 years of experience Primary Skills - R12 Ebiz R12 - Oracle Finance Functional - R12 (12.2.3) Mandatory Experience in the following modules Fixed Assets Cash Management General Ledger Accounts Payables Accounts Receivables Subledger Accounting EB Tax Should have experience in Support / Implementation Ready to work in shifts including night shift. Good communication skills Secondary Skill SQL, PL/ SQL Job Description 1) Functional System Support, Configuration, functional design for custom solution and integration. 2) Experience with all aspects of the system support, testing and Pre & Post implementation activities. Should have good leadership skills to lead team of developers and also good customer facing skills. Should have exposure to management reporting like weekly, Monthly and quarterly. Good communication skills and willing to work in shifts. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details