TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements: Good knowledge on HTML4/ HTML5, CSS2/ CSS3 and Object Oriented JavaScript, AJAX Experience in Responsive web design development Deep technical expertise in HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, Object Oriented JavaScript concepts, JSON, Angular JS, RESTful APIs. Good analytical and problem solving skills Good communication skills Tools knowledge Eclipse or any other editor, Clear case & Web log Experience in preparing technical specification documents . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript Ajax JSON UI Development Eclipse Web Designing Web Technologies Design Development Problem Solving HTML4 CSS2 Object Oriented JavaScript web design development Angular JS RESTful APIs Desired Candidate Profile Preferred Education - B.E/B.Tech/ M.E/M.Tech/MCAArea of Expertise - HTML/JavaScript/ JSON, Angular JS, RESTful APIs.Experience - 3.5 to 8 years. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: ALTEN CALSOFT LABS (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED Calsoft Labs provides specialized concept to market Product Engineering and embedded design and engineering services both established and early stage product and technology companies in select market segments 2013 ISVs, New Media Companies, Networking and Datacom OEMs, computer hardware manufacturers, semiconductor companies and consumer electronics companies. Calsoft Labs helps accelerate the development of software products and reduce time to market through its proven processes, methodologies, and tools. Our full lifecycle services include product development, testing and QA, sustenance, embedded engineering services, and embedded systems design. Experienced engineers with deep expertise in leading edge technologies help improve the quality and reliability of the products we own for our customers. We have helped several Fortune 500 and early stage companies ship some of the most widely used software products in the world, on time and within budget. We do Product Engineering only, not Product Engineering also. Corporate Overview Calsoft Labs is a wholly owned subsidiary of ALTEN. Set up in 1988, ALTEN is a European leader in Technology Consulting and Engineering (TCE) and has about 12,600 employees in 12 countries worldwide.ALTEN's market covers the full range of consulting services, technical assistance, performance of fixed price projects and outsourced platforms in the field of Technology Consulting and Engineering (TCE) as well as Information Systems and Networks. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details