TITLE: Senio QA with a Product Based Startup, Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Title: Senior QA Engineer Reports to: Director of Engineering Roles and Responsibilities Design, Develop, Execute and Automate test cases to ensure the quality of the product Review product requirements. Work with PM/development team to get a clear understanding of requirements. Define test strategy, plan and document it. Get it reviewed by all stakeholders. Define framework/tools to be used for test automation. Develop test cases for assigned modules and review it with team members. Review test cases developed by junior team members. Identify test cases for basic acceptance test; smoke tests and regression coverage for any code change during sprint. Executes test plans, logs defects to an agreed upon severity rating and makes recommendations to address defects to product team Work with team to automate significant percentage of test cases and integrate it with build system for continuous integration. Responsible for testing Non Functional requirements like performance, adaptability, interoperability. Prepare and submit test report. Ensure product quality through continuous testing and refinement of the code base Make sure there is continued effort to improve test coverage, process to achieve higher quality. Work closely with Product Development, Product Management and the Customer Support teams to insure product quality and customer satisfaction Minimum Qualifications: BE/B Tech in Computer Science or Equivalent Demonstrated expertise on at-least one automation framework such as Selenium Knowledge of Jira or any bug tracking tool Must possess good analytical and problem solving skills Expertise in scripting and programming languages (Python, Java, Shell) Proficient in Linux Good communication skills Experience working with geographically distributed development and quality engineering teams Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 14,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Automation QA Engineer Python Shell Linux Selenium Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd A US based Startup- Telecom domain or Mobile Domain It is a mobile technology company offering a global mobile data service. By means of its app and a GigSky SIM card, or an Apple SIM, it enables users to connect to a local data network while overseas. It also offers services for SMB and enterprise customers, and provides mobile data for airline EFB solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details