TITLE: Payroll Admin

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage daily operation and complete the task as per require TAT. Create Employee login for Flexi configuration. Coordinate with Retirement Fund manager for nomination forms for retiral benefits. Administration of overpayments Maintenance of hard copy filing as applicable Reconciliation of quarterly and yearly tax deductions for return filling. Prepare and maintain related payroll records and reports. Data analyses and calculations for accruals (transferees outstanding invoices, compensation or benefits data) . Provide reporting on matching of accruals with actual/ reconciliations. Administer and track the employee reimbursements related to medical, fuel, LTA. Administer the distribution of Food Coupons configured in Flexi Salary Major Accountabilities of T&A Admin Manage the interface scenarios inbound/ outbound with time management systems and error resolution if required. Administrate leave, absences and overtime processing and monitoring of the self- service scenarios for these processes. Handling the subsequent processing activities as locally defined. Quota generation including carry over days and reporting provision for managers to follow up on outstanding leave entitlements. Requesting leaves and triggering absence data administration Data monitoring and administration, incl. interaction with authorities or insurances, consultancy on unpaid leave impact, checking with policies and rules Control return after sickness, monitoring sickness confirmation. Prepare and maintain standard and ad hoc reports, queries, and conduct appropriate audits to ensure data integrity. Employee Query Resolution Is first point of contact for time and attendance and payroll. Is responsible for the rapid and efficient resolution of standard / routine requests Escalates requests which cannot be resolved directly to the appropriate experts (HR & IT) Follows- up on cases, keeps the customer informed and feeds back resolution Stays up- to date with changes in client organizations Maintains reference documentations (e.g. Manuals, Training, Websites) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Pay Roll/Compensation Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Master Degree English Relavant Experience in Slotted HR General Band Company Profile: Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details