TITLE: Excellent Opening- Software Engineerii with Topmost MNC in Hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the client:: Specialties Business Software, Design Tools, Developer Tools, Entertainment Products, Hardware, Home & Educational Software, Tablets, Search, Advertising, Servers, Windows Operating System, Windows Applications & Platforms, Smartphones, Cloud Computing We use a wide range of technologies in our team that will give you an opportunity to learn new stuff from industry experts and go deep or broad. We truly embrace agile methodologies and open source software, including ones built in Java. We are looking for highly motivated individuals who want to be part of shaping the next generation cloud based development services which can make the jobs of engineers like you more productive. No other role offers the opportunity to solve your own day-day problems. We expect passion for design, coding, debugging coupled with engineering rigor and efficiency in building features of high quality. Opening::Software engineer-2 Job Location:: Hyderabad Interview::Bangalore-12th March Required Qualifications/responsibilities include Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field. Previous experience with web services, storage, cloud computing, and system-level programming, as well as leadership skills and experience is a plus. Significant experience in systems side of software development including one or more of the following: highly scalable infrastructure, distributed systems, networking, database engines. Thorough understanding of computer architecture, memory models, and algorithms design. Proven ability to create componentized, well-architected software at a component level. Demonstrated ability to guide a feature through multiple release cycles and influence the team beyond ones feature area. 8-12 years of designing, implementing, and launching commercial software products or web services, through multiple release cycles. Great problem solving and design skills, with demonstrated passion for quality, performance and engineering excellence. Great debugging skills with ability to demonstrate those when diagnosing and solving hard bugs. Be part of the live site culture and drive data driven improvements to both product quality and engineering efficiency Excellent knowledge of Java/C++/C#/REST Services/JavaScript C+E Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Management solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking & Financial Services, Hospitality & Healthcare sectors in India. We are a 650+ strong group company with our delivery center based out of Bangalore, servicing clients PAN India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India. CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of University Programs & Campus Recruitment, Lateral Hiring, Executive Search, Process Management Services, Assessment Services, Compensation Advisory, Talent Branding, Outplacement & Temporary Staffing. For sales enquiry, sales@careernet.co.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details