TITLE: Performance Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mandatory Skills: Extensive Experience on Java Programming, Selenium Web driver using Java, REST API, Shell / Perl/ Phyton Scripting Must have experience with JVM tuning and profiling. Thorough understanding and knowledge of Networking Protocols, Web Technologies/ protocols (CSS, JSON, AJAX, SOAP, JavaScript, HTTP, SSL) , Databases (SQL (Oracle/ SQL Server) ) and server side testing Must have performance test experience with client- server, services, N- tier web architecture, CRM Cloud apps viz., Salesforce, SAP, Service Now and Cloud Databases Must have prior experience of developing performance test framework in house and have hands on experience on JMeter / LoadRunner performance test tools Must be able to multi- task and be a self- starter Experience in reviewing product specifications and developing Performance test suites based on product requirements. Mandatory experience in Unix/ Linux. Thoroughly understand the new product features being implemented and devise test strategy for the product areas involved. Develop Performance test designs, Emulators, test cases and test scripts for project in line with pre- defined structures and techniques. Define performance test scope, create performance test plans, test scripts, Review with all stake holders Design, develop and maintain performance test scripts and test suite and test data Gather metrics during performance test execution and prepare test results Analyze test reports, run time logs and dumps (Java heap and/ or thread dumps, GC logs etc.) and provide recommendation of performance bottleneck identified during the test execution, Understand and improve hardware architecture used by product Experience troubleshooting performance issues Execute planned test cases and ensure detailed logging of progress. Desired Skills: Prior experience within a Software Development Company with exposure to multiple cycles and releases Experience in evaluating multiple products/ solutions for effective test (process) management Must have experience with Jenkins or any CI server and experience in setting up performance automation infrastructure. Experience in building test environment from ground up including setup of test engines/ servers in variety of environments. Perform benchmark testing determining impacts of new features on system Represent Test function in multi- discipline agile/ SCRUM teams and closely work with development leads, managers and product owners. Experience in Manual, Performance, Automation Testing with Open source tools experience. Participate in a team environment, supporting other members, sharing knowledge and contribute to a positive outcome to the team\'s performance Work closely with all the stake holders in collaboration Excellent technical testing abilities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CipherCloud CipherCloud Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details