TITLE: Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Job Description: Tririga SMEs will be Assisting in developing the Technical Solution, Project Plan, and Resource Estimates. The candidate will be involved in: 1. Support project team as a delivery lead. 2. Provide part time on demand assistance to resolve critical open issues that arise throughout the delivery life cycle. 3. Advise the delivery team, as well as the customer, regarding key decisions related to unique Industry specific systems and operations. 4. Assist with project plan development and project kick- off activities 5. Provide SME product support and help troubleshoot project issues 6. Develop system configurations on leading edge IWMS systems. 7. Provide SME configuration support on leading edge IWMS systems Business Development 1. Participate in business development opportunities. 2. Participate in companys marketing campaigns and events. Sales Pursuit 1. Aid in sales as a Tririga Subject Matter Expertise (SME) to assist in developing the proposed technical solution, project plan, and resource estimates. 2. Assist in developing the overall value proposition for the proposed deal. 3. Participate in preparation of proposal presentations; and present and explain the proposed solution to the customer. Desired Candidate Experience: 1. TRIRIGA application implementation consulting, at least 2 years experience2. Transformation in the full Life cycle of Asset Management and across all asset classes. At least 2 years experience 3. Consulting on large implementations including design, leading process workshops, leading design sessions, documentation and implementation of solutions, at least 2 years experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details