TITLE: Global Pharma Company is Looking for Lead PAT at Hyderabad

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate Should have experience in Pharma - API. Qualification - B.Tech Chemical / M.Tech Chemical / PhD Experience - 1 To 7 years. Key Responsibilities Provide rapid process understanding related to API process development at various stages (e.g. reaction, crystallization, drying etc.) with the help of PAT framework. This includes the selection of suitable PAT sensor, data acquisition and mining, applying multivariate methods for qualitative/quantitative analysis of critical process parameters and quality attributes etc. Develop models (data-based/first-principle) using PAT for process simulation and control. Assists in technology transfer for scale-up, implementation of control strategies and product trials & validation using PAT. Technical Requirements: A strong inclination towards experimentation, spectroscopy and mathematical modeling is highly desirable. Good knowledge in chemical engineering unit operations (crystallization, filtration, drying etc.) and reaction engineering is essential. Working knowledge of any commonly used statistical software packages (e.g. Excel, Matlab, PLS toolbox, SIMCA, Unscrambler, Minitab etc.) Familiarity with analytical techniques particularly spectroscopy (ATR-FTIR/Near Infrared, Raman, UV-Vis) and particle measurement (FBRM, imaging and size analysis) is a bonus. Knowledge of chemometrics (such as PCA, PLS, PLS-DA etc.) and process automation is useful (not compulsory). Key Personal Attributes Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good at organizing own work, prioritization, time management and capable of managing multiple project assignments Must be able to work in a team environment with minimal direction Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Research Scientist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Should have experience in Pharma - API.Qualification - B.Tech Chemical / M.Tech Chemical / PhD Experience - 1 To 7 years.Should have experience in Process Analytical Technology in API.If you are looking for world class company please revert with your updated CV along with CTC, ECTC and Notice period to saritha@bvrpc.com Company Profile: BVR People Consulting Global Pharma Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details