TITLE: Release Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop, analyze and maintain tools that support and automate processes for hardware or software product release. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically four years of software engineering or related experience needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Division: Oracle E- Business Suite Product Group: E- Business Suite Quality Release Management (EBS QRM) Description: EBS QRM Release Engineering isresponsible for managing the construction and testing of new product releasesfor Oracle Applications EBS suite. The role of the group is to enforce productdelivery standards and processes whilst supporting Development and QA teams todeliver high quality products to the marketplace Job Details: Manage the delivery of product releases from inception to deployment Develop and enforce install and upgrade? processes and standards Execute install and upgrade tests, triaging issues of any complexity related to those tests Promote configuration management and release management best practices to product teams Debug and test install and upgrade defects of any complexity, across multiple products, providing feedback about the appropriate way to deliver a fix and handle customer escalations Provide training and best practices support on the use of internal tools and utilities Drive enhancements to the central tools team when necessary, and/ or design and develop automation to serve core responsibilities when appropriate Contribute to functional and technical designs with respect to install and upgrade Participate in design reviews with respect to install and upgrade Execute and triage install verification testing Influence the addition of new and/ or significantly reengineered processes across release projects using innovative approaches including automation. Contribute to the definition of the team processes and standards Contribute to the definition of the team goals and strategy Contribute to the definition of technical release architecture General Qualifications Possess B.S. or M.S. degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related field Possess excellent written and oral communication skills Possess an ability to interact and follow- up with multiple teams Possess and demonstrates basic project management skills Demonstrate strong analytical skills Deliver medium to complex projects on time and with a high degree of quality Team player with ability to multitask with minimal supervision and high reliability Strong drive to learn, with a "problem solving" attitude Possess typically 5- 8 years of previous software engineering or related experience required Technical Skills Demonstrate knowledge of software development lifecycle Demonstrate skills in SQL and Perl/ Unix shell/ awk scripting, web technologies Demonstrate understanding of basic RDBMS concepts and hands- on experience with Oracle or similar database products. Possess knowledge of configuration or change management principles and best practices and hands- on experience with change control software Possess prior experience in product release process and/ or operations or DBA activities Prior experience with software builds, install and upgrade testing is a strong plus Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details