TITLE: Technical Analyst 4- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Principal Support Engineer, you will offer strategic technical support to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction. A primary focus is to create/ utilize automated technology and instrumentation to diagnose, document, and resolve/ avoid customer issues. You are expected to be an expert member of the technical problem solving/ problem avoidance team, routinely sought after to address extremely complex, critical customer issues. Services may be frequently provided by on- site customer visits. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. 7 years experience with Core products or eight years experience with Applications products, BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required PeopleSoft Admin/ DBA - Should have 7 years of experience involving PeopleSoft Admin/ DBA activities. - Should have good knowledge of PeopleSoft architecture and various components of PeopleSoft tiers. - should have Knowledge of Tools and techniques used for PeopleSoft administration. - Should have experience working on Unix environments. - Should have experience Applying PeopleSoft patches/ bundles/ Maintenance Packs - Should have knowledge Installing PeopleSoft environments - Should have knowledge of Oracle Database Administration - Should know Analyzing and tuning PeopleSoft Performance Issues - Should be well versed with the PeopleSoft upgrade approach (both tools and application upgrades) - Should have completed at least one full cycle application upgrades - Should have worked as an technical upgrade specialist in the application upgrade projects - Should be able to plan for the number of database instances required for upgrade - Should be able to configure PeopleSoft Change Assistant and configure templates required for upgrade - Should be able to analyze the patches and apply them at appropriate steps during upgrades - Should have good troubleshooting skills and be able to troubleshoot issues with PeopleSoft upgrade - Should have sound knowledge on Oracle database migrations, backups and recovery - Should proactively identify issues during upgrades and be able to mitigate the issues - Experience working on any flavor of Unix/ Linux - Should have good analyzing and troubleshooting skills - Nice to have - Shell Scripting - Nice to have - Experience working in a hosting environments - Nice to have - Knowledge of Firewall / BigIP / LAN- WAN technologies - Nice to have - experience in Platform Migration - Reasonably have good communication skills - Should be ready to work in Shift Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details