TITLE: Qlikview Developer / Lead--with a CMMi Level 5 Company, Blore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qlikview- Developer / Senior Developer / Lead About Nous Nous Infosystems is a CMMI Level 5 and ISO 9001:2000 certified global information Technology Company with expertise in providing quality software solutions and IT-enabled support services to a wide range of industries. Nous was incorporated in 1996 with the mission of providing the highest quality software development services to clients around the world. Over the years, we have successfully broadened our service offerings to include consultancy services, software and hardware testing services, and a comprehensive range of IT enabled services. To know more about the company pls. visit our website www.nousinfosystems.com We are on lookout Qlikview professionals with following skills. POSITION: - Developer / Senior Developer/ Team Lead-Qlikview EXPERIENCE: - 4-8 years DESCRIPTION:- Atleast 2+ years of Qlikview design, architecture and development experience, including planning, analysis, design, implementation, code review and maintenance. Design and develop BI apps in QlikView or QlikSense. Data analysis and discovery in an Enterprise environment Hands-on professional with thorough knowledge of scripting, data source integration and advanced GUI development in QlikView Ability to write complicated yet efficient SQL queries and stored procedures Excellent technology skills related to product implementation. Problem solving oriented and can-do attitude. Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. If you feel, you match the criteria above then please send in your updated profile to raghur@nousinfo.com and also do share following details. Current Salary :- Expected Salary :- Minimum Notice Period :- Relevant experience in QV :- Thanks and Regards Raghu.R ManagerTalent Acquisition Nous Infosystems #1, Ist Main, Ist Block, Koramangala, Bangalore-34 CMMi Level 5 Company www.nousinfosystems.com Mob: 9880370901 (91) 80 41939400--Ext: 1233 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills QlikView Communication Skills qlik sense Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nous Info Systems Nous Info Systems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details