TITLE: job description

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION JOB SUMMARY (Brief about the existence of the position) Associate BO consultant s key functions in the BI team world be to strategically design and implement BO reports and dashboards. He/ She would also be responsible for the Administration of the BO landscapes. We currently have three business objects landscapes on ERP (mostly SAP) and SAP BWs. The job includes selecting, gathering requirements, designing, and rolling out BI solutions through BO to end users. The Associate consultant would also responsible for ensuring high levels of BI availability through support functions and in- depth testing. KEY DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES Member of SAP BI team in SAP Center of excellence (CoE) providing support to multiple business units of Responsible for administering SAP Business Objects XI 3.1/ 4.0 environment which includes: publishing reports, publishing universes, provide 2nd and 3rd level support on SAP Business Objects XI 3.1, user security, folder security, and administration of groups (windows/ LDAP/ SAP SSO) . Responsible for the creation of technical design specs for universes and reports, develop universes and reports, perform testing, develop user guides and perform end user training Has experience working in an enterprise- level, large- scale project environment. Has advanced problem solving skills and the ability to work collaboratively with other department to resolve complex architecture issues with innovative solutions Trouble shooting SAP BO incidents and service requests according to ITIL process. Good communicator and is also responsible for ensuring high levels of BOavailability through support JOB TITLE: Associate BO consultant DEPARTMENT: SAP- IT REPORTING TO: BI team lead (Role to which this role reports) REPORTEES: Nil (Roles reporting to this role) SPAN OF CONTROL: 7 member high performing team working to deliver a vision of self- service BI for a multi- business conglomerate CAREER OPPORTUNITIES/ GROWTH BO Consultant. (Possible transfer to Kuwait) . 1. Experience or able to explain and implement different concepts in BW 2. Ability to trouble shoot incidents and service requests for BW using ITIL process 3. Business process knowledge is highly desirable 4. Knowledge in SAP O is preferred. BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES We are trying to develop a high performing team which will be able to deliver BO and evangelize different tools of BO based on standard and stable data warehouses. 1. Communication 2. Self- Initiation (initiative is highly valued in our team) 3. Ownership 4. Troubleshooting BE / B.Tech Computer Science/ IT or Masters in Computer Application or Graduates in Science or Commerce with relevant experience in designing and developing reporting solutions utilizing a reporting tool such as Business Objects technologies and accessing Oracle databases. Has 1 4 years in SAP BO experience with some understanding of SAP BW and ECC. Strong Analytical skills for problem solving and for understanding Business Processes. Good experience in BO reporting including WEBI, dashboards and universes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kirby Building Systems India Ltd. Kirby Building Systems India Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details