TITLE: Android Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: PrimeSoft is seeking a technology enthusiast with experience in developing enterprise class applications. The selected candidate shall work as an individual contributor, collaborate with stakeholders (within and outside the team) , taking complete ownership of identified modules. Candidate should have excellent written and verbal communication skill and a positive attitude. Candidate should have reasonable analytical skills and logical reasoning. Candidate should have had exposure to working with clients, and client driven projects. Ideal Candidate should have: Minimum 3 years of experience in developing enterprise class applications using Android and Java Minimum 1 year of experience in developing enterprise class applications using any other technology Knowledge on working with local storage and integration with cloud based services. Extensive knowledge in Design Patterns and application of the same in various problem areas Extensive knowledge in consuming RestFul and SOAP based web service. Extensive knowledge in extending existing SDKs of Android and limitations of same. Extensive knowledge on Google Play Store guidelines, processes Knowledge on working on Bluetooth technologies using Android Willing to take on challenges and provide innovative solutions for complex problems Mandatory Skills: Minimum 3 years of experience in developing enterprise class applications using Android and Java Knowledge on working with local storage and integration with cloud based services. Extensive knowledge in Design Patterns and application of the same in various problem areas Extensive knowledge in consuming RESTful and SOAP based web service. Extensive knowledge in extending existing SDKs of Android and limitations of same. Extensive knowledge on Google Play Store guidelines, processes Willing to take on challenges and provide innovative solutions for complex problems. Optional: Minimum 1 year of experience in developing enterprise class applications using any other technology Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PrimeSoft Solutions, Inc We offer Product Development, Enterprise Applications, Mobile Applications and Quality Assurance services to clients from venture funded startups to publicly traded companies in Networking, Telecom, Healthcare and Banking. We develop close partnership with clients marketing, product management and R&D teams. The foundation for our client partnerships is based on our comprehensive understanding of their business, including markets, customers and technology. We closely align our operations (Processes, People and Systems) to client business environment enabling seamless execution. Our service delivery model ensures that the client has a strategic cost and differentiated product advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details