TITLE: Excellent Oppurtunity for Oracle DBA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi , Greetings of the Day!! Hope my mail finds you at your best!, I am Krishna Prasad from CareerNet. We take this opportunity to introduce CareerNet as a fast growing premier HR Consulting firm with core competence in recruitment services for various high-tech companies. We have a client base of more than 150 companies and have offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi to cater to these requirements. Presently we perceive there is an excellent job opportunity as per your expertise. o Skill: Oracle DBA o Experience : 4-8 years o Job Location : Hyderabad o Interview Location : Hyderabad & Bangalore o Interview Date : 12th March 2016 ( Saturday) o Job Description: Very strong experience on Oracle Database 9/10/11/12 Knowledge of Oracle security management. Ability to perform both Oracle and also operating system performance monitoring and the necessary adjustments. Knowledge of the operating system(s) Implements and maintains database contraints to ensure integrity of the database. Creating Database, taking Backups, Restore databases. Creating Backup maintenance plan and monitoring the jobs. Develop automated scripts and solutions for delivery of DB instance and schema creation. Overall maintenance of the databases in scope with proactive DB health checks and monitoring events/ problems/alarms Deliver weekly reports to Customer to be reviewed in weekly database management meeting and in monthly QMI. Installation, creation and configuration of Databases as required by Application team and assist Application team in testing the same thereby ensuring the DBs are meeting their designated requirements. Develop automation strategy for routine and standard build activities as applicable and write scripts for implementing the same. Reengineer the scripts and automated processes to deliver an automated PAAS offering on the cloud. Post installation initial performance tuning will be done by customizing settings and configuration where in parameters (like Memory, CPU, Indexes, and Statistics etc.) will be set. Maintenance of the database structures. Set up, document, and execute procedures for regular tuning and maintenance. Capacity management -forecast of database space additions needed will be done proactively and any additional capacity in terms of storage/disks/cluster ware. DB security management including implementation of password policy (along with privilege password management), controlling Administrator privileges, enforcing password and data encryption for both HPA and Non-HPA accounts. Complying and auditing to SOX standards. Recommend and Implement best-fit backup and recovery strategy. RDBMS Software Lifecycle Management. Interested candidates kindly revert with your updated CV and below details, Name: Mobile : Mail ID : Passport ( Mandatory) : Passport expiry date ( Mandatory) : Current Location: Current Employer: Overall Experience : Relevant Experience : CTC : Expected CTC: Highest Qualification: Official Notice Period: Available on 12th March, 2016( yes / No) : For any changes or Queries revert or you can reach me at Direct: +91-80-66560177 Feel free to refer your friends or colleagues. Salary:INR Best in industry + perks Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, M.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India.CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing, Talent Acquisition Strategy and Planning, Compensation Advisory, University Recruitment, Leadership Acquisition, Talent Branding, Role Design, Performance Management Systems, Outplacement and Exit Management. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details