TITLE: Call Center Executives

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Tregona Consulting, a cutting edge consulting organization, is looking for experienced a hard- working individual who is determined to succeed and has a great deal of self- discipline in order to be able to work for our internal call center located in Hyderabad. This individual will be working North America work hours (may vary slightly) in order to cold call on companies within a certain territory in North American region. The Sales Representative will provide lead generation and account management of a specific territory by performing the following tasks Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Work diligently to map new accounts in order to generate new business in targeted markets. Execute outbound calling campaigns in each territory, designed to drive qualified new business leads in order to get conference calls and face to face meetings for the Sales Manager. Perform research for each assigned client in preparation for outbound calls, necessary to prepare for further qualification and interaction. Uncover new sales opportunities by networking to increase contacts; prioritizing prospects and remaining cognizant of changing market conditions . Conduct sales presentations via the phone. Follow up on any messages left or emails sent in order to generate further customer interest, And qualify potential sales opportunities . Participate in regular sales team meetings to review sales performance against objectives and Targets. Assist Account Managers in the preparation of proposals, contracts and/ or other sales related Documentation Track and provide reporting for management detailing call activity, pipeline Updates and lead generation results. Education / Certifications: Bachelor's Degree minimum or comparable work experience is a must. Skills & Experience Requirements: Great English speaking skills acirceuroldquo (no to very limited accent preferred) . Should have experience working in a call center and making cold calls. Must be a self- starter who requires minimal supervision in order to work. Ability to lead and work as part of team . 3- 4 years of B2B sales and outbound telesales experience, preferably in the high- tech industry. 2- 3 years of experience selling professional information technology services. Demonstrated working knowledge of sales automation technologies and experience applying these technologies in the sales process . Proven sales achievement at or above quota . Outstanding and effective telephone skills . Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple projects and rapidly changing priorities . Strong written, verbal, and listening skills . Strong and creative problem- solving and analytical skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tregona IT Consulting Private Limited Tregona IT Consulting Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details