TITLE: Walk-in for Asst Manager/ Dept Manager : Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities : Online Classified / Online Advertisement Selling / Space Selling of the website . To develop new business opportunities by marketing Online advertisement property solutions. Developing constructive and cooperative working relationships with Clients and helping them understand various advertisement solutions . Having the ability to maximize profitable volume growth , market share and client preference in the assigned market . Build trust, value others, communicate effectively, drive execution, foster innovation, focus on the customer, collaborate with others, solve problems creatively and demonstrate high integrity. Interested Candidates may walk-in tomorrow , Saturday i.e. 19th March , between 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. to the details mentioned below - Venue : Info Edge India Ltd (99acres.com) 6-3-1192/1/1, Office No: 113 To 115, 1st Floor, White House, Kundan Bagh, Beside Life Style, Begumpet, Hyderabad-500016 To meet : Mr. B.V. Sanjeev (Branch Manager - Corporate Sales) Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 99 Acres.Com (Div. Of IEIL) Info Edge India Ltd. Info Edge is involved in three broad groups of online businesses: Its core business, recruitment, in which it has clear leadership position. An internal portfolio of businesses dealing with online platforms for real estate, education and matrimony. Businesses in which Info Edge is an investor and plays a supervisory and supporting role to the existing entrepreneurs who manage the day-to-day operations. Over the recent years, Info Edge has been able to garner greater shares of the classified market because of a general shift to more online activity and greater acceptability of its offerings in the online space. There has been a rapid acceleration in internet usage during this time in India; in fact, it took almost a decade to reach the first 100 million customers, while the second 100 million user base has been added in only three years. Internet penetration is witnessing exponential growth with mobile internet being the primary growth driver. One of India's first online platforms to cater to the real estate market, 99acres.com has a pan India listing of properties for sale, purchase and rent, spanning 25 plus cities. Catering primarily to real estate developers, builders and brokers, 99acres.com uses property listings, builders' and brokers' branding and visibility through microsites, home page links and banners to bring together and connect builders, brokers, dealers and interested buyers/sellers. The number of property listings on the site reached 8.4 million by Q1 2015-16, with paid listings accounting for over 2.6 million at the end of Q1 2015-16. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details