TITLE: Analytics lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Passion for sales, strong commercial acumen, enabling interpersonal skills; particularly good communication & presentation skills. Ability to carry out independent discussions with CXOs will be a plus. Most importantly, an honest individual with exemplary work ethics, an innovative thinker and with the potential to become the Sales Head of the company. This is a growth position for the company and hence should have a flair for entrepreneurship and startup culture. Should be a quick learner who can understand the salient features of the product, techno- commercial details & benefits to the customer. Will be responsible for the overall sales of the software product/ services to enterprise customers across globe with specific focus on India/ APAC/ North America markets. It will be additional advantage if you have performed Sales in Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and/ or ERP. Your proven connections from the past with business stakeholders will be an added asset to this position. Gramener offers an environment where you will get to work directly with some of the best of breed professionals of IT Industry who have built a successful company, held key positions in Fortune 50 companies and are well known in their respective fields. Responsibilities Manage sales of the organization to enterprise customers across India/ APAC/ North America Responsible for demand creation, generating leads and tracking them to closure Responsible for closure of sale Responsible for demonstrating the capabilities of the product/ services to customers Provide inputs to the technical team on the overall solution requirements of customers and responsible for collections Work along with the customer in case of any issues & getting the same resolved. Team building - hire sales managers, other resources as needed and create the sales organization. Perform cross functional tasks as required. Being a startup company, you will be required to wear multiple hats. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gramener Gramener Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details