TITLE: Manager Operations (voice Process Only) - MNC Bpo,hyd

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The role of the Manager is to create high performing teams, span of 60 - 120 team members that will deliver operational excellence to our Sellers. The role will be required to effectively manage large scale teams within a complex business to business environment. As a Manager of people mangers the role will provide behavioural coaching, guidance, and mentorship to supervisors; driving achievement of performance goals. Reporting to the site operations manager this role is responsible for efficient management and execution of daily operations and ensures that teams are primed to provide the perfect seller interaction. Seller Support Manager is a critical role in our front-line org structure, collaborating with support teams to deliver key responsibilities including hiring, training and ownership of employee engagement through effective communication, recognition and lead by example behaviours. Key responsibilities include: Manages performance and behavior of 3-4 front line supervisors through effective 1:1 meetings, coaching, and mentorship. Implements performance goals, monitors and evaluates against pre-set goals implementing action plans to resolve performance barriers as needed. Regularly review and analyse key metrics across the site to identify root causes and formulate solutions to improve performance Create plans to address significant changes and issues like volume changes, type of contact, unusual spike of seller contacts, etc. and accountable to drive implementation of proposed solutions through Team supervisors to deliver results. Oversee effective implementation of short term staffing plan and scheduling adherence in partnership with workflow. Responsible for site management in lean staffing periods (e.g. weekend coverage) and resource to overtime requirements. Coach and develop associates, tech advisors and supervisors on career paths for internal promotions and job enrichment opportunities. Ensure Team Supervisors have a clear understanding of the performance bar and criteria used to differentiate performance Conduct Seller interaction audits to keep in touch with Seller and Associate Experience. Actively participates and represent his team members in the annual performance review cycle. Ensures Team Supervisors and Associates are compensated consistent with overall performance reviews, and administers annual compensation planning consistent with guidelines. Nurture a culture within the team that consistently demonstrates alignment with leadership principles; visibly ties department decisions to leadership principles and tenets. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Graduate / PG in management and or business preferred. 10+ years of experience and currently working in an InternationalÂ MNC BPO as Manager Operations in a Voice Process. Previous experience of managing a large-scale operation with a minimum of 2 years managing frontline supervisors or 4 years managing individual contributors in a customer service environment, experience within a contact center preferred. Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively to a wide range of constituencies in a diverse environment. Ability to maintain composure in critical situations and communicate clearly with both internal and external stakeholders. Demonstrates high degree of ability to analyze data, using the data to drive decision making and Implement effective resolutions. Previous experience implementing change management successfully transitioning programs into large scale operations. Proven ability to make and implement decisions Proven ability to build relationships quickly Decision Making/ Complex Problem Solving- proactively gather the right data from appropriate sources, probe/consider all of the facts, considers other perspectives; conduct root cause analysis; refer to long term plans and goals; prioritize key factors; act decisively, promptly and confidently Fosters a positive team environment and collaboration within the site. Easily approachable, cooperative, and a team player, easily gains the trust and support of associates, supervisors and peers. Demonstrates effective, clear and professional written and oral communication. Strong prioritization, time management skills and ability to delegate effectively. Ability to embrace constant change with flexibility and good grace. Demonstrate appropriate sense of urgency and adaptability in response to changing business needs.Should be flexible to work in rotational shifts. Company Profile: Search Light Consultants The Company is a reputed MNC BPO with a presence across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details