TITLE: Sales Professionals for Multiple Locations

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Candidates are required for selling Siemens PLM OR Altair Products OR Mathworks Products or Stratasys Machines or SLM Machines. The candidates will be required to develop business in the allocated territory with responsibilities including lead generation, mapping large existing customers, sales forecast, negotiation and closure. Candidate should be number driven and result oriented individual. Responsibilities: Approach potential customers with the aim of winning new business. Candidate will also maintain and develop relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails. Candidate should be open to travel. Researching the market and related products; Presenting the product or service in a structured professional way. Gathering market and customer information. Understanding the customer requirements and presenting a customized product . Setting up the appointments and scheduling the meetings, Technical Discussions & Demos with the clients. Skill Requirement: Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for generating new business. Generating Sales Leads. Coordinating with the Tech support team & Managers for strategizing the deals & discussing the prospective leads. Initializing the sales and closing the deal with the guidance of Manager. Negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales. Conducting Follow-ups till the deal gets closed. Negotiating on price, costs, delivery and specifications with buyers and managers. Liaising with suppliers to check the progress of existing orders. Post sales activity: Billing & Collection, Coordination for Software Installation, training etc. Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets. Achieving the Quarterly Targets, Half-Yearly and Yearly targets. Salary:INR As per Industry norms Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate should be presentable having excellent communication skills.He should be a go-getter, capable of running around to develop new business & complete given targets.Willing to travel.Candidates are required for selling Siemens PLM, Altair Products, Mathworks Products or Stratasys Machines or SLM Machines. Company Profile: Design Tech Systems Ltd DesignTech Systems Ltd. is one of the leading CAD/CAM/CAE & PLM Solutions & Engineering Solutions Provider in India catering to a wide variety of industry segments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details