TITLE: Oracle Financials Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Enrich is an Atlanta based company specializing in Oracle suite of products. Enrich is an Oracle Platinum partner and has one of the largest pure play Oracle Practices in the US with trail-blazing track record of growth since its inception in 2003. Must have 3-6 Â years of hands-on experience on Oracle EBS Financials in implementation or Support type of projects Must have good functional knowledge and Hands-on experience on Oracle EBS financials (R11i & R12) modules such as AR/AP/GL/FA/CM Excellent analytical skills and understanding of business process, and ability to work in a highly customized Oracle Applications Environment Prior experience in managing activities such as Configurations & Migrations with due process adherence. A self-driven person with strong drive and motivation. Must be an innovative thinker and problem solver. Must have excellent communication skills (written and oral) both downstream and upstream with good client facing skills (communication, negotiation, presentation). Experience in CM Location- Chennai/Hyderabad/Bangalore Shift 2-11 PM to align with our US counterparts and client Interested candidates are requested to revert back with the resume and the following details:Â Current Company Payroll Company CTC : ECTC : Notice Period : Thanks & Regards, Smita Patra Procurement > Supply Chain > Finance smita.patra@enrich.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: enrich IT Services Private Ltd Enrich IT Services Private Ltdenrich is a Global IT services firm headquartered at Atlanta, GA with Indian offices at Hyderabad and Chennai. enrich IT through its focused approach and expertise in Oracle, turns technology into specific business solutions for clients. enrich IT manages the full software deployment lifecycle in Oracle EBS including Implementation and Upgrade Services, Application Management Services, Strategy Consulting, Hosting / Managed Services & On-demand Platform solution for Purchasing and Value Chain planning. enrich IT's goal is to enable and accelerate clients" business transformation by providing On-demand platform solutions and high quality consulting services, On time, On budget and On-target. enrich IT believes in accomplishing this mission by being a company that is employee centric, by making employees and consultants a priority and a driving force in the decision making processes. Inc Magazine recognized enrich IT as one of the fast 500 growing companies in US for 2008, ranking #67 overall in terms of revenue growth and Top 5 in IT services. Deloitte also recognized enrich IT for second consecutive year as one of the fast 500 growing technology companies in North America in 2008, ranked #13 with 5 year growth rate of 21,000%..Please visit us at www.enrich.com for a complete view about us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details