TITLE: Senior Engineer, Quality (rotor Blade Quality Inspection)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Roles & Responsibilities: Supporting plants and group support functions in working towards zero defects escaping to customers Via:Â Owning the Â acceptance criteria standard, acting as Acceptance Criteria Â expert, maintaining and improving the standard via coordinating feedback from different LM organizational stakeholders and assuring common application on a global level. In general leading global work on acceptance criteria (AC26). Lead /support improvement projects related to improvement in organizational quality.Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Keyskills rotor blade quality rotor blade inspection blade quality blade inspection blade quality assurance blade quality control blade qc blade qa Desired Candidate Profile Senior Engineer for Quality should have.Bachelors in Engineering discipline with Minimum 6 years of industrial manufacturing experience, preferably in rotor blade Industry as a quality control inspector or similar position.Must have strong interpersonal skills to work effectively in very dynamic environment without direct control.Strong self-starterMust have a record of working effectively in cross functional and cross cultural teams and be able to integrate quickly.Strong ability to supervise and effectively co-ordinate delocalized teams.Adaptable and flexible, copes positively with a fast moving environment and in an organization experiencing great change and rapid growth.Proven record of working in an industrial environment with important manual production processes.High level of problem solving. Ability to understand the customers needs (internal and external) and to respond accordingly.Technical foundation including wind rotor blade knowledge and blade inspection techniques.Six Sigma Green Belt certification preferred.Â Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Chemical, Mechanical, Production/Industrial Company Profile: LM Wind Power Technologies (India) Pvt Ltd LM Wind Power is the world's leading supplier of components and services to the wind turbine industry. With over three decades of experience, we have established ourselves as the preferred supplier of customers worldwide. LM Wind Power Group employs approximately 5000 people across four continents. We are headquartered in Kolding, Denmark and has a Global Business Office in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Our global manufacturing footprint includes wind turbine blade factories in China, USA, India, Canada, Denmark, Spain, Poland and Brazil. Besides manufacturing units, we have service centers at strategic locations all over the world to meet customers' needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details