TITLE: Embedded Software Developer with a Leading Product Development MNC.

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hands-on experience in Linux OS Porting and Debugging on Embedded Intel / Freescale processor boards. Understanding of Intel and FreeScale processor SOCs is a must. You are an expert in Linux Kernel Port, Kernel Configuration and Builds, Kernel Debugging tools, Device Drivers. You are expert in using HW Debugging tools like JTAG, Oscilloscope, PCI analyzers, I2C analyzers You are an expert and have through understanding of HW interfaces like (PCI/ PCI-e, SPI, I2C, GPIO, SPI Timers, Interrupts). Development and Debugging experience using Open Source Linux Kernel, Yocto Build tools like Bitbake and Poky. Contributions to Open Source Linux Community are a plus. Understanding and Working knowledge of DPDK, KVM, QEMU is a plus. Working knowledge and Usage of GIT is a must. Should be very good in scripting and C language. Good exposure and experience in using debugging tools under Linux Environment. Comfortable in working with new hardware and integrating software on it. Interested can candidate can send their updated Resume to sairam@jnettechnologies.com. Salary:INR Best in the Industry. Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required -Board bring up experience with Linux OS. Â -Linux Kernel Compilation.Â -Linux Drivers exposure and experience.-Candidate should possess good communication skills.Â Company Profile: JNET Technologies JNET Technologieshttp://www.jnettechnologies.comJNET Technologies is one of the fastest growing, world-class and reputed providers of Information Technology services and solutions. Its mission is to help global corporations create and sustain a competitive advantage. JNET offers its clients, partners and employees a wealth of diversified expertise and knowledge with long term planning to ensure a return on investment, sustainable and profitable long-term growth. JNET's solutions allow companies to improve corporate performance by enabling key elements in the managerial aspects of business. JNET has proven competence in verticals such as Manufacturing, Financials and Retail and Distribution. JNET has both the expertise and bandwidth to offer clients a wide array of development options and end-to-end solutions-on a global scale, extensively as well as intensively. JNET's regional operations include North America, Asia Pacific and Middle East. A strong framework of processes, tools and techniques, implemented through well-defined and robust framework of procedures form the basis of all delivery activities at JNET and it leads to value addition in quality and productivity of the client's organization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details