TITLE: QA Analyst 3- ProdDev

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for developing, applying and maintaining quality standards for company products with adherence to both internal and external standards. Develops and executes software test plans. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results. Analyzes test results and recommends corrective actions. As a member of the technical/ process QA division, you will develop quality standards, control methods and theories to be utilized during manufacturing, testing and inspection to access product quality. Develop standards and procedures to provide quality guidance methods. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The development group in the Primavera Global Business Unitis focused on developing enterprise level solutions for our customers in project intensive industries. Our applications provide project and portfolio management, contract management, resource management and risk management solutions used by customers worldwide. Our development practices include continuous build and integration, monthly reviews and a heavy emphasis ontesting early and often with unit tests and test automation. 1. Passion to solve problems with proven ability to deliver high quality software. 2. Adapt to new systems and requirements 3. Self- directed and capable of working effectively in a highly innovative and fast- paced environment where you are always working on the most important stuff. 4. Passionate about Quality Assurance and Quality control & always strive for new ways to maximize efficiency and effectiveness of QA processes. 5. Good understanding of software product development lifecycle. 6. Experience testing and certifying enterprise class software which integrates with LDAP directories, Content Management Systems, BPM, ERP, and other systems. 7. Proven ability to work with RDBMS 8. Installation and setups Testing (With different OSs/ DBs/ Servers) 9. Domain exposure to resource rich project industry functionalities 10.Compatibility and Configurations Testing (Different browsers/ JREs/ Plug- ins and APIs) 11.Product development/ enhancements QA role experience with automation test experience is preferable. 12.Mentoring, motivating and managing capabilities with process orientation. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details