TITLE: Calypso Developer_cmmi Level_bangalore/ Hyderabad.

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from Radford Global Ltd!!! We are a Public limited Company with Specialization into IT Staffing. We have a Huge Job Opening with one of our CMMi Level MNC client in Bangalore & Hyderabad location. We are hiring talented professionals like you. Currently we are having some Hot Requirement for Professionals Skill set on " Calypso Developer " 3 to 6 Years. Interviews and offers will happen immediately and we assure you an excellent role and Salary. Please send me your updated profile immediately with these details mentioned below Name: DOB: Education & Qualification: Date of Passing: Location: Current Company Total Exp: Relevant Exp Current Salary Expected Salary: Contact number: Email ID: Notice Period in your Current Organization: Reason for the change: Job Title: Calypso Developer. Experience: 3 to 5 years. Location: Bangalore/ Hyderabad Notice: 30 days. Job Description: We are seeking a Calypso Developer to work on our FX Calypso application. The candidate will be technically Strong and should have worked as an Individual Contributor on Java 1.6+, Linux/Unix/Solaris, Calypso and an RDBMS (one of Oracle, Sybase, SQLServer, MySQL etc.). The candidate must also possess Strong Communication skills. While exposure to Derivatives is a must, prior experience on FX will be a plus. Required Skills: Java 1.6 Spring Framework JDBC Unix/Linux/Solaris 3-4 years of Calypso development experience RDBMS (one of Oracle/Stbase/SQLServer, MySQL etc.) Strong Communication skills RDBMS Experience One of Oracle/Sybase/SQLServer/MySQL etc. Knowledge of Derivatives (FX/Credit/Equities etc.) Experience with App Server (Weblogic, JBoss, Websphere etc.) Feel free to contact. Regards, Tanaji More Direct : 91- 02265552011 tanaji@radfordglobal.co.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Radford Global Limited Radford Global Limited (Formerly known as P S Global Ltd) &ndash; Established 1994. We are BSE Listed company headquartered at Mumbai, India and complemented by teams working in branch offices at Ahmedabad, Pune and Bangalore, We are an existing profit making diversified Company engaged in the various business segments namely in HR Services, Real Estate and Textile.We specialize in Permanent Recruitment, Hire-Train-Deploy, Non IT and IT Staffing services, Payroll Solution and HR Outsourcing Services trusted by Fortune 500 and mid market enterprises. We have always been defined by our ability to craft customised staffing services and the reach of large enterprise with personal attention. Our multi layer quality check process ensures, we deliver best quality services as per SLA to our clients.As the demand for technical &amp; professional employees continues to grow in numerous industries, Radford Global continues to provide the professional services offering across India and Middle East.Radford Global provides significant value in terms of the business mandates that clients deal with and offer &ldquo;Just in time&rdquo; qualified resources for your multiple projects. Having highly qualified and diversified resources in various technology segments, we not only source, screen, hire and engage highly skilled resources on a short- term / long term basis, but also build the platform for them to be associated with us on an ongoing basis. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details