TITLE: Applications Developer 3

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analyze, design develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for commercial or end user applications. Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications. As a member of the software engineering division, you will perform high- level design based on provided external specifications. Specify, design and implement minor changes to existing software architecture. Build highly complex enhancements and resolve complex bugs. Build and execute unit tests and unit plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering as necessary to discuss minor changes to product functionality and to ensure quality and consistency across specific products. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Oracle Transportation Management (OTM) is a marquee offering from Oracle in the Fusion SCM product family and a long time Industry leading solution in the Transportation Management System (TMS) space. OTM offers Best- Of- Breed products (Transportation management, Operational planning & execution, Transportation Sourcing & Contract management, Global Trade Management and Transportation Intelligence) in the TMS space and built using cutting edge Oracle technologies (Oracle ADF, OracleFusion Middleware, Oracle Business Intelligence, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Exalogic and Oracle Cloud) . Here is a compelling opportunity to build a successful career in Oracle and be a part of the niche OTM global community. Preferred technical skills : ADF, J2EE, PL- SQL, BI, Linux, Cloud computing Preferred functional skills : Logistics, Supply Chain Management Niche skills : Operations research & optimization Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details