TITLE: Sr Database Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. rnAs a Sr Database Administrator - Oracle, you will be responsible for implementing database management systems and for ensuring the quality of database deliverables, such as database sizing plans, external data interface specifications, data loading plans, data maintenance plans and security policy implementations. Learn to plan computerized databases, including base definition, structure, documentation, long- range requirements, operational guidelines and protection. Ensure accuracy and completeness of data in master files and various support tools, such as database dictionaries. Establish and maintain security and integrity controls. Monitor policies, procedures and standards relating to database management. Propose and implement enhancements that will improve the performance and reliability of the system. Work on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercise judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. rnrn rnrn RESPONSIBILITIES rnrnrnt Document and communicate database design. Develop the data, database specifications, and table and element attributes for an application, including stored/ remote procedure calls.rnt Code moderately complex programs and derive logical processes on technical platforms. Assist in the design of user interface and business application prototypes. Provide expertise in devising, negotiating and defending the tables and fields provided in the database. Determine how tables relate to each other and how fields interact within the tables for a relational model.rnt Participate in quality assurance and develop test application code in client server environment.rnt Install database management systems. Monitor file system space database allocation. Verify efficient use of disk storage; reclaim dead space; optimize space allocation and avoid out of space conditions.rnt Refresh data from one environment to another at the request of the application development staff; execute necessary tasks to accomplish this, including export, drop, create, and import prescheduled time to minimize impact; provide application development staff optimal development environment with current data.rnt During times of emergencies, outages and project planned work; employees are expected to be on call and available until the event is addressed. During system conversions, extra effort may be required in order to ensure the roll out of the system is successful.rnrnrn rnrn REQUIREMENTS rnrnrnt Expert level skills in Oracle 11g RAC - Architecture/ Backup & Recovery/ Security rnt Expert level experience of application development, Performance tuning and Database administration, using Unix/ SQL*Plus/ PLSQL/ NMON/ STATSPACKrnt Comfort level in writing PL/ SQL, Procedure and triggersrnt Carrying out trend analysis and capacity planningrnt Knowledge of advance feature of Oracle 10g and 11g for performancernt Understanding of all advisor available in Oracle 10g and 11grnt Working experience on RAC and Standby database conceptsrnt Strong knowledge of RMAN/ Datapump and other migration tool/ utilities.rnt Provide daily support along with providing On- Call support for Oracle databasesrnt Provide standardization and consistency across environmentsrnt Strong self- sufficiency, self- motivated and initiative working on Database projectsrnt Knowledge of basic Unix/ Solaris/ AIX/ Linux operating system, Storage, TCP/ IP functionality, and networking a mustrnt Must have strong communication skills and ability to work individually, within a team, and with other groups at all technical levelsrnt Knowledge of ticketing systems and change management a plusrnrn rnrnIf you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. rn rn rnLearn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http: / / ca.com/ careers rn rn rn Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. rn rn rn Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details