TITLE: Junior Executive - Stores

SKILLS: Packaging

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- 1)Coordinate & Timely arrange to purchase of required materials with proper documentation. a)Responsible for raising the Purchase orders for local purchases as per the indents received. b)Responsible to purchase of materials with proper documentation. c)Responsible for raising GRN for the material received, mentioning the inspection remarks in GRN and dispatch GRN within 15 days from the date of receipt of the material. 2)Inventory Management a)Responsible for managing the stock, by timely replenishment, identifying the non-moving items. b)Responsible to follow the Minimum/ROL/Maximum levels. c)Ensure to packing material stock should not exceed the limit of 1 month stock. 3)Vendor Development & Management. a)Responsible to identifying the prospective vendors. b)Responsible for negotiations with the vendors to reduce the cost of the material. 4)Crates Management and Monthly reconciliation. a)Responsible for monitoring and controlling the crates movement. b)Responsible to complete monthly reconciliation and generate the reports. c)Responsible for identifying the deviations and submitting the feed back to plant manager 5)Effective Maintenance of Stores, Records/Registers and update data in ERP. a)Responsible to monitor, updating required data in ERP and generating the reports as per requirement. b)Responsible for maintenance of all required registers, formats and other documents and update on daily basis. c)Responsible to prepare the MIS reports as per the requirement. 6)Ensure to coordinate and timely process the Vendor/supplier payments. a)Responsible to complete all post purchase activities like bills receiving etc. b)Responsible to timely processing of payments to the Vendors/Suppliers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Packaging Role:Packaging Development Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details