TITLE: Business Development Executive (Security Systems)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Expertise in security systems background. namely CCTV, Access Control, Intrusion Alarm, Fire Detection, Physical control equipments, Healthcare & communication systems etc. Adapted at driving growth of companies revenue and improving sales performance and building customer relation. Experience in world leading brands such as Lenel, Tyco, Honeywell, GE Security, etc. would be an added advantage. Good Communication skills, hardworking, honest, adherence to company guidelines etc. are basic mandates. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Probiz Technologies Incorporated in 2009, ProBiz is a specialized service provider and security systems integrator. We consult, design, supply, install and maintain all kinds of security systems. Our specialization lies in providing personalized, user-friendly, innovative and integrated security solutions in the form of access control, CCTV, and intruder detection, Perimeter detection, Command and Control Center Solution and integrated monitoring systems. Our highly-efficient and experienced teams of employees are dedicated to support our customers through delivering on-time and on-budget solutions. Backed by our maintenance and service support team, we assure our customers that we would secure and protect your investment for a longer span of time. We supply a comprehensive range of products for the demanding Indian market, each of them designed and tested for local and International standards and various weather conditions. We constantly promote new products to meet our customers ever-growing demand and with the help of our business partner's extensive research and development, test facilities and experienced design team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details