TITLE: Technical Analyst 3- Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post- sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post- sales non- technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues. As a Sr. Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value- Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Have an understanding of all Oracle products in their competencies and in- depth knowledge of several products and/ or platforms. Also, you should be highly experienced in multiple platforms and be able to complete assigned duties with minimal direction from management. In this position, you will routinely act independently while researching and developing solutions to customer issues. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 4 years experience with Core products or five years experience with Applications products and have a technical degree i.e., BS Computer Science/ Management Information Systems/ Science/ Engineering/ Math/ Physics/ Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA OR (for Applications) proven professional/ technical experience, i.e., demonstrating an understanding of Applications at a functional and technical level (preferably Oracle) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required At Oracle Fusion, we deliver Technical solutions to leading companies worldwide so they can assess, acquire, and manage their workforce for improved business performance. To realize our vision of making our innovative and comprehensive solutions synonymous with talent leadership, we look to attract, hire, and retain the best talent in the industry. Fusion Application Technologies Support Team is expanding to support our rapidly increasing customer base. The team partners with development in supporting early adopters and new customers. It is a unique opportunity to be part of the future of Oracle Support and help shape the organization to benefit our customers, employees and the organization overall. If you are excited by the notion of being able to define a group from early stages on and shape our collective future then this is the place to be. The position is for the Fusion Applications Technologies team. Mandatory Skills Exceptional diagnostic and troubleshooting ability and skilled in using industry standard tools and techniques. Extensive experience monitoring, tuning and/ or changing complex applications to optimize the product to perform to customer expectations. Ability and attitude to assist junior members of the team in training on new products and technologies is highly desired Excellent communication skills. Able to produce audience appropriate communication with executives support personnel and customer personnel in tense escalated situations. Well- developed listening skills. Able to discern core issues in an environment where it may be difficult to determine what cause is and what is symptom. Good organizational skills. Be able to develop a coherent plan of action that meets everyones needs to resolve a given situation as quickly as possible. Self starter, works well unsupervised or with limited supervision. Desired Technical Skills I. Operating System (Intermediate) : For Unix: Basic Unix commands Usage of Putty Basic knowledge of Shell Script For Windows: Basic OS commands Create, Start and Stop services Creation and usage of O/ S variables (System, Environment) II. Database Related (Intermediate) : Conversant with Oracle Database. Good knowledge of SQL queries , PL/ SQL , SQL Tools. III. ERP Related (Intermediate) : Exposure in running Application and troubleshooting related issues. IV . Fusion Middleware Related (Intermediate) : Development framework: Experience supporting/ developing/ testing web applications implemented using frameworks that expose business services via a Model/ View/ Controller paradigm, such as Oracle ADF. Ability to walk through the Code and understand the flow WebLogic Server: Familiar with WLS architecture concepts. Desired experience with WebLogic Server Object Orientation and Java literacy: Deep understanding of Object Oriented design concepts (such as inheritance) and experience of supporting/ troubleshooting applications implemented in java (ability to analyze/ relate to java exception messages in log files, class loading issues, basic understanding of JVM operation) . Knowledge of J2EE and EJB preferred. Past Programming or white box testing experience in Java and other web technologies is preferred. XML: skilled in reading/ writing/ validating and processing reasonably complex XML documents. Familiarity with DTD's, Namespaces, XML Schemas, XPath and XSLT. Exposure to WLST Script. Knowledge of Oracle Page Compser and MDS (Metadata Services) in Fusion Middleware context will be an advantage Security : Basic understanding of LDAP Servers is a must. This can be any 3rd party ldap servers or Oracle products such as OID/ OVD. Knowledge of BI Publisher and OTBI Note: This role may need you to work on weekends and multiple shifts on rotation basis. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details