TITLE: SR DESIGN ENGR 2

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Xilinx is looking for a talented individual to join the Memory Interface Design group (MIG) , in the position of Staff Design Engineer to provide technical leadership towards the development of high speed memory controller designs (operating above 2.4 GHz data rate) . This person will possess a deep knowledge in system level challenges, logic design and strong experience architecting complex high speed IPs. The successful candidate will work as a contributing member and as a lead of a team responsible for the architecture and design of next generation memory interfaces for Xilinx customers. Responsibilities include leading technically a team of designers, resolving system level challenges, architecting, implementing, documenting and validating the memory controller IP cores. The area of focus would be on high speed memory interfaces like DDR4, LPDDR4, DDR3, QDR4, LPDDR3 and RLDRAM3. The candidate must have excellent inter- personal and communication skills and be able to work independently. Xilinx holds a strong position in the FPGA all programmable paradigm. This position offers candidates exposure to the latest generation IP, tools, boards, FPGA products and the ability to design and develop high speed memory IP cores. Qualifications: B.E/ M.E/ M.Tech or B.S/ M.S in EE/ CE with 9+ years of relevant experience. 5+ years of experience in memory controller design such as DDR4/ 3 or LPDDR4/ 3 or QDRII+/ IV or RLDRAM. Requires proven track record in technical leadership of teams with 3+ engineers. Excellent Verilog and logic design concepts. Working knowledge of C; embedded experience with MicroBlaze preferred Hands- on experience with lab equipment including logic analyzers and high speed oscilloscopes Working knowledge of signal integrity methods Knowledge of bus protocols like AXI/ AHB. Excellent waveform debug skills using front end industry standard design tools like VCS, NCSIM, and ModelSim. Excellent communication and problem solving skills. Should have experience working in geographically dispersed team and should be a strong team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xilinx India Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Xilinx India Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details