TITLE: TEAM LEAD - Technical Support

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this They are looking out for a lot of SR TEAM LEADER ENTERPRISE TECHNICAL SUPPORT with 6 to 12 years of EXPERIENCE out of which 2+ year should be into team Leading. Dimension & Scope: This position is responsible for supporting; coaching; developing and supervising a group of employees in a Service Center/Operations environment. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Monitor, identify and resolve performance/behavior/attendance issues using prescribed performance management techniques. Monitor and take action on TKS, personnel and payroll issues. Conduct performance appraisals annually. Review Companies compliance documents as required. Responsible for staffing and hiring. Maintain current employee records on direct reports. Review CMS statistics on a daily basis and provide constructive feedback. Provide Subject Matter Expertise. Ensure training needs of subordinates are met. Modify Operations as needed to meet service level agreements under supervision of Operations Manager. Successfully complete all client related training. Resolve escalated customer issues. Hold team meetings on a regular basis with direct reports. Communicate all process and client changes to direct reports within specific timeliness Promote the use of all center communication tools. Responsible for day-to-day functional supervision of non-exempt work group, including work assignment and attendance monitoring; providing input into selecting, training, developing, and completing performance appraisal of work group(s) in accordance with the organizations policies and applicable legal requirements. Education & Professional Certifications: Associates degree in related field or advanced vocational training with two to four years related experience; or Bachelors degree or equivalent with three or more years of related work experience. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(Technical) Keyskills Team Leading teams leader Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Acelinkers Consultancy Services Pvt Ltd MNC CLIENT OF ACELINKERS Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details