TITLE: ERC Specialist - HRQA

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ERC Specialist - HRQA (HR Quality Assurance) Amazon.com strives to be Earth's most customer- centric company where people can find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want - low prices, vast selection, and convenience - Amazon.com continues to grow and evolve as a world- class e- commerce platform. Amazon's evolution from Web site to e- commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of innovation that is part of the company's DNA. The world's brightest technology minds come to Amazon.com to research and develop technology that improves the lives of shoppers and sellers around the world. About Amazon India Development Centers: Amazon India Development Center (AIDC) started in Bangalore in 2004 followed by centers in Hyderabad (2005) and Chennai (2006) . The vision was to utilize the top talent available in India to drive our global business growth. Today, AIDC builds, supports, tests and manages technology, products & services which support millions of Amazon customers worldwide. Position Description: The ERC Specialist HRQA will be responsible for the successful entry of data into HRIS, time and attendance, and payroll systems. Additionally, the ERC Specialist Payroll Support will perform data entry and processing with a high level of accuracy and speed across multiple systems. The successful candidate will have good communication and organizational skills, good attention to detail and the ability to prioritize in a fast- paced environment. Person must also possess good analytical and critical thinking skills, along with the customer service focus that the world associates with and expects from Amazon. Responsibilities: 1. Verify and perform data entry in multiple systems. Look for variances in the data for correction or further analysis. 2. Analyze and audit data for accuracy. Resolve and/ or escalate to the stakeholders team as necessary. 3. Provide accurate and timely response to inquiries adhering to the SLAs 4. Understand and anticipate the downstream impacts from changes to time and attendance or pay impacting systems. 5. Understand impacts of changes in PeopleSoft system and how these will impact internal/ external interfaces. 6. Continually strive to improve efficiency and effectiveness of existing systems and look for enhancements related to current systems and procedures based on KAIZEN and LEAN methodologies. 7. Provide clear communication to partners and employees when researching and resolving inquiries. 8. Track, measure and report on the Service Level Agreement (SLA) metrics. 9. Demonstrate a high degree of discretion and confidentiality. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 2 years of International Payroll experience required Experience with multiple payroll and timekeeping systems (Kronos, ADP, and People Portal) Masters Degree from an accredited university MS Office experience and ability to use MS Excel for reporting Customer service orientation with ability to serve multiple customers (candidates, hiring managers, recruiters, HR business partners) Exceptional communication and organizational skills Computer operating and database management skills Good attention to detail and the ability to prioritize in a fast- paced environment, analytical and critical thinking skills Good Analytical and critical thinking skills Preferred Qualifications Work timings: Should be flexible to work in shifts Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details