TITLE: Windows Administration SME, 10+ Yrs Exp, IBM, India, Open Package

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Wish you & your Family a very Happy Pongal! I introduce myself as Pradip from VIXI IT Solutions. We are looking out for Global SME- Windows Administrator with IBM, India, Contract Position Please Note that the salary is open, and in accordance with international standards. Primary Skill: Windows Administrator Work Location: Bangalore, Noida, Hyderabad No. of Position: 22. Experience: 10+ Years. Technology and experience: High level knowledge of Window server 2003 to Window server 2012 R2 Good knowledge in MS cluster and Troubleshooting. Good level knowledge of powershell / Vbscript Understand and carry out Hardware & OS refresh/migration. Server hardware support Additional Knowledge in Vmware & ESX management. Main responsibilities: Windows/Vmware SME resource Good Microsoft Cluster troubleshooting skill is require. Good OS refresh/up-gradation experience Good MS AD experience Performs root cause analysis and creates a solution Address all escalations related to the customer's account including management of severity one issues to resolution. Ensure account specific documentation is current and stored in a database repository for the pool's use. Educate pool members on account and industry specific technologies/processes to efficiently handle tasks, resulting in a broad skill base of resources available to service the account. Powershell, vbscript/Shell script is preferred for automation. Should be ready to support/work in 24*7 environment. Should be ready to take on call support. Should be active & proactive in day to day VMware operations & analyze risks in environment & plan to fix them. Should have thinking capabilities to add value to business & improve customer satisfaction. Should have good verbal/written communication skills. General Skill Set: Perform or assist in the below activities: o Support resources on transition on new projects along with KT plan o Plan the structure of the training to be provided to up-skilling candidates o Create a personalized training roadmap for each up-skilling participant o Initiate training program for resources as per personalized training roadmap o Track and report monthly progress of each participant - Template o Resource skill assessment and certification - based on the skill stratification document o Review Skill stratification document o Identify technical scope of work on new accounts to be delivered by up-skilling candidate o Evaluate that each participant can handle all tasks and can be assigned to account work at exit skill level (as per the task based training curriculum) o Periodic review and evaluation to check progress of every resource o Periodic review to track transition of workload to GDC o Use real customer environment and lab environment to train program participants o Shadow up-skilling participants to handle changes, migration & project activities Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology, problem determination, high availability, troubleshooting and best practices: o Act as a mentor & coach o Explain concepts in simple language o Use creative approaches o Exception presentation skills PFB, other open position we have.Let me know which skill matches yours, to share the JD. Technology, Open SME Positions AIX ,25 Citrix,10 DB2,8 IBM SAN,26 Linux,22 Mainframe,8 ORACLE,20 SAP, 10 Vmware,9 WAS,13 Wintel,22 WMQ,11 Let us know if you have references. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. Primary Work location will be Bangalore for all the skills, Secondary Noida, Pune . Then Hyderabad & Chennai.2. For SAP & Middleware skills work location is Only Bangalore. There are no open positions for Other locations for the same.3. This is a SME role. Please refer JD4. Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology.5. He/She should act as a mentor/Trainer & coach. Hence, We can process the profiles like excellent corporate Technical trainers / mentors / Freelancers in the global market, if they are interested.6. Globally certified Corporate Trainers / Freelancers profiles are also acceptable.7. Resources those who have already taken interview in last 3 months, please excuse us. Company Profile: ViXi IT Solutions Recruitment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details