TITLE: Urgent Lookong Us-it Recruiter for Hyderabad Location....

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Professionals, Greetings from Gemini Consulting! Hope this mail reaches you in Great health & High spirits. This is Puja from Gemini Consulting & Services (ERP, SAP & IT Practice) and we have an excellent opportunity for "US-IT Recruiter " Professionals for our In-house Project in Hyderabad Location - Permanent Hire We found your profile in one of the leading Job Portal and hope this opportunity enrich your career further. ABOUT US: Gemini Consulting & Services believes in transforming your ideas into new products and services through leading edge technology expertise and business domain knowledge. The concept of Gemini was developed by best and the brightest in the field of IT consulting, healthcare, staffing & recruiting and Human Resources consulting to provide myriad services under one roof to its clients. Housed with professionals, who are graduates of top Engineering schools and Business schools and years of industry experience under their belt, Gemini strives to be an international player in the field of consulting business. Having a strong presence in the St. Louis area and cross industry network of clients, the company is among the major players providing IT consulting services in the Midwest region along with Global Development Center at Hyderabad. We specialize in providing the services for Application Development, Project Management, Integrations, ERP Implementations, Big Data, and Mobile Development etc. We help our clients for managing their recruitment needs for short term and long-term needs. For further details, please visit us at: www.gemini-us.com Base location: Hyderabad Role: US-IT Recruiter Experience: 2 Yrs 6 Years Assignment: Permanent Hire Job Description: 1) Strong Experience in US-IT Recruitment(End to End Life Cycle) 2) Able to recruit H1/H1 transfers/EAD/etc... 3)Good Comm Skill. 4) Passion to learn and work. If you find this opportunity not matching your ambitions or career path, Talent and expertise, request you to kindly ignore it, alternatively you may forward it to your friends or family who might be interested in this opportunity.... Details Required: Full Name (Including Sur Name): Date of Birth: Current Organization: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Reason for Change: Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gemini Consulting & Services India Pvt Ltd, Gemini Consulting & Services believes in transforming your ideas into new products and services through leading edge technology expertise and business domain knowledge. The concept of Gemini was developed by best and the brightest in the field of IT consulting, healthcare, staffing & recruiting and Human Resources consulting to provide myriad services under one roof to its clients. Housed with professionals, who are graduates of top Engineering schools and Business schools and years of industry experience under their belt, Gemini strives to be an international player in the field of consulting business. Having a strong presence in the St. Louis area and cross industry network of clients, the company is among the major players providing IT consulting services in the Midwest region along with Global Development Center at Hyderabad.We specialize in providing the services for Application Development, Project Management, Integrations, ERP Implementations, Big Data, and Mobile Development etc. We help our clients for managing their recruitment needs for short term and long-term needs. For further details, please visit us at: www.gemini-us.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details