TITLE: Web Development Engineers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : \ We need web developers to create web pages and web- based applications on Internet. The work involves detailed web development work- flow including collecting or creating web content (copy, images, multimedia, etc.) , planning web site layout and navigation, developing web pages and testing in multiple web browsers, and optimizing the website for peak performance & superior user experience.The successful web developers should be fluent in the programming languages that fuel the web. Prerequisites include a command of HTML, Javascript & CSS. Also required is knowledge of server- side programming language, such as PHP, Microsoft .Net Visual Basic, or Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) , to develop complex business and mobile applications. The candidates we are looking for can further distinguish themselves by experience/ expertise and qualifications in one or more of the leading database systems, such as MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2, or Oracle, to write web applications that interact with the corporate database. \ Exposure to open source programming and Google technologies is a distinct advantage. The ideal candidate should be passionate about cloud solutions. \ Qualifications: Professional degrees and qualifications in Web Design, Web Development, Software Engineering or a related field of study. In addition, hands- on programming experience is the key requirement for this role as a web developer. Innovativeness in past experience will enhance chances of being selected. \ Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InfoLogitech Systems Pvt Ltd InfoLogitech Systems Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details