TITLE: Infrastructure Development Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Global Compute Services (GCS) is the technology infrastructure organization for the firm, delivering a wide range of products and services, and partnering with all lines of business to provide high quality service delivery, exceptional project execution and financially disciplined approaches and processes in the most cost effective manner. The objective of GCS is to balance both business alignment and the centralized delivery of core products and services. GCS is designed to address the unique infrastructure needs of specific lines of business and the demand to leverage economies of scale across the firm. Core Foundation Services (CFS) The GCS Core Foundation Services (CFS) team is responsible for delivering core infrastructure services (including server OS, directory, naming, security, monitoring, orchestration, software distribution, and configuration management) for the Windows & Linux platforms. These solutions are provided to the firms lines of business (LoBs) via the Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service, and Global Network Services teams. Enterprise Management Services (EMS) This role will be located in the Enterprise Management Services (EMS) team within CFS. EMS has Engineering and L3 support responsibilities for Windows and UNIX Event and Performance Monitoring, Firmwide Event Routing, Monitoring Analytics/ Visualisation and Distributed Job Scheduling. In particular the successful candidate will be a technical lead in the team that develops the tooling that supports the firms monitoring solutions which are based on IBM Tivoli ITM, Microsoft SCOM and IBM Netcool. Responsibilities Local Lead for APAC Development team Translation of customer requirements into design and implementation plans that are consistent with the organizations strategic direction. Engineering and architectural development of innovative and robust solutions across GCS and partners. Ongoing assessment the existing environment with a relentless focus on continuous improvement. Fielding escalations from the support organization and providing solutions in partnership with the vendors when necessary. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Essential Skills Solid Software Engineering Fundamentals Deep Java Knowledge Ability to design and build complex systems from scratch Integration REST APIs, JDBC, SQL, JMX Web Application design and development - HTML5 / CSS3/ jQuery Experience with SOA/ Microservices. Modern SDLC (TDD, BDD, CI, Automation) Leadership/ Coaching/ Mentoring Excellent communication skills - the ability to communicate at a level commensurate with the audience at hand, be they expert or non- expert. Understanding of Agile and Lean thinking/ DevOps Working in a globally distributed team. Desirable Skills Strong knowledge of UNIX and/ or UNIX like operating systems. Perl, Python. Knowledge of systems monitoring tools Experience with messaging technologies, especially AMPS. NOSQL Databases Interest in or experience with machine learning/ data science. Knowledge of techniques for dealing with very large datasets. Working in a globally distributed team. Education Degree or equivalent in a scientific, computing or other quantitative subject is a plus. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details