TITLE: Software Developer 4

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Work is non- routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Department Name: OBI Analytics Applications Department Description Oracles Business IntelligenceApplications HCM Analytics is hiring! We are looking for passionate andcreative Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse Engineers with knowledge andexperience in BI and Data Warehousing such as Data Warehouse modeling, ExtractTransform and Load etc. Experience in working with Predictive Analytics, Text Analytics and Web Services will be a big plus. About Oracle Business IntelligenceApplications Oracle Business IntelligenceApplications provide prepackaged analytical dashboard and reportingfunctionality for on- premise business applications such as Oracle E- BusinessSuite, PeopleSoft, Siebel, JDEdwards and SAAS/ Cloud applications such as OracleFusion Applications, Oracle Taleo, OracleRightNow etc. Oracle BusinessIntelligence Applications are hot- pluggable to the largest number of sourcessystems and database platforms, and are the most comprehensive BI applicationsin the market. The product delivers pre- built dimensional data warehousepopulated from various ERP and CRM systems using ETL programs. A logical semantic layer on top of the datawarehouse defines various Key Performance Indicators and metrics. There arealso various data delivery mechanisms such as dashboards, reports, alerts, realtime views etc.. The development involves the state of the art technologies, like Oracle Business Intelligence Suite Enterprise Edition, Oracle DataIntegrator, Oracle Real- Time Decision, Oracle Action Framework, BPEL, etc, which are also adopted by more than half of Fortune 500 as the main stream BItechnologies. Join our team and you will... - Open your creative power tounleash the ideas for building the best next generation BI products. - Use your technical skills tocreate the best products and features for our customers and change the face ofBI software. - Work with leading- edge BusinessIntelligence technologies - Join one of the most successful, dynamic and fastest growing business units at Oracle Additional Details The individual is expected to performthe following tasks: - Investigate the well- defined businessworkflows and business rules in the leading business applications. - Design and implement the business anddata warehouse models - Design and implement advancedanalytics features like Predictive Analytics, Text Analytics etc. within theproduct. - Write functional specifications anddesign documentation - Define engineering test plans and testdata - Implement, test and tune the data warehouseapplication. - Work with external groups such as QA, Performance and Reliability, Localization etc - Work with customer support teams and/ orcustomers directly to help and resolve challenging customer problems - Define best practices documents andassist professional services team to implement those. Preferred skills and qualifications: - Bachelor/ Master Degree in ComputerScience/ Engineering - Strong experience andunderstanding of OLAP, dimensional modeling concepts with BI Applications &Data Warehouse implementations preferred - Experience in PredictiveAnalytics, Text Analytics and interaction with web services would be aplus - Good functional knowledge in HR domainwould be a plus - Strong knowledge of SQLs, Stored Procedures, query performance tuning on major RDBMS such as Oracle, DB2, MS SQLServer - Experience with any BI product suchas Essbase , Business Objects, Micro Strategy and Big Data/ Hadoop Technologiesis a plus. Programming skills using Java, Perl and similar languages etc wouldbe a plus. - Quick learner. A "cando"resilient attitude, high energy, and creativity are required along with anability to work unsupervised while handling multiple priorities - Excellent analytical skills - Excellent communication skills Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details