TITLE: Software Development Snr Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage a team that designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a manager of the software engineering division, you will apply your knowledge of software architecture to manage software development tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications, operating systems and databases according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture and suggest improvements to the architecture. Manages and controls activities in multi- functional areas of sections. Ensures appropriate operational planning is effectively executed to meet Corporate specifications. Demonstrated leadership and people management skills. Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Normal 0 false false false EN- US X- NONE X- NONE Overview: OracleHGBU products are industry leaders in Hospitality segment F&B and Hotels. OracleHGBU is developing scalable and modular solutions that encompass front office, back office, CRM, sales and catering, revenue management, reservations, distribution, point- of- sale, and a multitude of other hospitality industryfunctions. Responsibilities: Executesthe full SDLC from business requirement to product delivery Responsiblefor a team of software engineers and functional architects Hands- onin terms of design, coding, reviews etc Ensurequality deliverables meeting schedule, scope, cost and other constraints Actsas a mentor to the team Manageproduct deliveries at the same time Interact, liaise, and communicate status updates through development cycles Qualifications: BSdegree in Computer Science or equivalent experience relevant to functional area Demonstratedleadership and people management skills Strongcommunication and Analytical skills Thoroughunderstanding of product development 10 years of professional software development experience on J2EE stack including4 years in management roles Experiencebuilding/ maintaining a high volume transaction systems Experiencewith onsite development groups is preferred Experiencemanaging with the following technologies is a plus, Oracle ADF, DB EnterpriseEdition, Web Logic Suite, OBIEE , Oracle Data Integrator, Oracle Identity andAccess Management Suite, Oracle SOA Suite, Oracle Web Center Preferred Skills: Experiencein Oracle ADF and Fusion Middleware Experiencein developing Hotel / Property Management Systems Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details