TITLE: Guest Relations Associate - Front Office

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As the Front Office Associate you are responsible for creating 100% guest satisfaction by providing efficient and effective front desk service. To perform duties to maximize the business outcomes of the hotel. Your duties include: Provide guest service according to service standards. Listens, apologies, finds a solution and follows through when resolving guest problems. Greet guests and processes check- ins and check outs. Process guest payments according to hotel standards. Develop good open communication and rapport with all guests. Arrange for services requested by the guest by working with other departments as appropriate. Offer room information to guests and promotes hotel amenities, food and beverage outlets and services. Liaising with housekeeping to ensure information is passed on for room requests and special requests. Balances daily cash, transaction postings and credit card remittance at the end of each shift ensuring all information is accurate and without discrepancy. Give personal attention, take personal responsibility and uses teamwork when providing guest service. CR_RDB Required Skills Excellent communication skills Able to collaborate effectively with other hotel employees and managers Strong Microsoft Office suite and reporting system skills Ability to work a flexible scheduleRequired Experience One year front office experience is preferred High school diploma required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Front Office/Customer Care Role:Front Office/Guest Relations Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Carlson Pvt Ltd Carlson Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details