TITLE: Manager, Software Engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. rn rnrnIf you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. rn rn rnLearn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http: / / ca.com/ careers rn rn rn Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. rn rn rn Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details