TITLE: Prodapt Hiring - Sigma Professionals - Bangalore/chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are hiring Tech Lead (SIGMA Suite) Mentioned below are the other details of the job: Job Location : Chennai/Bangalore Experience : 8+ Yrs Position : Tech Lead Job Description: Expertise in Sigma suite of Products expertise (Catalog, CPQ, Order Management) Involved in design, development and implementation of Sigma Products Experience in PreSales activites Experience in converting Business Requirements to Implementation Thorough understanding of software architectures and development methodologies Responsible for having strong understanding of customer needs and establish operational standards to exceed customer satisfaction, as well as possess the ability to translate marketing requirements into detailed design and development plans Experience in working on proposals and pre sales activities Strong OSS/BSS Background More than 10+ years of experience in across the complete project life cycle Requirements - architecture design Implementation Testing Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experienced in all aspects of staff management including staff appraisals /performance reviews. Excellent Interpersonal and people management skills If this opportunity interests you, send in your updated resume with your contact details to thiraviasankar.t@prodapt.com with the following details. Total Experience: Rev Experience: Current Company: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Available for interview(Y/N): Ready to relocate to Chennai/Bangalore: Regards, Thiraviasankar HR - TAG Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills catalog CPQ OSS BSS catalog cpq order management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prodapt Solutions Prodapt is a leading provider of IT and Engineering services with singular focus on communications industry. We work with Communications Service Providers (CSPs), ISVs and NEM customers to help maximize value and reduce cost from IT and NW engineering investments. Prodapt has partnered with several leading organizations in the telecom industry including Fortune 500 customers. Most of the clients are long-term customers of Prodapt that cite flexibility, depth in telecom and high-levels of service as the reasons for re-engaging with us. As a customer oriented organization, our Executive Leadership maintains a close relationship with customer stakeholders. The assurance provided by such accountability has resulted in converting several engagements in to long-term contracts and reference-able customers. Over 15 years, Prodapt has been home to telecom-savvy business, technical leaders from the market including talents from several leading OSS/BSS product vendors and System Integrators. Prodapt is a CMMi Level 3, ISO: 9001 and SSAE16 organization with headquarters in Chennai-India and offices in US, Europe and South Africa. Prodapt is a part of 120 year old business conglomerate, Jhaver Group. With over 15500 people across 64+ locations around the world, the group has businesses in - IT Services, Healthcare, Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals, Agro-chemicals, Textiles, Apparel accessories & BPO industry. Deloitte has recognized Prodapt twice as the one of the fastest growing companies in Deloitte Technology Fast50 India and Deloitte Technology Fast 500 APAC (2011 & 2015). According to Dataquest Prodapt is one among the top 250 IT companies in India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details