TITLE: RIGHTNOW CX CONFIGURATOR

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Display strong verbal and written communication skills with the customer and internal management. Consult and provide guidance to customer personnel in the design and implementation of RightNow CX solutions. Hands- on work configuring, customizing and implementing RightNow CX solutions. Works with business analysts to define requirements which correctly address business problems and provide sufficient detail to drive the proposed solution. Understands the impact of problems/ solutions and their relevancy to business unit goals. Receives minimal supervision. Reviews methods and procedures for applicability on new assignments. Maintain an in- depth knowledge of current RightNow technology, both internally and within the industry, and its applicability to the organization. Prepare, write and review documentation for programs and systems. Leverages the appropriate system development methodologies and processes for analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation. Considers system impacts and long- term effects of decisions/ solutions. Experience with RightNow CX configuration components Creating workflows and workspaces. Custom objects and custom fields Proficient in reporting Analytics Developing or customizing Customer portal. Extensive knowledge of Configuration settings, Business Rules Integrating Systems and services Experience with RightNow CX upgrades Experience with Excel and Visio. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; the ability to communicate effectively with people of diverse technical skill levels, including Technical Support, Business Operations, Sales, and Vendors. Should have the aptitude to understand and relate between the business processes and the application A team player having leadership skills with the ability to work in a fast- paced and dynamic environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NebuLogic Technologies NebuLogic Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details