TITLE: Sr Electrical Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SUMMARY OF POSITION The Product Engineering Center of Excellence (COE) at Medtronic Engineering and Innovation Center is an engineering discipline that deals with both design and manufacturing support for a product under development. It entails, but is not limited to, activities commonly carried out during the product development process. Examples include FEA, solid modeling, prototype development and testing (electrical, mechanical and software) , PCB design & development, software and firmware development and testing, documentation, packaging and label development, and manufacturing process development. Ultimately, the Product Engineering Center of Excellence will design and develop products for the emerging markets. The candidate will be a key technical contributor in the product development of variety of electromechanical medical devices. The candidate will be an integral member of a talented and diverse product development team which will not only be creating innovative products and taking them from early concept through commercialization but will also be responsible for back end maintenance of products post launch. This candidate will participate in design, prototyping, and testing of electromechanical systems and sub systems. The candidate will be required to provide reliable solutions using the latest computer automated engineering (CAE) tools for simulation and prototyping of both analog and digital circuits including test bench development. Qualifications ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Have strong understanding & knowledge about Digital and Analog Board Level Designs Should have demonstrated practical expertise in designing circuits involving microcontrollers, digital signal processors & FPGAs. Must have conceptual and practical experience in Digital and Analog Communications Knowledge with PCB layout and firmware design processes including requirements management, documentation and verification testing. Perform Risk and Failure analysis of electronic components and hardware Knowledge of standard engineering laboratory procedures. Knowledge of Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive or RoHS Good understanding of EMC design techniques and standards (IEC60601, 60601- 1- 2) & demonstrated practical experience in providing solutions for EMC & safety. Good understanding over the FMEA process and Risk Analysis and stratification for the medical devices as governed by ISO 14971 Ability to lead and manage small teams that are of both functional and cross functional origin. Should have demonstrated ability to manage electrical design projects within the stipulated time and allocated budget. Ability to apply appropriate standards, processes, policies, procedures, practices and tools throughout the product/ system development lifecycle, including Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's) , and applicable medical device development protocols under FDA Quality Systems Regulations, CE Marking, and ISO Quality Systems Ability to carry out engineering calculations and analysis. Should have strong ability to write engineering documents, test protocols, laboratory notebook entries and reports. Ability to perform component engineering design and changes. Ability to operate laboratory instruments. Actively participate in product transfer to production, including sustaining engineering Effective oral and written communication skills ESSENTIAL CORE COMPETENCIES: Action Oriented Dealing with Ambiguity Approachability Boss Relationships Composure Creativity Timely Decision Making Decision Quality Functional/ Technical Skills Informing Intellectual Horsepower Learning On The Fly Listening Organizing Perseverance Presentation Skills Priority Setting Problem Solving PRINCIPAL WORKING RELATIONSHIPS Active member of the electrical engineering team. Reports to the Associate Group Lead - Electrical Engineering. EDUCATION/ TRAINING/ EXPERIENCE: BSEE or BS in Hardware Engineering or Electronics Engineering; or equivalent combination of Training & Experience; with 7 to 9 years related experience Experience in development of complex medical products from concept to commercialization desired under FDA Quality System Regulations, CE Marking and ISO Quality Systems is desirable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Wellness / Fitness / Sports Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details