TITLE: Assistant Manager - Enterprise Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. The incumbent should have atleast 3 to 6 years relevant experience in Enterprise Sales/Corporate Sales or services sales background. 2. Relationship Management of Key Customers in B2B. 3. Exposure to Enterprise retail (Non Govt and Non BFSI) and service industry (AMC ) is a must. 4. Sales Negotiations with customers for Service Contracts. 5. Implement Business Strategy in close co-ordination with Business Head for revenue generation 7. Support Operations team for receivables collection Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Excellent Communication & presentation skills.Preferred Industry would be Electronic Security or Services Sales background.Fluency in marathi is a must for Mumbai based candidates.Self starter, persuasive, analytical and should be technically sound. Company Profile: Zicom Zicom Electronic Security Systems LimitedZicoms Aim: To be a world class, Indian MNC, one-stop-shop for high quality security products and services.Incorporated in 1994, Zicom is a pioneer and leader in the field of Electronic Security in India. With over 926 crores in annual sales, operations in over 5 countries, 800 cities in India and over 1 million customers, Zicom is today synonymous with Electronic Security in India.In less than two decades Zicom has established itself as a leader in the security domain, introducing distinct innovations that the rest of the industry has followed.Zicom has been the first Indian Electronic Security Systems company to:* Be listed on the Indian Bourses in 1995.* Introduce Central Monitoring Station (Command Centre in 1995).* Introduce wireless security equipments in the home and retail segment.* Introduce Security Services called SaaS (Security as a Service).* To launch SaaS Enterprise a holistic approach towards Security Resource Planning (SRP) offering Safety and Security, Business Intelligence, Loss Prevention, Comfort and convenience.Our array of products and services which are state-of-the-art, reliable, high-quality products and solutions such as CCTV Surveillance System, Access Control System, Fire Alarm System, Multi-Apartment Video Door Phones, Video Door Phone, Intruder Alarm Systems, Fingerprint Locks and Remote Managed Services (RAM) using the power of Cloud.Our clientele is a proof of our unparalleled operation excellence. From quality products to professional after sales services, Zicom has driven the markets with customer centric focus.For more information do visit us @ www.zicom.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details