TITLE: It-tech and Infra

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To ensure Broadcast uptime of 99.99% at Hyerabad. To be measured by monthly uptime reports. Ensure effective Tech & IT support to programming team. Ensure OBs and studio shifts are carried out smoothly. To be monitored by feedback of P.Ds. Studio, Transmitter, STL Links, Power Utilities and CTI sites infrastructure maintenance to be carried out to ensure broadcast uptime of 99.99%. Ensure Electrical and Maintenance costs are within budgets. Ensure AMC renewals are done within due date. To be measured by uptime reports, monthly electrical reports and weekly reports. To ensure uptime of Email services, Internet, MPLS, VC, MAP, and HR Mantra, Maintenance of servers, firewalls, router, printers, switches, desktops and laptops and all network hardware by periodic check ups To ensure all servers, PCs, desktops and laptops are updated with latest antivirus definitions by complying to sending daily, weekly and monthly reports within timelines. To Ensure Backups are carried out as per IT policy and Archiving content is sent to Mumbai before 7th of every month by making weekly reports and monthly archive reports sent by senior. To Ensure maintenance of RCS for achieving 99.9% uptime. Upgrade latest patches, monitor database and RCS machines on weekly basis. To be measured by monthly uptime reports. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Music Broadcast Private Limited Radio City 91.1FM is India's first and leading FM radio brand. Promoted by Music Broadcast Private Limited (MBPL), the private FM network has captured the hearts of millions of listeners across 20 FM stations in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Pune, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Jaipur, Vadodara, Surat, Sholapur, Nagpur, Sangli, Coimbatore, Vizag, Ahmednagar, Akola, Nanded and Jalgaon. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details