TITLE: Project Manager - Customer Experience/ Process Improvement - Ecommerce

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Project Manager will collaborate with business and development teams across the company to define functional requirements, high level process and technical solutions, and manage all aspects of the project execution including writing business requirements, maintaining the project schedule, resolving or mitigating issues and risks, and communicating results throughout the organization. The successful candidate will be a person who works well with global and cross-functional teams of project or product manager, business managers, operations, and software development, has an extremely high level of customer focus and a passion for process improvement. In addition, they enjoy and excel at diving into data to identify root causes, derive patterns, and determine long-term solutions that ensure superior customer experience. Responsibilities Collaborate with other worldwide business teams, product managers and technical teams to continuously innovate and redesign programs to better serve our customers. Define, prioritize and plan the Projects that will need to be implemented, gaining alignment with all appropriate levels. Schedule and secure the resources and manage cross functional teams to deliver to these projects. Monitor the Projects overall progress: anticipating risks, resolving issues and initiating corrective action as appropriate. Develop long-term department strategies and significantly influence the project and program development and delivery processes and standards. Identify and manage stakeholder groups, and provide regular operational metrics and business reports to those groups. Act as a knowledgeable resource, sharing best practices in project management. End to end responsibility for the execution and success of all projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Project Management Project Manager IITs IIMs XLRI FMS Desired Candidate Profile B.Tech / MBA from a premier Institute (IITs, IIMs, XLRI, FMS, etc) 2-4+ years of post MBA experience in Project Management with demonstrated experience leading cross-functional projects. IT Software Delivery / IT Infrastructure / IT Software projects experience is not suitable, looking for more business centric project management experience. Analytical thinker with a proven ability to probe, question and get under the hood of established business operations and processes. Expert in building and establishing relationships across all levels both within and external to the organization. Skilled in influencing and managing change. Decision Making/ Complex Problem Solving- system thinker who proactively gathers the right data from appropriate sources to make the right decisions. Can act decisively, promptly and confidently. Excellent communicator both verbally and written with an ability to communicate with all levels in the organization (technical, business, executive). A Big thinker who can look outside the box for solutions but can probe and consider all the facts and details, while still staying aligned with the long term plans and goals Think and act both strategically and tactically Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Search Light Consultants The Company is a reputed MNC & a client of Search Light The Company is a reputed Ecommerce MNC with a presence across the country. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details