TITLE: Quality Assurance Analyst

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Business Development Manager will play a vital role in planning and delivering new Managed Services Clients through a variety of strategies to support the growth and expansion of End to End Networks. You are a hunter; a dynamic and results-driven individual in the Business to Business sales arena, who thrives in a competitive environment. Your role, as Canadian Business Development Manager, is to utilize your professional selling skills to generate leads, cultivate client relationships and to offer innovative solutions. The role will be assigned to one or more of the following verticals for prospecting; Financial, Retail, Logistics / Transportation, Distribution. . Required Skills Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements Prepare and present proposals and close new accounts in targeted verticals. Develop and maintain Sales Territory Plan and ensure achievement of Company sales targets and profitability Work closely with the Marketing Specialist, Business Development to generate new leads via vendors and distribution houses, understand competitors, End to Endrsquos market position, and identify event opportunities Network and actively participate in User Groups, Associations, and Trade Shows in targeted verticals, including after-hours events Manage all activities through the Customer Relationship Management Software (CRM), ensuring consistency and accuracy. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Quality Assurance Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Einstech Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Einstech Business Solutions was established in the year 2011 with the focused aim to provide the best business IT solutions to different verticals. We intricately understand the varying needs of our customers and develop well-packaged solutions that exceed expectations. We provide a complete holistic range of solutions by leveraging our deep domain expertise . EBS has a strong technical team to provide quality offshore software development services from India.The team consists of professionals who have had significant experience of designing, developing and managing projects, both in India and foreign destinations. We combine the best people, processes and technology to achieve customer satisfaction consistently. EBS is best defined as youthful, ambitious, amiable and passionate. Regardless to mention, it inherits its qualities from its people who have a strong drive to excel, to deliver high quality work on time thus bringing value to clients. At EBS, we constantly strive to go an extra mile for our clients and become the best player in the IT industry Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details