TITLE: Business Development Manager - (female - Concept or Service Selling)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To prospect and secure the best accounts in loyalty marketing and rewards space using the best practices in mapping, relationship building and solution development. Skills Required: Corporate Sales and concept & consultative selling. Client Relationship & inter-personal skills Business Development & Mega account management Excellent written and verbal communication skills Person should be methodical & organized with clarity of thought Dealt with key decision makers in medium to large companies Excellent knowledge of MS office Competencies: Knowledge of loyalty domain. Exposure corporate sales and concept sales with a good sales and marketing acumen. Ability to work independently and achieve stretch targets. Client Relationship & inter-personal skills. A very good sales person as well driven by targets. Business Development & large account management Excellent written and verbal communication skills Person should be methodical & organized with clarity of thought Dealt with key decision makers in medium to large companies Excellent knowledge of MS office Job Description: To achieve budgeted individual targets for BIW Products & services. To build the seeding database from internal and external data sources. Mapping industry/verticals to ensure in-depth market coverage. Convert cold calls into warm and hot leads. Generate and maintain a strong sales funnel. Prepare customised proposal presentations to provide the strategy and solutions for the client Customer, Channel or Employee Loyalty, Incentive and Rewards & Recognitions programs respectively. To manage coordination with all internal support teams to help develop the proposal and price budgets. Complete responsibility on developing the Scope of Work for the client programs. Market study in terms of competition mapping, market intelligence and market share. Working conditions: Field job = 70% Office work = 30% Total Experience: Minimum 6+ years in sales & business development in enterprise / corporate sales. Qualifications: Graduation from a leading institution / university. Post graduate diploma or certification in business management would be an added advantage. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Adecco India Loyalty Marketingjegatheesh.ganesan@adecco.co.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details