TITLE: Job - Front Office cum Business Assistant - 6 Months Contract

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Front office Executive: Answering all incoming telephone calls and conveys messages to appropriate personnel. Administration duties including data entry and filing of correspondence. Travel Desk Booking of Air tickets, bus tickets and train tickets including preparing relevant documentations. Identified hotels for visitors stay arrangement and to at times to conduct the event management. Franking of outgoing mails and maintain postage records. Open, sort distribute incoming mails to the appropriate personnel. Monitor, update and maintain records on the services and maintenance and schedule for all office equipments. Provide assistant to other departments on all office maintenance & servicing of equipments. Organise, manage and replenish the stock level for office inventories eg. Stationery, consumables and toiletries. Follow up on the delivery of orders placed and ensure goods received are in right quantity and conditions. Any other projects or ad-hoc tasks as assigned Regional Director Support (50% of time) Maintenance of diary appointments, scheduling, deadline notifications & travel planning for the Regional Director Collation and preparation of statistics for weekly and monthly reports. Preparation of all meetings for Management Team and for all Training sessions held by the Regional Director. Maintenance of filing systems. Coordination of all travel with the Management Team Maintenance of Suggestion box log, and response as required. Liaison between Management team to ensure projects stay on track and are completed within time frames set. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Keyskills Personnel Administration Travel Desk Stationery Front Office Liaison Event Management Data Entry Monthly Reports Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: element14 India Private Limited element14 is a high-service distributor of technology products and solutions for electronic system design, maintenance and repair. Bringing together the latest products, services, and development software, all connected to an innovative online engineering community where purchasers and engineers can access peers and experts, a wide range of independent technical information and helpful tools. Whether researching a new technology, designing an electronic product, or looking for parts to repair an existing system, element14 is the trusted global source to find the answers and parts you need to keep your project on the fast track, right from the start Reach Over 2 million customers in over 150 industries Operations in 35 countries 3,500 leading suppliers Over 450,000 stocked products + four million available on demand Leader in environmental legislation Over 200,000 registered members on the element14 Community Resources Over 4,400 employees Over 620 field sales staff Over 600 contact centre staff 48 transactional websites with 33 in local languages URL: http://in.element14.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details