TITLE: Inbound Candidate Screener - Contract

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At Uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team weve built. The driver behind all our growth, our bold and disruptive brand, and the game changing technology we bring to market is the people that make Uber well, Uber. Delivering a first class, on- demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want an Inbound Sourcer who has the same critical eye.? An Inbound Sourcer must have the ability to review high volumes of applications and referrals, but be able to identify the diamonds in the rough. We need help building our teams on a national level. If you're ready to work hard with sourcing top talent nationwide, this may be the gig for you. Still reading The right person will be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving people problems and can thrive in a startup culture. This role is all about bringing on the smartest folks, maintaining our culture as we grow crazy fast and putting process in place to keep it moving.?This role is based in our?Hyderabad Office.? Still think this is you Well then, keep reading! Responsibilities: Youll be tasked with supporting our recruiters, helping build rad teams and partnering with our existing shop. Youll also: Managing several roles at once and processing both online applicants and internal referrals Be the first point of contact to potential candidates by screening and engaging talent while spreading UberLove! Be knowledgeable about our business and why people should work here? Learning the profiles for the region that you are supporting to find the best fit for the candidate Work closely with our Operations Recruiters to improve upon building an awesome pipeline Keep em warm! Being able to pipeline candidates and identify what future opportunities they may be a fit for? Experience: 1- 2 years experience in recruiting, sourcing, or recruiting coordinating role is preferred Greenhouse familiarity or ATS reporting experience Degreed or equivalent work experience? ? ? ? ? ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: uber uber Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details