TITLE: Talent Acquisition

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Talent Acquisition and Operations 10 - 15 Years Operations Head - IT Firm - Hyderabad | Hyderabad | Koinage HR Solutions (P) Ltd. | Applicant Tracking System Your form validation is successful! Operations Head - IT Firm - Hyderabad Talent Acquisition and Operations | 10 - 15 Years | Hyderabad | 1 Position About Koinage HR Solutions (P) Ltd. Koinage HR Solutions (P) ltd. is a 5 year old venture into solving the talent acquisition problem of the industry. We are a team of young professionals who work diligently to provide solutions to our clients in the shortest period of time. SHARE THIS JOB WITH FRIENDS Summary Responsible for creating and deploying strategies to strengthen the organization's capabilities across multiple teams ensure it has the talent to meet current and future business needs. Job Description Job Description We are the hiring partner of a leading IT Company and are looking to hire an Operations Head. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible to establish structure and members in the Business Development areas, Offshore Development Team, Recruitment teams, Infrastructure Networking Teams, and local level HR Teams. Structure out the entire processes with timelines attached. Develop and own the budget for Offshore Centers and oversee management of external recruiting resources, relationships and vendor contracts. Operations teams to implement and improve systems, tools and on boarding processes, ensuring maximum automation and process efficiency and positive candidate experience. Partner closely with the key members of HR, Admin, Infrastructure and Sales team to influence the evaluation of internal talent to ensure appropriate talent assessment to address organizational skill gaps. Actively participate as a Leadership Team member and drive a consistent positive candidate experience and quality of hire approach to recruitment. Develop, implement, and communicate metrics to track progress of hiring. Maintain current knowledge including but not limited to systems, tools, resources, events, and market and industry trends; share knowledge with managers ensuring that the company is on the leading edge of sourcing/ identifying and hiring top quality talent. Handling a team of 60- 70 Required Qualifications: B.S. / B. A. Degree in Human Resources and or Marketing Sales. Minimum 10 years of progressive leadership experience Minimum 5 years staffing industry experience in IT Staffing outfit Interested Candidates may Apply or send the CV to: Nikita Yadav EMail : nikita@koinage.co.in M : + 91 9582 891185 Koinage HR Solutions Private Limited C- 7 | Basement | Green Park Extn | | New Delhi 110016 OTHER OPENINGS AT Koinage HR Solutions (P) Ltd. You have some form errors. Please check below. Select Profile APPLY NOW. ITS FREE. Your form validation is successful Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Performance Management Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Koinage HR Solutions (P) ltd Koinage HR Solutions (P) ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details