TITLE: Software Engineer SIB

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We can accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Lets work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients lives. Help us shape the future. SUMMARY OF POSITION Work as a member of a large multi- functional (hardware, software, electrical, mechanical) team in the software design and development of embedded software for Medtronics R& D center in Surgical Innovation Business. Software Engineer will be accountable and responsible for all software deliverables within their project. Software Engineers typically provide technical expertise and leadership for other software developers and work closely with other members of the engineering staff to provide technical solutions to engineering problems. Other responsibilities of a Software Engineer might include creation of requirements, architecture, design documentation, software applications, test plans, unit testing and other project artifacts. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Participates, as a member of software project or sub- project team (s) , in the development of software applications Adheres to defined development procedures. Generates high- quality work products. Translates requirements/ specifications into design, and ultimately software. Participates in requirements, design and code reviews as they pertain to software designs. Participates in other activities, such as performing hazard and risk analysis, reviews of designs and tests, etc. Functions well in a team environment Demonstrates good debugging and coding practices. Qualifications EXPERIENCE 6- 8 years of experience with embedded system software design Must have 5+ yrs. experience developing software in a regulated industry such as medical, aerospace, defense, nuclear, etc. Individual Contributor experience is mandatory. Possible interaction with Global Business Units, clinicians, third- party vendors, manufacturers, subcontractors and other users. KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY: Strong knowledge, experience and proficiency in hands- on Embedded C programming is must. Strong knowledge, experience and proficiency in hands- on C++ and Design Patterns is must. Strong knowledge, experience and proficiency in hands- on Linux Operating System is must. Strong experience in developing real time software for barebones platforms, Boot- loader programming, Microcontrollers, RTOS, Kernel Programming, Device Drivers. Strong knowledge in Protocols SPI, I2C, USB etc., Compilers, configurations, understanding schematics (not mandatory) . Strong knowledgeable and experience in software engineering processes and software life- cycle. Strong knowledge in Software Design, Unit/ Integration Testing , Tools like VectorCast etc. Strong knowledge & experience in Microcontrollers, Embedded Systems, Hardware Integration and coding. Strong knowledge in DSP is desired (not mandatory) . Object- Oriented Design and Implementation understanding is a desirable. Exposure to configuration Management tools like PlasticSCM, Synergy or SVN is a required. Medical instrument development experiences a plus. Experience with a documented software development process or familiarity with Medical / Risk Analysis Standards. Experience working with Agile methodologies is good to have but not mandatory. Experience working in Medical Device Design controls (IEC 13485) or IEC 62304 design control environment Proven ability to work in a multidisciplinary team environment. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Must be team player EDUCATION BS/ BE/ B.Tech (EE, CS or equivalent) . MS/ ME/ M.Tech (EE, CS or equivalent) . Proficient and proven candidates completed C- DAC or APGDST may be considered. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details