TITLE: Immediate Job Opening for UDB db2 (hyderabad) at CSC

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Immediate Job Opening for UDB db2 (Hyderabad) at CSC Title: Prof 1 Database Administrator Experience: 2 to 9 years. Mandatory Skills: UDB db2 LUW Location: Hyderabad Notice Period: Immediate to 30days only. Experience in UDB Database Production support. A person skilled as DBA, long experience with UDB. Proven experience from real life customer (Minimum 2 years as a DBA ). Should be able to perform day to day activities. Analyzes /Optimization DBMS performance Backup and disaster recovery. Resource monitoring, Troubleshooting and problem solving Facilitator for development staff and vendors Exposure to Procedural and audit documentation Full Name: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Willing for Job Location Hyderabad: Contact No: Email: Availability for F2F discussion: Relevant Job Seekers can share updated profiles to hmopada@csc.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CSC India Pvt Ltd. CSC India Pvt. Ltd., www.csc.com. Founded in 1959, CSC is a leading global IT Services company. CSC provides innovative solutions for customers around the world by applying leading technologies and CSC's own advanced capabilities. These include systems design, integration, IT, applications software development, web application hosting management and technology consulting and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO). With more than 90000 employees worldwide, CSC's revenue exceeds $ 15.0 billion. The mission of CSC is to be a global leader in providing technology-enabled business solutions and services. With the broadest range of capabilities, CSC offers clients the solutions they need to manage complexity, focus on core businesses, collaborate with partners and clients and improve operations. CSC leads with an informed point of view while still offering client choice. For more than 50 years, clients in industries and governments worldwide have trusted CSC with their business process and information systems outsourcing, systems integration and consulting needs. Global teams of CSC for the product led services, infrastructure services and application services are now based in India, making it the 3rd largest location for CSC worldwide. CSC processes in India conforms to SEI CMM level 5, BS7799 and BSI5000 standards. The company trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'CSC'. CSC India is ramping up its headcount across its offices in India (Chennai,Hyderabad, Noida, Bangaluru, Indore and Mumbai ). Currently we are looking for professionals with following skill sets to join our Global Team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details