TITLE: Technical Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical analysts are required to support our lsquoPrice Consultancy Servicesrsquo. Price consultancy services are aimed to serve various corporate houses/ individuals exposed to price risk in the commodity segment. - Helping the Research Manager to form price outlook backed up with strong analytics. - Improving the depth of research and quality of content in reports - Participate in weekly team meetings along with Engagement Manager on price outlook - Participate in the field / industry trip - Bringing out research innovations - Bringing new research methodologies - Developing market intelligence network - Data compilation & maintaining the good database - Bring out the results from studies/ analysis which would help the team in framing the report content.Desired Profile: - Experience of at least 2 to 5 years. - Experience working in commodity, equity or financial markets is preferred. - Experience in Price forecasting for short, medium and long term is required. - Independent call taking capability. - Excellent in Mother chart analysis, Elliott wave and crowd behaviour. - Beginner at Gann analytics, Financial Astrology and Metastock programming. - Exposure to Multi Technical Analysis Software - Experience in using Elliott Wave Analysis is mandatory. - Experience in directly serving external corporate clients located in India or abroad is considered as added advantage. - Sound knowledge in derivative markets and related concepts is preferred. - Flexible and able to meet the changing demands of the services. - Good communication skills, written and verbal. - Proactive, self- reliant and effective within a team Environment. - Proficiency in using the software products related to technical analysis and MS Office. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TransGraph Consulting Pvt.Ltd TransGraph Consulting Pvt.Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details