TITLE: Sr Software V&V Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Together Medtronic and Covidien are working to improve how healthcare addresses the needs of more people, in more ways and in more places around the world. As one company, we can accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. This is the ideal opportunity to join us, and be part of our commitment to the health of others. We know the combined resources of Medtronic and Covidien will be transformative, creating new methodologies and new opportunities. Whatever your specialty or ambitions, you can make a difference at Medtronic - both in the lives of others and your career. The Senior Software V ; V Engineer will be responsible for various software verification and validation activities during the development lifecycle of complex electro-mechanical medical devices (ventilators). This candidate shall be responsible for the verification testing of embedded, real-time software, including the development of test plans and procedures. In addition, the position is responsible for ensuring that the software development process is followed and the risk associated with the software is identified and mitigated appropriately. This individual will participate in design reviews and code inspections and will support the development of documentation required for FDA device approval. The individual will be a part of a small but professional Software Systems V ; V team and will work closely with embedded software Development engineers. The overall job of the Software V ; V engineer is one of contributing positively in creation and innovation, which would lead to the development and introduction of new and tailored products. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES SoftwareSystems Verification and Validation of medical devices - embedded, real-time software, including the development of test plans, protocolsprocedures and test execution. Create test reports for submission to regulatory authorities to demonstrate that systemsoftware is validated and all requirements are verified. Identify system and software risks ensure risks are appropriately mitigated. Development of test scripts with familiarity in test scripts (LUA, Perl, Python, etc,??). Familiarity with the programming language (CC++C#...) Participation in formal verification and validation activities. Participating in design and code reviews, code inspections and will support the development of documentation required for FDA device approval. Participation in other quality assurance functions, including, but not limited to, process audits, static code analysis, riskhazard analysis, and test automation development. Defining of new product (Software), implementing operational profiles, preparing for test, executing test, and guiding the test. Support the Validation qualification of third-party software components and tools used for software development and verificationvalidation Support Medtronic corporate continuous improvement initiatives. Provide support for audits. Communicates resource or product performance issues to functional management in a timely manner. Prepares oral presentations for various company meetings. Qualifications EXPERIENCE Required: Minimum of Seven (7) years experience in software verification and validation of which minimum three (3) years experience should preferably be in the medical device or regulated industry. KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY: Embedded System Software Verification ; Validation activities in a regulated industry Guidance for Industry, FDA Reviewers and Compliance on Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : Validation of Automated Process Equipment ; Quality System Software Experience in the Verification of embedded, real-time systems. Knowledge of CC++C# and some familiarity with UML. Knowledge of developing and executing test scripts (Lua, perl, python,??) Experience working in a structured software development environment following a well-defined software development and test process. Experience with software and system risk analysis (per ISO 14971) including fault tree analysis, software failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA). Familiarity with the medical standards IEC 62304, IEC 60601-1:2005 and collateral standards. Works with team members, cross-functional teams and global teams. Ability to accurately estimate tasks and trackcommunicate progress for software verification and validation tasks Good verbal and written communication skills Experience with Requirements Management tools, configuration management tools and defect tracking tools. Knowledge of system engineering and the ability to understand embedded software and programmable logic risk assessment from a system perspective. Develop requirements and specifications for test systems required to support verification Experience with test equipment such as emulators, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, serial port analyzers, function generators, multimeters and general lab measurement equipment. Membership in one or more professional societies andor professional certification (e.g. CSQE, CSTE, etc.). Familiarity with FDA regulations and recommended practices regarding software EDUCATION Bachelors of Engineering Degree (or higher) in Computer Science Electronics ; Communication or similar field. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details