TITLE: Sr. Analyst, Network Serv Ops

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose (Job Summary) : T o maintain, operate and ensure the smooth running of the local, wide and metropolitan area networks across Invescos global operation, focusing primarily on the region in which one is stationed. Key Responsibilities / Duties : Support and maintain the local, metropolitan and wide area network infrastructure and perimeter security devices throughout the global organization, focusing primarily on the region in which one is stationed. Maintain up to date levels of operating systems, configurations, backups and all associated documentation, at all times, all while ensuring Company and Team change management processes and procedures are followed correctly Occasionally identify improvements that can be made to the Invesco networks. Assist with streamlining, simplification and in general improvement of systems efficiencies through the effective use of technology, lateral thinking and creativity Take part in technical product evaluations, where necessary Assist with the design and implementation of new infrastructures, concepts and changes to the network in line with business requirements and security guidelines Configure all network devices to comply with security policies. Ensure that IT security policies are followed at all times Contribute to intra- and inter- departmental projects, whilst following the project methodology at all times Provide new and maintain existing technical network diagrams, documentation and associated system processes pertaining to the configuration of the entire network, in line with Company and departmental standards Contribute to business continuity and business recovery exercises and requirements, taking part in regular business continuity testing, out of normal business hours, where appropriate Use some latitude of independent judgment to aid in the delivery of services in line with Team standards Deal with trouble tickets in a prompt and effective fashion Work closely with all IT Teams to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of the entire technical infrastructure Assist the more junior members of the Network Services Team in some technical aspects of their roles Pay close attention to detail and levels of accuracy for all technical work and associated documentation Maintain accurate, up- to- date disaster recovery documentation and store in the agreed central location Where appropriate, provide and maintain internal project related documentation in order to effectively record, track and review project progress. Ensure that the above documentation meets agreed standards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Working Conditions: Normally works a varied shift, comprising a schedule of hours somewhere in between the start and end of business hours. However, number of hours may vary depending upon the situation, project or assignment. Hours may include evenings and/ or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on- call support by pager and/ or cell phone Work Experience / Knowledge: At least 4 years extensive work experience in Cisco switching & routing and firewalls. Knowledge of Checkpoint Firewall- 1 preferred. At least 1 years experience in and knowledge of security principles is essential. At least 2 years experience of network design, including the use of some dynamic routing protocols, basic QoS principles and high availability. At least 2 years directly related work experience in a pressurized financial services company. Knowledge of financial data feeds is preferred. At least 2 years experience of using network analysis tools. Experience in the use of Network General Sniffer and general network sniffing technologies and tools is preferred. Exposure to and knowledge of the following: WAN Optimization, Proxy appliances, Switching technologies, Policy Based Routing, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, HSRP, VRRP, RIP, Network Security Good all round knowledge of IT technologies, including routing, switching, perimeter security, cabling infrastructures, desktop technologies, server technologies, storage technologies, design principles for all areas of LAN, MAN and WAN and interoperability with PC and server infrastructures. At least 4 years in IT in a similar, client service oriented environment. Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Excellent team player. Good communication skills. Open minded, flexible, and willing to listen for other peoples opinions. Excellent interpersonal skills are necessary to effectively communicate over the phone and face to face with a variety of individuals at all technical levels and of different cultures. Numerate and literate. Ability to work well under pressure. Good planning, problem analysis & resolution skills. Displays some latitude for independent judgment. Ability to work under moderate supervision. Able to follow instructions; highlights areas of non- understanding, conflict or contention Well organized. Logical. Proactive. Self motivated. Hard working and conscientious. Formal Education: ( minimum requirement to perform job duties) A Bachelors Degree in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science is preferred. CCNA CCNP or ability to display equivalent technical knowledge Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details