TITLE: Senior PHP Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: As a member of the Product development team, you must be self- motivated to face several day to day challenges with a willingness to wear various hats. You should possess abiding love towards learning upcoming web technologies, an incredible track record of producing stellar websites and a fantastic sense of humor. You will be working often for clientrsquos requirements and dealing with them regularly. Hence, communication and analytical skills are expected default from this position. Responsibilities: Installing, developing, deploying, testing, and supporting various PHP based websites. Strong knowledge in the development of word press custom plugins and themes. Good knowledge in YII Framework concepts. Interfacing with the system analyst to fully understand and gather the websites requirements. Working with a team of UI Designers and UI Developers to develop conversion projects. Manage Team of junior developers and mentor them if needed. Managing Linux System Infrastructure, Install software packages. Knowledge of software design pattern such as MVC, Singleton. Ability to write proper code following standards and unit test the code Work independently with minimal support and also contribute as a team. Requirements: Diverse background working with all of the technologies in the LAMP stack (especially PHP and MySQL) . Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML and other web standards. Background in traditional software development methodologies and environments. Comfortable working in a Linux based environment and experience troubleshooting. Knowledge in Phing & shell scripting Comfortable using a revision control system such as SVN/ GIT. Experience with Object Oriented PHP, design patterns. Experience with Agile/ Scrum based Product Development Methodology. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gyan Web Solutions Pvt Ltd. Gyan Web Solutions Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details