TITLE: Team Lead, Campaign Manager Trainee Team

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grows. You leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate and persuade new customers to embrace Google's latest advertising products and technologies. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google- caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, understand the details of individual campaigns and persistently explore and uncover the business needs of key clients. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum qualifications BA/ BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of related experience. 2 years of experience focusing on campaign management. Preferred qualifications Demonstrated experience delivering exceptional business results through innovative thinking and building scaled solutions for customers. Deep understanding of emerging digital marketing trends and opportunities, competitive landscape and customer needs across various industry segments. Ability to lead Product and Solution best practice development and drive adoption with Campaign Managers. Ability to lead a team in challenging, complex and ambiguous environments. Ability to come up with great ideas and execute these in motivating, inspiring and nurturing a team to continually strive for high performance. Ability to communicate technically around products and solutions. Company Profile: Google India Private Limited Google India Private Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details