TITLE: Principal, Cybersecurity Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. rn Job Overview rnrn rnrnThis position is responsible for the definition, design, construction, testing and initial implementation of information security functions to secure CA's intellectual property, trademarks and brands to ensure availability of our systems, networks and applications for internal and external users. Assist with the development and implementation of security policies, procedures, guidelines and standards. Focus on the successful implementation of security solutions that optimize and improve the environment is required. rnrnWork on problems of diverse scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Demonstrate good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Spend minimal time on day- to- day security and more time on working with management to develop and implement security strategies and managing portions of security projects. rnrnWork is substantially complex, varied and regularly requires the selection and application of technical and detailed guidelines. Independent judgment is required to identify, select, and apply the most appropriate methods as well as interpret precedent. Regularly make recommendations to management on areas of significance to the department. Supervision received typically consists of providing direction on the more complex projects and new job duties and priorities. Compile and organize data and figures. rnrnDecisions are made with greater freedom and discretion, including recommendations that are subject to approval on matters that may affect multiple departments across CA. Frequently expected to recommend new solutions to problems, to improve existing methods/ procedures/ services and generate new ideas. May also review decisions made by other individuals on more routine matters. rnrnDecisions have moderate impact to the department or division, causing increased satisfaction or dissatisfaction; producing efficiencies or delays; promoting or inhibiting personal intellectual or professional development; and/ or contributing to financial gain or expense. Errors may be serious, usually not subject to direct verification or check, causing losses such as improper cost calculations, overpayment or improper utilization of labor, materials or equipment. Effect is usually confined to CA itself. rnrn Key Responsibilities rnrn rnrnrnt Gather requirements for information security and works with Information Security Architecture to incorporate changes into the IT Architecture. Work to design, construct, and test and implement information security best practices, controls and implementations.rnt Govern over security controls to ensure the prevention of malicious individuals from infiltrating company information or jeopardizing e- commerce programsrnt Involved in the definition and creation of information security policies.rnt Enforce security policies by taking action to remove violators from our systems and networks and by escalating to business mgmtrnt Expert level, coordinate and conduct vulnerability scans and penetration tests as required by the business and managementrnt Drive remediation up to senior management when security configuration or patching problems existrnt Define the configuration for the company's firewall policy and security configurations for routers and switchesrnt Define and enforce applicable encryption methodsrnt Expert level, research attempted efforts to compromise security protocols and provide feedback to managementrnt Govern various security solutions including but not limited to, web filtering technologies, proxies and firewalls, Identity Management, Access Control, Authentication and Authorization technologies, Vulnerability Management, Intrusion Detection, etc... rnt Through research, keep abreast of emerging security technologies and drive implementations of these technologies in CA's environmentrnt Oversee testing within security lab environments to examine functionality and effectiveness of various internal or third party solutions; drive vendor evaluationsrnt Drive and own CA's part of the product development lifecycle, ensure feedback to R&D is received and products improve due to recommendationsrnt Act as a champion for all IT Security Project implementation activities with varying counterparts within IT and the Business; seen as a leader and SME in this rolernt Work directly with senior leadership to ensure that all flaws within existing security solutions are remedied to an acceptable levelrnt Own and understand the IT security requirements of CA's customers and implement measures to satisfy those requirements in the most efficient mannerrnt Drive the IT Security requirements within the Enterprise Supplier Management to define what constitutes acceptable connectivity to the organizationrnt Guide junior engineering staff on how to properly detect and implement new automation solutions for manual controlsrnt Often work with IT Engineering counterparts to ensure critical integrations are occurring between security solutions and infrastructure solutions; most notably when CA integrations occur, work through R&D and patents should be pursuedrnt Define the appropriate level of monitoring, logging and alerting in all security solutions hosted internally or externally such that access controls are enforceable and compliant to business requirements and/ or regulationsrnt Build complimentary solutions that improve the effectiveness and reliability of existing or future IT Security solutionsrnt Define configurations for existing security solutions (GRC, DLP, Firewalls, Proxies, etc... ) rnt Evaluate network architecture and hardware/ software configurations for security vulnerabilities and work with Infrastructure Engineering counterparts to ensure complex upgrades can occur to reduce security risksrnt Provide innovation in security knowledge, practices, or procedures by testing and adopting new solutions and methods as part of your team goalsrnt Focus on the successful implementation of security solutions that optimize and improve the environmentrnt Correct all flaws within existing security solutions that are reportedrnt Accountable to deliver responses and actions for audit findings reported by internal and external auditing departmentsrnt Lead forensic investigations and Computer Security Incident Response by coordinating efforts between HR, Legal, Compliance, Global Security, etc... rnt Follow through with customer inquiries, requests and complaints with an extremely high level of professionalismrnt Handle all non- routine inquiries or requests as required; escalations should be minimalrnt Use non- standard practices and procedures to analyze situations or data from which answers may not be readily knowrnt Provide coaching to junior security staff and act as a role model / mentorrnt Goal and customer service focused. During times of emergencies, outages and project planned work; be on call and available until the event is addressed. During system conversions, extra effort may be required in order to ensure the roll out of the system is successful.rnt Perform other job- related duties as assigned and may assume the responsibilities from other security roles occasionallyrnrnrn Typical Role Definition rnrnSr Professional Staff. A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization. Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Complete understanding and wide application of principles, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. Strong competence with the various tools, procedures, programming languages used to accomplish the job. Usually works with minimal supervision, conferring with a supervisor on unusual matters. May be assisted by (and at times direct) less senior level employees. Requires daily decision- making capabilities and actions that may not be reviewed by superiors. Assignments are broad in nature and need ingenuity and originality to solve. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. May assist more junior staff members with aspects of their job. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. May play a role in high- level projects that have an impact on the company's future direction. rnrn Job- Specific Authority and Scope rnrnrnt Generally works without consulting their manager.rnt Independent decisions are made daily.rnt Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:rntrntt May provide occasional work guidance, technical advice and training to staff.rntrntrnt Typically has no direct reports.rnt Typically has no total staff.rnt Typically has a global geographic focus.rnt Typically does not manage a budget.rnrnrn Business Travel and Physical Demands rnrnBusiness travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. rnrnPhysical demands: rnrnrnt Office environment. No special physical demands required.rnrnrn Preferred Education rnrn rnrnBachelor's degree or global equivalent. Master Degree in related field is preferred. rnrn Work Experience rnrn rnrnTypically 7 or more years of related experience working within the Information Security discipline. rnrn Skills & Competencies rnrn rnrnrnt Use skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and company policies and procedures; resolve a wide range of issues in imaginative as well as practical ways.rnt Highly advanced understanding of role based access Security for Business Applications (i.e.: SAP, Hyperion, Salesforce.com, and others) rnt Highly advanced understanding of various web server technologies (IIS, Apache, Tomcat) and SSL certificate management solutionsrnt Advanced understanding of remote access technologies such as VDI, Juniper SSL VPN, and othersrnt Advanced understanding of Security Information and Event Management conceptsrnt Highly advanced understanding of wireless security solutions and protocolsrnt Advanced understanding of Firewall policy management and cisco router / switch security configurationsrnt Advanced understanding of Patch and Configuration management concepts and tools (MBSA, WSUS, Patch research and analysis) rnt Advanced understanding of regulatory controls and industry standard like SOX, ISO27000, PCI and SAS70 Type2rnt Highly advanced understanding of Access Management topics including but not limited to SAP Authorization Concepts, Business process, Segregation of duties review, and GRC toolsrnt Advanced understanding of programming and secure coding; Exploit Code reverse engineering knowledge is preferred.rnt Senior- level exposure to systems analysis, application development and database design.rnt Excellent Oral and Written Communication as well as the ability to interact effectively with peers and IT Mgmt.rnt Ability to coach and mentor junior staffrnt Highly advanced understanding of various operating systems and security configurations within (i.e.: AIX, Mainframe, Redhat, Solaris, Windows, Suse, Cisco IOS, Apple MacOS, Apple IOS, Google Android) rnt Advanced knowledge of IT Security Risk management practicesrnt Advanced understanding of Computer Networking Concepts / Solutions (i.e.: TCP/ IP, IPv6, Proxies, Switching, Routing, VPN Tunnels, DHCP, Subnets, VLAN's, Sniffers) rnt Advanced understanding of protocols that closely impact security (i.e.: HTTPS, LDAP, SAML, Web Services, SSH, SSL, RDP, NetBIOS, Routing Protocols, FTP/ SFTP, etc... ) rnt Advanced understanding of high level security concepts related to Cloud Computing, Web 2.0, Security Incident Response, Zero Trust Model, Enterprise Log Management, BCP/ DR, IT Audit and Awareness Trainingrnt Advanced understanding of Identity and Access Management concepts (Multifactor Authentication, Identity Management, Enterprise Directory / LDAP) rnt Highly advanced understanding of End Point Protection (i.e.: Host- based IDS/ IPS / Firewall, Anti- malware, End point hardening, NAC/ NAP) ; Direct experience with McAfee EPO preferredrnt Advanced understanding of computer forensics concepts and solutions (Access Data, Encase, Disc Imaging, eDiscovery) rnt Advanced understanding with ITIL practices such as Incident, Request, Change, and Access and Problems Mgmt.rnt Advanced understanding of Network- based Intrusion Detection / Prevention (Sourcefire, Snort, Signature Creation, etc...) rnt Advanced understanding of Vulnerability Management concepts and solutions (Denial of Service, Port Scanning, Finger- printing, remediation, Nessus/ NMAP) ; Direct experience with commercial great enterprise vulnerability management tool is preferredrnt Strong understanding and proven ability to build work breakdown structures, tasks and activity timelines.rnt Ability to effectively and pragmatically estimate activities and project activities and conform to delivery within time limits and budgets is critical to the success of this position.rnt Expert level skills utilizing Microsoft Office applicationsrnt Expert level analysis and problem solving skillsrnt Fully qualified, career- oriented, journey- level position.rnrnrn Certifications rnrn rnrnrnt Has completed all primary certifications in area of specialty. CISSP, ITIL v3, CCFE, CHFI or other forensics certification desired. rnrn rnrnIf you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. rn rn rnLearn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http:/ / ca.com/ careers rn rn rn Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. rn rn r Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details