TITLE: Technical Business Analyst (Planview)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.Facilitate discussions to help business anticipate future needs and opportunities 2.Lead and conduct assessments of processes and data to detail the business and user requirements; Lead authoring the user requirements document 3.Critically review and recommend changes to business processes 4.Actively engage with business and technical stakeholders. 5.Structure problem domain and drive define data, process, functional, and architectural requirements. 6.Collaborate with application architect and business lead and or application owner to investigate and define solutions that deliver business value 7.Actively participate in the creation of the functional specifications and design specifications, and consult on conceptual design reviews 8.Lead assessment of requirements for software upgrades version releases and ensure alignment with business processes or contribute to their evolution 9.Drive in the implementation of new enhanced solution. Ensure that the architecture satisfies defined performance, security, and availability parameters 10.Provide in- depth technical and business knowledge to ensure efficient design, programming configuration and implementation 11.A sound understanding of the key business activities domain. An ability to think about business processes outside of the technology context. 12.Experience in agile or hybrid SDLC. Good understanding of the IT Solution Delivery processes 13.Has a general understanding of the business forces operating on the enterprise business areas affected by the project, as well as its products, services, finances, and strategie Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education (minimum) : Bachelors degree in engineering or a life sciences disciple or relevant equivalent professional experience. Experience Professional requirement: Well rounded with a good mix of technical, business, and interpersonal skills Strong knowledge in at least one Business Domains and Technology Proficient skills in leadership, teamwork, collaboration, facilitation, negotiation, working in a matrix environment and conflict resolution. Working and Managing in cross- functional teams. A minimum of 10 of experience in IT, preferably 3- 5 years exposure to Pharmaceutical Industry Drug Development domain. Superior business analyst skills, preferably with experience in a small mid- sized pharma and or biotech. Experienced in creating and managing software products Excellent written and verbal communication, presentation skills, collaboration, facilitation and business partnership capabilities. Is able to distill complex technology topics and describe in an easy to understand way to various stakeholders. Proven experience in leading a product development project application team of 4 indirect reports. Is able to deep dive into technology and software where required. Proven ability to perform complex business analyses. Has broad understanding of external business environment and industry influences. Agile or Hybrid development methodologies experience with excellent understanding of the IT Solution Delivery processes Exhibits awareness of larger architectural and business drivers and adapts solutions accordingly while identifying change opportunities in the architectural and business drivers Active participant in Innovation network group, bring about innovative ideas, conduct innovation PoCs. Engage in external industry networks; bring in best practices from the industry to drive innovation Capability to think strategicall Company Profile: Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details