TITLE: Trade Operations Admin II

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose : Under necessary supervision, provides operational support for Trade Confirmation, settlement and deal with broker, custodian and traders for timely settlement of trades. Provide operation support for Derivatives instruments including matching of trades, margins and support collateral management. Exercises independent judgment while researching and resolving time critical and risk sensitive issues. Key Responsibilities / Duties: Match the trades between Invesco and Brokers and liaise with broker for unconfirmed & mismatch of trades. Research on discrepancies with trading desks, custodians and brokers to facilitate timely and accurate settlement of trades. Report and track fail trades with broker, custodian and communicate to appropriate Internal teams. Capture performance of Brokers related to confirmation and settlement of trade and produce Analysis report Proactively contribute ideas and participate in continuous improvement initiatives Process manual trades in Accounting systems as required Match the Derivatives trades like Futures, Swaps, and Options and raise discrepancies with appropriate internal parties and brokers. Match the margins with brokers and facilitate movement of margin between broker and custodians. Support Collateral Management process by matching the collaterals with broker and report excess/ deficit collateral. Maintain and update documentation on Trade Processing global operational procedures Perform User Acceptance Testing and rollout support on upgrade/ enhancement of applications used in the daily operation Maintain and update broker, custodian contact sheet and SSI Serve as a mentor to Trade Admin I and provide support / cover for Senior Trade Admin Working Conditions: Staggering shift work is required on a rotational basis and as defined by manager to provide global business coverage depending on project, assignment or daily trade activity Normal office environment with little exposure to noise, dust and temperatures. Rotating support coverage is required for international markets that are open during statutory holidays Participate in Business Recovery testing on an as- needed basis as defined by manager Work Experience / Knowledge: Sound knowledge of investment products globally is required Knowledge of Trade Life Cycle Must have a working knowledge of 2- 5 years of experience in Investment Industry A good understanding of the Derivatives Products (Futures, Swaps, Options) and the confirmation and settlement processes for these instruments Good knowledge of Fixed Income product and FI trade life cycle. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Interpersonal skills necessary to communicate effectively with a variety of individuals is required. Must show the ability to make quick decisions, establish priorities and concentrate on detailed information under pressure on a daily basis. This includes the ability to handle time critical situations while meeting rigorous deadlines. Must have the ability to analyze detailed numerical data. Attention to detail is critical. Must be adept in all Microsoft Office programs, with a special emphasis in Excel. Ability to cooperate in a team environment is critical. Must establish and maintain relationships with internal teams. Problem solving skills. Ability to actively participate in projects. Desire to learn new and complex financial instruments and processes. Willingness to participate in the development and enhancement processes and productivity. Formal Education: A Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Math or related field (or an equivalent combination of education, training, experience that would provide the knowledge, skills and ability required) Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details