TITLE: Engineering Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Engineer Manager - ?Finance Engineering ? ? Uber Finance Engineering is a high- performance culture marked by fearlessness and hyper- productivity. Were looking for a strong technical leader who can help identify the key open challenges, create a viable road- map and lead a team of world class software engineers to execute on solutions. ?You should be pumped about building a global transportation marketplace that spans a wide range of cities varying from 100, 000 to 10 million people in size with unique regulatory, technical, and business requirements. As a member of the mobile engineering management team, youll be instrumental in hiring and mentoring the engineers who work on new mobile features and experiences for our customers. ? WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR: Strong passion for the Indian Market. Because you love what you do, you bring infectious enthusiasm to all your endeavors. You always perform at your absolute best and see new challenges as an opportunity to contribute, make an impact, and grow. Engineering excellence. You have at least 8 years of industry experience in a variety of contexts, during which youve built insanely scalable, robust, and fault- tolerant systems. You have a solid knowledge of the whole web stack: front- end, back- end, databases, cache layer, HTTP protocol, TCP/ IP, Linux, CPU architecture, etc. Bias for action. You believe that speed and quality arent mutually exclusive. Youve shown good judgement about shipping as fast as possible while still making sure that products are built in a sustainable, responsible way and youre comfortable making mistakes, provided you learn from them. Mentorship/ Guidance. You know that the most important part of your job is setting the team up for success. Through mentoring, teaching, and reviewing, you help other engineers make sound architectural decisions, improve their code quality, and get out of their comfort zone. Commitment. Cities never sleep, and neither does Uber. You care tremendously about keeping the Uber experience consistent for users and strive to make any issues invisible to riders. You are your harshest critic and hold yourself personally accountable, jumping in and taking ownership of problems that might not even be in your teams scope. Hiring prowess. Youre a strong interviewer who constantly raises the bar for excellence. You believe that what seems amazing one day becomes the norm the next day, and that each new hire should significantly improve the team. Design and business vision. You help your team understand requirements beyond the written word. Even in the absence of a PM or a designer, you show great attention to the design and product aspect of anything your team ships. PERKS: Employees receive free and discounted Uber rides. The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. Were not just another social web app, were moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally. Sharp, motivated co- workers in a fun office environment. BENEFITS Gym reimbursement Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it. We're bringing Uber to every major city in India. We need brains and passion to make it happen and to make it happen in style. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: uber uber Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details