TITLE: Package Solution Consultant: Sap.is Retail

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Assists clients in the selection, implementation, and support of SAP IS Retail. This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and packaged solution expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into the clients business environment in order to achieve client expected business results with IS Retail. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Assists clients in the selection, implementation, and support of SAP IS Retail. This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and packaged solution expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into the clients business environment in order to achieve client expected business results with IS Retail. Preferred Technical and Professional Experience Assists clients in the selection, implementation, and support of SAP IS Retail. This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and packaged solution expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into the clients business environment in order to achieve client expected business results with IS Retail. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IBM India Pvt. Limited IBM has been present in India since 1992. IBM India's solutions and services span all major industries including financial services, healthcare, government, automotive, telecommunications and education, among others. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, IBM helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances. IBM has been expanding its footprint in India - and has a presence in over 200 cities and towns across the country - either directly or through its strong business partner network. IBM India has clearly established itself as one of the leaders in the Indian Information Technology (IT) Industry - and continues to transform itself to align with global markets and geographies to grow this leadership position. Widely recognised as an employer of choice, IBM holds numerous awards for its industry-leading employment practices and policies. The diversity and breadth of the entire IBM portfolio of research, consulting, solutions, services, systems and software, uniquely distinguishes IBM India from other companies in the industry. To know more about business units at IBM India, click on the "About Us" link above. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details