TITLE: Receptionist & Telephone Operator(female Only)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Receptionist- Front Office Job Duties: Welcomes visitors by greeting them, in person or on the telephone; answering or referring inquiries. To Manage Front Desk and handle all Office Administration Responsibilities Proficient in handling the EPBAX Handling calls and also ability to handle the call management functions smoothly. Maintain Extreme confidentiality in day to day business activity. Remain vigilant to possible risks. Represent the Firm in a professional way, in person, on the phone, and via electronic communications Directs visitors by maintaining employee and department directories; giving instructions. Maintains security by following procedures; monitoring logbook, register for various activities. Maintains safe and clean reception area by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations. Maintains continuity among work teams by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs. Provide administrative services. Perform other related duties as required. Candidate who can join immediately only need apply. Kindly mention your current ctc and expectation Timings:9.30 am - 6.30 pm(six days a week) Candidates with administrative and HR experience will be an added advantage. Fluent in English speaking well versed with computers with all application, emails, data entry etc. Education Qualification Any Graduation Degree/Non Graduate Experience: 2-6 years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KL University The Koneru Lakshmaiah Charities was established as a trust in the year 1980 with its official address at Museum road, Governorpet, Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh - 520 002 and started KL College of Engineering in the Academic year 1980-81. The trust was converted into a Society by the name Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation in the year 1996. The KL College of Engineering has attained autonomous status in the year 2006 and in February 2009, the Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation Society was recognized as Deemed to be University. In short Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation is named as K L University. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details