TITLE: Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Management/Leaders hip Skills Coach the team throughout the project lifecycle. Oversee development to ensure quality and standards. Work with client and program managers to ensure schedule is on time/on target. Communicate effectively with technical teams and business owners. Successfully mitigate any conflicts that may arise within the team. Act as a career manager and mentor for direct reports. Deep knowledge of SDLC methodologies, specifically including Agile/XP. Technical Skills Expert-level knowledge in Web 2.0 technologies including AJAX, Social Networking site authentication/authorization, widget development, Mobile and emerging digital interfaces. Expert-lev el knowledge of object-oriented design concepts, various frameworks, data storage implementations and enterprise design patterns. Advanced knowledge of programming languages such as APS .NET with C#, Java or PHP. Experience in rich interactive technologies such as Flash with action script, Silverlight and WPF is a plus. In-depth knowledge of industry best practices such as Service Oriented Architectures and design/ Able to provide comprehensive answers to development, infrastructure, deployment and capacity planning. Define the architecture of the solution for which they are responsible. Identify and define integration points with third party solutions. Define the tools & technologies used to implement the solution. Work with vendor services to provide elements related to technology selection and implementation. Perform problem analysis, identifying root causes, outlining resolution options and taking appropriate actions to resolve problems. Analyze business requirements to determine feasibility. Business Focus Act as the primary technical contact on a project for internal and client teams. Translate business strategy into technical vision and strategy. Analyze and document technical requirements based on clientrsquos expectations. Understa nd customer and market trends by following emerging technologies. Particip ate in Business Development opportunities. Evaluate technical requirements to estimate time and cost of the project. Understand business goals and strategy. Qualifications: 7-10 years of project experience performing software development, including at least 2-3 years of project experience architecting applications, with the following expertise: Leadership: Excellent team building and leadership skills. Excellent communication skills. Highly self-directed. Able to multitask given incomplete and conflicting knowledge. Expertise in building and deploying rich interactive application. Experience with Agile development methodology is a must Web Application Architecture: Expert knowledge of the domain. E-commerce: Expert knowledge of the domain and of major e-commerce packages. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alhamdulillah Interactive Software Solutions Alhamdulillah Interactive Software Solutions Private Limited(AISS Pvt. Ltd.) is a software company that works to make our customers\' imaginations in to reality in a flexible environment and technology. We focus on secure, scalable, expandable and reliable business systems. Through our cost effective, high quality and reliable software services, we serve our clients giving them value for their investment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details