TITLE: Lead SAP

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Team Lead you will be expected to lead teams in the implementation of Winshuttle solutions on customer projects. You should be an expert in all Winshuttle products and should provide guidance and support to the team as and when required. You should be self- motivated and inspire others in the team in completing their tasks and achieving the team goals. You should be a quick learner and you will be responsible for being creative and relentless in finding solutions to the problems/ issues raised by our customers. You are expected to maintain good relationships within the team and provide an effective partnership with customers during solution delivery. You will be expected to be a role model in the team. Initiates action - is results oriented, takes responsibility for actions and outcomes. Meets commitments and strives for high performance. Manages the workload - makes timely decisions, prioritises effectively, solves problems, monitors results and takes remedial action where necessary. Technically proficient - knows role and has a solid familiarity with tasks and responsibilities. Takes responsibility for own learning - knows personal strengths and recognizes development needs. Is open to feedback and always seek to learn. Communicates ideas - proposes a way forward. Listens to views of colleagues and takes in diverse perspectives. Works collaboratively - shares information, fosters teamwork and contributes to positive work environment where people want to come to work. Receptive to change - is flexible. Seeks and adopts improved approaches and processes. Display ethical character and competence - acts with integrity and intent, is accountable for own actions, behaves according to the company values. Act as a good citizen of Winshuttle. Knowledge Required Skills Basic understanding and experience with SAP is required. Fundamental knowledge of Business Process Management software (Workflow) Fundamental knowledge of MS InfoPath or any other software application for designing, distributing, filling and submitting electronic forms containing structured data Basic understanding of Cloud computing and storing solutions online. Experience with Formulas and data validations in Excel Basic understanding of HTML, XML and Web Services concepts. Basic understanding of Database DMLs and ERD Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle and Agile Software Development Methodology Ability to work independently and within a team and to manage multiple projects concurrently Proven ability to effectively communicate with customers Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Access, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint preferred Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Ability to translate technical information into easy to understand language for customers Ability to read and interpret technical information Ability to compose clear and concise technical written communication Excellent management, planning, and organizational skills Entrepreneurial, self- motivated individual - high energy, high activity levels - passion for working with an innovative, small but rapidly growing product company Desired Skills Functional experience using, training, or consulting on SAP (any modules) . Fundamental knowledge in SharePoint 2010 or 2013. Experience with JavaScript/ JQuery and Excel Macros. Experience in writing and understanding Regular Expressions for Form Validations. Hand- on experience with databases like MS SQL. Experience in working with SAP BAPIrsquoS and GUI script recording. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Winshuttle Software (India) Pvt. Ltd. Winshuttle Software (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details