TITLE: Senior Software Engineer (ESTG)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It's our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves. rnWe are currently looking for a Senior Software Engineer/ Software Engineer to join our BI COE Team at our Hyderabad office. you will be responsible for responsible for creating, testing, ensuring the quality of and maintaining a product or family of products/ solution. Provide moderately complex code modification, testing and debugging tasks. Perform analysis related to software design and development and solve problems. rnrn rnrn Key Responsibilities rnrnrnt Should be very good at Core Javarnt Strong command over SQL Database.rnt Good Problem solving skillsrnt Good knowledge on Build Process and Build toolsrnt Good Analytical ability.rnrnrnExperience should be in between 2 - 7 Years. rnrnShould be a graduate from a recognised college. rnrn rnrnTeamCA. rn rnrnIf you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. rn rn rnLearn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http: / / ca.com/ careers rn rn rn Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employee. We will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly. rn rn r Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CA Technologies CA Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details