TITLE: SEO Lead

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an SEO Lead with 4+ years of experience, who will be working closely with the Digital Marketing Team. Roles and Responsibilities: Conduct keyword research and selection for pay-per-click campaigns and SEO projects. Create grammatically correct meta data and copy targeted at both humans and search engine bots Analyze websites and document changes required for SEO. Monitor, on an on-going basis, SEO results and requirements and manage projects to ensure continued high rankings. Provide ongoing support of all SEO initiatives including reporting, analysis and optimization recommendations. Proactively make strategic PPC campaign recommendations. Utilize bid management tools and data modeling to maximize the effectiveness of PPC campaigns. Monitor campaign results, analyze key metrics, and optimize click-through and conversion rates. Optimize landing pages for search engine quality score with the kind of copy/ content on the website or the landing page. Web development understanding (for inserting meta tags, etc.) is an added advantage. Good English (written communication) is a requirement. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Optimisation /SEO Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Next Education India Pvt. Ltd. Next Education is a highly technology-driven company revolutionizing the education system in India. Over the years, we have created ground-breaking products that make learning and teaching easier, engaging and effective. Next Education empowers schools with technology based K-12 solutions which impact over 70 lakh students across 7000+ schools across India. Established in 2007, Next Education India Pvt. Ltd has made a name for itself in the technology enabled education industry. The management consists of IIT, IIM, LBS alumni and has a very young, vibrant and energetic workforce. We have over 1900 employees. Next Education is an end-to-end school education solution provider encompassing varied products across the spectrum such as TeachNext: A digital classroom solution, NextLabs: A hands-on learning solution for Science, Mathematics, English and Robotics, NextERP: A school management solution, LearnNext: A self-learning tool and NextBooks. For more details please visit www.nexteducation.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details