TITLE: Asp.net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Let us know if you can work for us, on this prestigious project. This is next generation product, is an ecommerce engine for a vertical space, using all the latest and greatest tools, technologies and architecture. We will be competing with some of the industry leading ecommerce engines like Volusion , BigCommerce and Shopify . You will be part of this team which will be creating that product, it will be an intense few months but equally entertaining and challenging. There is a requirement where you can either stay here and be part of the product team or you will be sent to US and will be working out of the client location for the rest of the period. This is a very long term project and we are looking forward for some talented and committed resources. Required Skills and Experience Bachelor acutes Degree or Masteracutes Degree, Computer Science is an added advantage. 2 to 5 years of web-based application experience on Microsoft platform Strong problem solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset Should have at least worked in one project using ASP.NET MVC 4.0 Ability to communicate technical issues or project details with Software Development Manager Ability to multi-task, prioritize and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Proven understanding of the SDLC Desired Skills and Experience Should have at least worked in one project as Architect using ASP.NET MVC 4.0 Programming experience in HTML5/ CSS3/ jQuery (with MVC at client side, object oriented Java scripting), jQuery, Knockout.js, Backbone.js Entity Framework, Web API, LINQ are added advantages 2- 5 yrs. with development of successful software products. The lesser experience it is better because he would have worked on the new technologies. Ability to communicate technical issues or project details with Software Development Manager Strong problem solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset Ability to multi-task, prioritize and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Asp.net Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Landmark IT Solutions The World Wide Web has blessed the high-tech mankind with a technological plus cultural revolution with a prodigious dexterity to interact and learn at rapid race. With every sunrise, billions of users wake up to access the web for varied purposes be it e-mail, research, video streaming, doing business or social interaction. They are well-versed in judging an organization\'s credibility through its quality of content, usability and of course appearance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details