TITLE: Senior Salesforce Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop Salesforce solutions, leveraging Force.com sites, Apex coding, and other technologies. Leverage experience with web services and the cloud to build integration points between Salesforce and back- end systems. This includes the development of triggers, WSDLrsquos and XML SOAP Messages to be consumed by the Enterprise Service Bus. Assist with the design of Salesforce solutions and project planning. Add value in all stages of project work (definition, development, deployment) . Provide day to day administrative duties on Salesforce using features like but not limited to, Roles, Profiles, Sharing rules, Sharing Model etc. Build a deep technical understanding of how the business operates - departmental structure, functions, processes, procedures and current application functionality Work in partnership with key business users, identify potential ways of improving the efficiency and/ or effectiveness of current business operations Development of specified solutions in accordance with approved specifications Adhere to established standards and procedures, including configuration management, coding, testing and documentation standards Test activities - test script preparation, test data preparation, test execution Ongoing maintenance of systems technical documentation Preparation of user documentation Deployment planning, testing and execution. Understanding of Automated Deployment tools/ Version Control system is highly preferred. Ensure that business change requirements of project implementation are highlighted to all stakeholders Assisting the business with change management planning and implementation Qualifications / Requirements The ideal candidate will have: At least 5 years of successful experience with Salesforce.com. (Sales & Service Cloud) Salesforce.com Certified Developer - DEV401 and DEV501 (Apex and Visual Force Advanced Developer) . Visual Force, Apex, Trigger and experience. Strong object oriented programming experience Experience with integrating with an Enterprise Service Bus. The ability to effectively work independently and as part of a team providing direction and mentorship to others as needed. Bachelor's degree in Technology (MBA preferred) Ability to travel as business needs require Demonstrated project discipline and experience. Must be organized, focused, and driven toward established deliverable dates. Must be able to design solutions and form/ drive related plans. Excellent verbal and written English communication skills. Demonstrated proficiency in technical writing is required. Having been on- site in USA would be an added bonus. Additional Knowledge of sales techniques and past experience of CRM preferred Knowledge of Web based development standards / services and networking techniques Knowledge of: JavaScript JQuery JQuery Mobile HTML5 CSS BML (Big Machines Language) Mobile Application Platforms (iOS5 / Android) API, Custom SF.com Web Services, SOAP and REST web services Experience with integrating SF.com with middleware, Big Machines (CPQ) & Cloud based commissioning applications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Delta Technology and Management Services Delta Technology and Management Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details