TITLE: City Manager

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of the role: This role is responsible for spearheading and leading the Evangelist program in the cities assigned. Key Responsibilities: i.Responsible for achieving the targets around Evangelist enrollment, Paid & Free consumer additions & Revenue ii.Responsible for Evangelist network development by: -Leveraging college students & house-wives segment -Identifying, recommending, and developing new channels with innovative approaches to achieve the targets. -Identify & Trial Lead Generators. E.g. Clothes iron shops, Newspaper vendors, Milkman -Deliver the Evangelist Relationship program iii.Responsible for sharing learning with the organization for highest delivery performance iv.Responsible for delivery of all people processes and team management -Responsible for enrollment of the right talent as Evangelists -Responsible for training the Evangelists -Responsible for identifying the high & low performing Evangelists and supporting them suitably -Responsible for the performance evaluation of the team -Responsible for the people routines and also team motivation v.Responsible for working closely with other departments for any collaboration required to increase productivity Convert Prospects to Evangelist as below: -Prospects to Leads -Leads to Hot Leads -Hot Leads to Finalists -Finalists to Evangelists Reporting performance & Learning to JD stakeholders. E.g. Central Delivery Head as per standard templates Skills and Work Experience required: -Should have prior experience in leading a sales team -Strong Communication Skills (written and oral) -Skill in developing and maintaining effective working relationships -Dealing with Ambiguity -Leadership Skills (Team Driving, Creating Passion, Training ) -Objection handling -Judgment and Decision Making Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Regional Manager Keyskills team management generators dealing iv maintaining objection handling responsible network development performance strong communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Just Dial Justdial Ltd is India\'s No.1 Local Search Engine Company. Its offices are present in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Ahmedabad, Coimbatore, Jaipur and Chandigarh. The company has employee strength of approximately 8000 employees. The company offers its services all over India and the USA and has it\'s presence on Phone, Web, WAP, SMS and Mobile. The company provides a good work environment with immense growth opportunities. It also offers benefits like Gratuity, Mediclaim, ESIC etc. For more information about the company you can visit the \'About Us\' page of this website Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details