TITLE: Asst manager sales & marketing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibility - Innovative marketing programs that drive demand. Attention to detail and an eye for quality, along with the ability to grasp and translate technical capabilities into benefits is crucial. 1. Develop product positioning and messaging that differentiates your products in the market 2. Sales enablement - communicate the value proposition of the products to the sales team and develop the sales tools that support the selling process of your products 3. Product launch - plan the launch of new products and releases and manage the cross-functional implementation of the plan 4. Market intelligence - be the expert on your buyers, how they buy and their buying criteria; be the expert on your competition and how to crush them 5. Demand generation - develop the strategy and manage the marketing programs that drive demand for your products 6. Relentless, strong minded, committed sales professional 7. Will be responsible for achieving monthly and annual targets 8. Will be responsible for customerrsquos retention 9. Well aware of RFP documentation 10. To identify and create business opportunities in industry verticals 11. Development of new markets for business based on formulation & implementation of Strategies. 12. Collating feedback from customers to recommend improvement 13. Market intelligence and competitor activity tracking Education Qualification - BE / B.Tech with MBA and Knowledge of the our domain would be an added advantage Experience - 6 Years of software product marketing experience. Skills required 1. Very strong written communication skills 2. Will to travel 25% 3. Excellent people and management skills to interact with staff, colleagues and cross-functional teams, and third parties 4. Interpersonal skills 5. Project Management 6. Partner / Vendor & Customer Relationship Management 7. Proactive 8. Sales Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Asst manager sales & marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sankhya Infotech Limited Sankhya Infotech is a leading provider of simulation and training solutions. Our commitment is to help corporate organizations and institutions with a robust end-end enterprise wide training solution. We provide targeted training solutions and consultancy services to meet the organizational objectives and business needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details