TITLE: Hiring for Sharepoint Developer for one of our Client

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TechMinfy..! We are immediately hiring for SharePoint Developer with 3yrs 8yrs of Experience for Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad location Job Description : Sound knowledge in SharePoint 2010, SP Designer. & 2013 Publishing features on SP 2010 and Capabilities Proof of concepts development, for upcoming projects that are proposed by the client. Support & operational site maintenance SharePoint troubleshooting Provide weekly updates to the supervisor and program management team on the status of projects or open production issues. Work closely with the customer training team and content strategy team to keep them apprised of various Proof of Concepts and Evaluation of SharePoint products, next version of SharePoint. Provide training to certain divisions of the business about the new features, benefits and capabilities of the new enhanced applications. Work with user experience designers to improve various processes or user experience behaviors by providing high level design. Experience writing business requirements, use cases, user acceptance testing scripts, etc. on web/intranet related projects Should be able to communicate technical information into Business language to engage business users Microsoft SharePoint certification is a plus If you're looking for job change and interested for this opening Please do revert with your updated resume & the following details to fix the interview appointment. 1.Total Experience 2.Relevant experience 3.Notice period 4.Current CTC 5.Expected CTC 6.Reason for Job change 7.Any offer in hand (yes/No) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MINFY TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED, Minfy Technologies is IT consulting & software Development Company specializing in Cloud enablement, Mobile Consulting, App Development. An award winning company with accreditation from PC World for Technology adoption. Minfy is an AWS Consulting Partner founded in 1999, providing software services to fortune 500 clients with start of art software development centre head quartered in Hyderabad. Minfy technology competency includes Microsoft, Sun, Oracle and emerging technologies like Big data etc., Minfy has a dedicated team of 150+ Employees working on domains like Banking, Insurance, Retail, Education, Airlines etc., Listed in Bombay Stock Exchange, ISO Certified process. For more information about us: http://techminfy.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details