TITLE: Business Operations Specialist (Japanese)

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon.com is looking for a smart, enthusiastic, hard- working, and creative candidate to join the Marketplace Business Operations team as a Business Operations Specialist. This position offers an exciting introduction to the Amazon Marketplace and provides a training ground for success. You will primarily be responsible for driving increased data quality and solving challenging operational business goals. You will utilize data and develop creative processes to improve your teams performance. You will directly work with product management and tech teams to develop scale- able, long- term solutions which will have a significant impact on Marketplace teams. He/ She will be the single point of contact to resolve German language specific queries. Are you up for the challenge Our environment is fast- paced, and requires someone who is a self- starter, detail- oriented, analytical, and comfortable working with multiple teams, partners, and management. The candidate should have a track record of delivering results, experience processing large amount of data and report generation & management. The candidate should be clear and use data to drive their communication with stakeholders. The candidate should be able to resolve issues with reduced guidance. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Japanese N3/ L3 or above with excellent proficiency in writing, comprehending and making highly accurate judgements basis multiple sources of text Bachelors degree (preferably in Computer Science or Business) and 0 to 3 years of relevant working experience Advanced computer literacy in Microsoft Office applications, especially MS Excel Excellent analytical, problem solving and logical reasoning skills Passion for innovation, automation and operational excellence Excellent communication skills in written and oral English with the ability to face external and internal partners in a professional and mature manner Interest in e- Commerce/ Online business Desire to work in a fast- paced, challenging environment and passion for delivering great customer experience Attention to detail and high capability to work on different projects in parallel Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of XML feeds, SQL and Data Analysis Ability to write macros in MS Excel aimed at improving processes Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details