TITLE: ETL Informatica - Developer/analyst - Hyderabad - 6 to 8 Years

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this One of our prestigious client in Hyderabad is in urgent need of ETL Informatice - Developer/Analyst who can work closely with a dynamic international team to analyze business processes and design and configure solutions. You will participate in global projects, gather requirements, recommend solutions and code and configure them. Scope of Work: Ideal candidate should have 6 to 8 years of experience as analyst and developer in data warehousing and business intelligence projects. The candidate should have focused knowledge and experience of at least 6 years in Informatica PowerCenter, Oracle Database, SAP Business Objects and any scheduler and automation tools. Good communication skills with the ability to interact with multicultural teams in an onsite-offshore model. Responsibilities Create/enhance logical and physical dimensional data models Convert functional specifications into designs, create artifacts in Database, ETL and Reporting layers Create test plans, test cases and perform system and integration tests Job scheduling and monitoring. Automation via scripting (shell scripts, python and etc) and tools Provide maintenance support for data marts, handle defects, change requests and new projects Perform data analysis tasks, create ad hoc reports, and support any data extraction requests from Business Support tool upgrade testing and any preventive maintenance and monitoring activities Use internal tools and processes to effectively capture/log/update details, communicate with Business Users and produce reports and metrics Interact with onsite teams on a daily basis to get updated information on timelines, project related activities, business process knowledge, designs and etc. Need Details: MUST HAVE Full Name (As per Records) Mobile Number (Primary & Secondary) Best Time Email ID: (Primary & Secondary) (2) DOB (MUST) Highest Educational Qualification: Total Exp Relevant Exp Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period: Current Location: Relocation (Preferences: Passport Number: MUST (If Yes) Marital Status: Highest Education & Certifications (If Any): Visa Status/Expiry: (If Any) Mothers Name: (MUST) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kaizen SRA Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Kaizen SRA Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details