TITLE: Project manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KEY PURPOSE Project Manager with development and domain knowledge in insurance. Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/ vendors Successfully manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders Actively track all product related functionalities till closure within committed timelines and ensure defect free deployment in production. Strong Insurance domain experience with development and design in life insurance industry Strong knowledge and experience in end to end implementation in Policy Administration System (PAS) and their functionality. Prior exposure to business process improvement projects will be added advantage Should have worked on policy admin system preferably OIPA or any other PAS widely used in the industry. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Solid technical background with understanding and/ or hands- on experience in OIPA development and configuration. Ensure that all projects are delivered on- time, within scope and within budget. Drive the First Time Right culture within the team and ensure defect free and timely delivery of project. Work with internal customers across business streams to ensure that applications are designed and developed as per the approved requirements. Participate/ Help drive quality initiatives with different business user groups, resulting in clear process improvement. Should possess very strong communication and presentation skills Ensure that the changes brought in are in line with overall architecture model. Work closely with teams and develop functional knowledge for specific business areas under analysis. Good organizational skills including attention to detail and multi- tasking skills Profile Degree in commerce/ computer science and/ or qualification in Insurance required. Extensive related work experience demonstrating progressive levels of domain support in life insurance companies Experience 10 years. Very good life insurance domain knowledge and experience in Life insurance industry is a must. Support project experience is mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Client Of IQuest Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Client Of IQuest Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details