TITLE: Senior Quality Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this If yoursquore eager to make an impact in the Testing Domain and have a proven track record of excellence, we have projects waiting for you! You will be part of a team of very talented Quality professionals who perform various types of testing, using black box testing techniques & work collaboratively with development during all stages of projects to provide in- process testing results. Integration of SAP with the .NET platform is Winshuttlersquos USP. Initiates action - is results oriented, takes responsibility for actions and outcomes. Meets commitments and strives for high performance. Manages the workload - makes timely decisions, prioritises effectively, solves problems, monitors results and takes remedial action where necessary. Technically proficient - knows role and has a solid familiarity with tasks and responsibilities. Takes responsibility for own learning - knows personal strengths and recognizes development needs. Is open to feedback and always seek to learn. Communicates ideas - proposes a way forward. Listens to views of colleagues and takes in diverse perspectives. Works collaboratively - shares information, fosters teamwork and contributes to positive work environment where people want to come to work. Receptive to change - is flexible. Seeks and adopts improved approaches and processes. Display ethical character and competence - acts with integrity and intent, is accountable for own actions, behaves according to the company values. Act as a good citizen of Winshuttle. Knowledge Exposure to black box testing techniques Excellent problem solving, analytical and logical thinking skills Exposure to writing, planning and executing test cases Knowledge of automation framework and implementation Knowledge of Agile and the Defect Life Cycle Knowledge of any Object Oriented Programming language Excellent communication skills in spoken and written English Good team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Winshuttle Software (India) Pvt. Ltd. Winshuttle Software (India) Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details