TITLE: Sr.associate - ERP Support

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently hiring for the position of "Sr.Associate" for ERP Support Team. Roles and Responsibilities: Co-ordinating for implementation of ERP Following up on the progress and providing implementation support to schools, over call and email. To liaise with clients and internal teams, ensuring all requirements are gathered and confirmation of timely delivery to the clients. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Next Education India Pvt. Ltd. Next Education is a highly technology-driven company revolutionizing the education system in India. Over the years, we have created ground-breaking products that make learning and teaching easier, engaging and effective. Next Education empowers schools with technology based K-12 solutions which impact over 70 lakh students across 7000+ schools across India. Established in 2007, Next Education India Pvt. Ltd has made a name for itself in the technology enabled education industry. The management consists of IIT, IIM, LBS alumni and has a very young, vibrant and energetic workforce. We have over 1900 employees. Next Education is an end-to-end school education solution provider encompassing varied products across the spectrum such as TeachNext: A digital classroom solution, NextLabs: A hands-on learning solution for Science, Mathematics, English and Robotics, NextERP: A school management solution, LearnNext: A self-learning tool and NextBooks. For more details please visit www.nexteducation.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details