TITLE: .Net Experts

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Sir/Mam Greeting of the day! Hope you are doing well. We have multiple positions with our Prestigious MNC Client for Technical Lead.Net for Hyderabad. Would you like to apply for Technical Lead.Net for Hyderabad with our Prestigious MNC. Kindly email your detailed resume asap at alka@careertrackers.in Company: A very Prestigious MNC Role: Technical Lead .net Exp: 6-9 years Job Location: Hyderabad Package: Best in the Industry Nature of job: Permanent & Fulltime Number of Positions: Multiple Expertise Required: C#, .Net framework stack, WCF, API, Angular JS e.t.c Please Share Mandatory Details for Further Processing. 1. Full Name (No Abbreviations) : 2. Email ID: 3. Mobile : 4. Date of Birth (dd-mm-yyyy )format only: 5. Current Organization: 6 .Total Experience: 7. Relevant Experience .net 8. Current CTC (Fixed & Variable both): 9. Expected CTC (in figure): 10. Notice Period (earliest you could join): 11. Open for Hyderabad: 12.Current location: 13.Qualification : % scored in each a)Graduation : % scored: Start & Completion Year: Degree name & University: b)PG : % scored Start & Completion Year: Degree name & University: Job Description : Responsibilities Responsible for the design, development, testing and documenting of .Net applications Developing, supporting and integrating a variety of financial and airline operations systems. Must be a self-starter, able to work independently and as part of team. Efficiently manage time for timely project deadlines as well as ad hoc requests. Design and development of new modules and enhancements Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices Adhere to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget Analyze and resolve technical and application problems Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Required Skills 6+ years of experience in development utilizing the Microsoft .NET stack and .Net Framework 4+ years of experience developing WCF and/or Web API web services 4+ years of experience developing responsive MVC web applications which utilize web services for data integration Must be highly experienced with HTML5, JSON, XML, JQuery , Angular JS,RWD & CSS including the Bootstrap Framework Must be highly experienced in T-SQL, C#, and JavaScript Must have an in depth understanding of relational database design Should have extensive experience with the software development life cycle and the processes surrounding it Must have the proven ability to build code which conforms to a specified architecture that can be easily reused and well understood by other developers 4+ years of professional experience working on both web and mobile applications. Should be able to QA and document own code Strong communication skills are essential Proficient with Microsoft .NET 4.5+ development using C# Expert knowledge of MS SQL Server and deep experience developing queries, UDFs, SPROCs, etc. Nice to have experience on any client side frameworks like Angular JS/Backbone/Knockout Nice to have experience in Mobility Strong communication skills with both internal team members and external business stakeholders Experience in Azure cloud development & deployment. Thanks & Regards, Shivani & Alka Career Trackers & Consulting 07060339051 alka@careertrackers.in You can connect us on LinkedIn neeta@careertrackers.in, alka@careertrackers.in http://www.careertrackers.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Career Trackers and Consulting Our Client is a global leader in providing integrated technology and operations-based solutions, headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey. Our Prestigious Client is an IT services company operates in North America, Asia, Europe, Japan and Australia, providing technology consultancy and services. The firm has over 70 offices and customer delivery centers in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details