TITLE: Argus - Safety System Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary Oracle Argus Technical Consultant will work with IT management and other functional groups to design, configure, implement and administer the Argus Safety suite. He/she must have excellent written and oral communication skills, and be able to work, collaborate and coordinate between technical and non-technical people within the company. Principal Responsibilities: (Essential Function) Establish and maintain a strong understanding of the Argus Safety Suite along with related products, and develop this specialization across the team. Strong experience in the design, configuration and implementation of Argus Safety coupled with the ability to trouble shoot and diagnose issues as they arise. Ability to work with a diverse range of client requirements across Argus Safety and interact with the client to ensure their needs are fully understood and implemented within the system. Strategic thinking should be developed further through regular liaison and training with Oracle, in partnership with our Channel Partner Manager, and other vendors who provide complimentary technology services. Be the advocate for Argus Systems, leading thinking on how we can provide greater value added to our clients through strategic or tactical developments e.g. communications, integration and metrics. Build good relationships across the Client Service Team and with our external clients, through participating in regular meetings and discussion. Strive to develop a strong understanding of client needs and challenges as it relates to the Argus suite. Actively partner with Business Development in the sales cycle, providing Safety Systems consulting to maximize the impact that Sentrx has on potential clients. Provide detailed analysis of the Argus Safety Suite strategies (technical & financial) and in partnership with your IT peers use this to shape and develop the Technology Roadmap Process Lead the development and definition of the Statement of Work governing a client project. Oversee all aspects of configuration, qualification and validation. Oversee all aspects of the project in terms of technical, financial, risk management, control documents, resources and timing, and provide regular reports into the PMO Governance process Metrics are produced; analyzed and reported to all stakeholders, which provide monitoring and confirmation of ongoing compliance with performance, functionality and regulatory criteria. Any client, audit or quality requests are dealt with quickly and professionally. Seek periodic feedback from clients (internal and external (as appropriate)) along with proactively monitoring any issues and problems to determine overall satisfaction with the quality of the project. Options for enhancement / replacement are assessed on an ongoing basis and brought to managements attention for potential inclusion in the Technology Road Map All of the above should drive project improvement. Analyze trends and implement recommendations that will result in improved client satisfaction, service delivery, staff productivity and quality Job Requirements All deliverables must meet the predefined functionality, quality and timing. All such deliverables and outputs from within the Argus Systems team are within your responsibility and as such should be endorsed by you. Ensure that all deliverables are processed in accordance with the Telerx SOPs and Working Practices and that all project tasks are consistently met in accordance with internal service level goals, client service level agreements (SLAs) and contractual commitments. Conduct a project closeout review and collect and document feedback from the project stakeholders about the general project performance to drive continuous improvement Proactively support the project post-implementation, ensuring that requests, risks and issues are dealt with on a timely basis. Education: Bachelor degree. Can work with US / UK work shifts Experience Experience in an Argus development environment preferably with Data Migration / Analytics exposure Involvement in E2B / Reporting desirable. Knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry preferred Client facing experience is strongly desired Good management and analytical skills Good communication, organizational, motivational and leadership skills Proven track record of installation, configuration, monitoring, tuning and troubleshooting of Argus systems Skills: Excellent oral and written communication skills. Excellent organizational skills. Strong customer service focus. Strong working knowledge of Oracle Argus Suite Ability to work in teams. Strong conceptual understanding of Oracle Argus technologies. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: C3i Support Services Private Limited C3i Healthcare Connections, a division of Telerx, is an industry-leading business process outsourcer specializing in the multi-channel engagement of patients, healthcare professionals and enterprise personnel via a network of global contact centers.Our unique customer-centric approach has made us the partner of choice for some of the world's most trusted brands. In this ever-changing healthcare climate, our integrated solutions give our clients a unique advantage.We deliver the ultimate experience you, your partners and your consumers care about. Because we know the experience matters. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details