TITLE: Sr. Fundamental Analyst

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Commodity Fundamental Analysts are required to support Commodity Consulting Services at TransGraph. Commodity Consulting Services at TransGraph are aimed to serve various corporate houses that are exposed to price risk in the commodity segment and deliver wholesome tangible business value to them. - Helping the RM to form price outlook backed up with strong analytics. - Team research agenda - Delivering and monitoring the reports on time. - Improving the depth of research and quality of content in reports. - Industry best report formats. - Auditing price forecasting accuracy. - Participating in client conference calls - Presenting the Medium term / Special reports to clients over web or in- person Developing white papers - Participate in Weekly team meetings with EM on price outlook - Daily report reading before sending to the clients - Plan & take up field / industry trips - Bringing out research innovations - Bringing new research methodologies - Developing market intelligence network - Ensuring the team to maintain the good database - Identify and Propose related subscription services to RMDesired Profile: - Any networking capabilities are considered as added advantage. - Experienced on similar roles with any of the following functional areas Consulting firms, Research organizations, Funds, Banks, Commodity Boards, Industry Boards, Research arms of Commercial organizations. - Understanding of commodity markets preferably derivatives. - Understanding the supply- demand dynamics of commodities and their influence on the price. - Independent call taking capability. - Excellent in fundamental, econometric analysis, using excel and statistical softwares - Independent capability of doing entire price driver analysis, commodity profiling. - Excellent skill in managing field based projects. - Knowledge in basic statistical techniques is desirable. - Should be a good team player & have good reporting skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TransGraph Consulting Pvt.Ltd TransGraph Consulting Pvt.Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details