TITLE: Sr. Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Education, Skills & Interests: Working experience on . Net, C#, ASP. Net, SQL Server, . Net 3. 5 and above, WCF. JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX web programming Store procedures, Complex database queries Deep expertise / Very Strong in Web Services/WCF. Must be good in working with Data driven applications. Working knowledge on XML and Web Services related technologies. Object Oriented Programming, Database and . Net Concepts. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline-driven environment. Ability to balance multiple demands and work both independently and as part of a team. Key Responsibilities As a Senior Developer, you are responsible for development of a complex ecommerce project module. Participate in regular scrum meetings Involve in requirements, contribute to architecture design and discussions You should have good experience in application of standard software development principles. You should be able to work as an independent team member, capable of applying judgment to plan and execute your tasks. You should be able to respond to technical queries / requests from team members and customers. You should be able to coach, guide and mentor junior members in the team Experience: 5 - 9 years [Full Time] Qualification: Bachelors / Masters in IT Must be flexible and adaptable to changing business models and Organization structures. Excellent project management skills with the ability to multi-task delegate and prioritize tasks. Professionalism in dealing with all levels of management and staff. Flexible with a service orientated attitude to work and willing to be on-call as and when required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills service dealing software development module xml javascript sql server professionalism ajax be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reasoning Global eApplications Pvt. Ltd MartJack is a digital commerce solution provided by Reasoning Global eApplications Pvt Ltd (Reasoning). Reasoning was established in 2007 with a vision to enable E-Commerce ecosystem by providing world class digital commerce solutions to retail businesses across India and other emerging markets. Today Reasoning is a leading provider of digital commerce solutions and services in India and Middle East. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details