TITLE: IT & SYSTEMS

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: Involved in Knowledge Transfer for the complete transaction from client. Providing L2, L3 support for all Technical issues on client Servers. Maintaining the Anti Virus Servers of client. Responsibility to interact with Client and Vendors for all Technical issues. Handled the System Engineering Team in highly professional environment , responsible for maintaining Windows 2003 Active Directory Domain Infrastructure. Migration of Windows NT domain to Windows 2003 project including moving all the Servers, Desktops, Printers from NT domain to 2003 Domain. Hardware and OS configuration of Servers - Like RAID configuration and OS Installation. Configured Servers like AD, DNS, File, Backup and Print Servers in new environment. Created Global and Local Groups, Login IDs using the scripts and assigning the permissions on groups as per the company policy. Creation of Sites and managing the Replication as per the company needs. Management of Exchange 2003 Server. Creation and deletion of mailboxes, Adding the IDs into different Distribution Lists. Solely Prepared and Implemented Back Up, Restoration and Disaster Recovery Policies. Regular Back Up and restoration of data on servers through VERITAS backup tool. Managed user rights and permission according to the company policy. Managed Antivirus Server (Symantec Anti Virus) . Managed Web Sense Server Server Hardware Management (HP Servers) and Storage Management. Preventative maintenance of Servers. To provide high- end technical support on Windows environment based systems and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through prompt solution for their problems. Responsible for handling the Video Conferencing Set up. Managing user rights and permission according to the company policy Back Up and Restoration of Data. Provide training support to internal employees and ensuring satisfactory resolution of their queries. Responsibility to interact with vendors for all IT related issue. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aliens Group Aliens Group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details