TITLE: Certified Medical Coder

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB Openings for a Fortune 100 Company!! JOB description:- Research and resolution of coding projects as assigned. 1.Perform ongoing analysis of medical record charts for the appropriate coding compliance. 2.Coder is responsible for meeting daily production goal of 6 charts per hour. 3.Coder is responsible for meeting quality coding goal of averaging 95% accuracy rate on a monthly basis. 4.Attend conference calls as necessary to provide Specific Measurements of Performance:- Quality audits are conducted monthly on 10% of all charts coded per coder.- Production is monitored weekly/monthly to ensure coders are being productive. Desired Profile:- 1.Certified Fresher and Experienced can apply. 2.Experience into HCC coding or any Specialty coding is preferred.- All coding candidates must have current coding certifications; must provide proof of certification with valid certification identification number- Must be certified through AAPC or AHIMA.- Certifications accepted include CPC, CCS, CCA.Critical Skills Required:- -Excellent organization and problem-solving skills required. - Strong oral and written communication skills required. - Ability to use independent judgment and to manage and impart confidential information. - Advanced knowledge of medical coding and billing systems and regulatory requirements. - Advanced knowledge of auditing concepts and principles. Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Launchio Consulting We are the most preferred consultant for various Fortune 100 companies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details