TITLE: Informatica Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and responsibilities: Provide Subject Matter Expertise in Informatica MDM, PowerCenter (9.x) , Power Exchange (Salesforce, Oracle EBS etc.) , IDD and Data Quality. Expertise in installing, configuring and upgrading Informatica MDM, PowerCenter (9.x) and other related components (like PowerExchange connectors, IDQ, IDD, Address Doctor etc.) on Linux environment (HA configuration) . Ensure the integrity, availability, reliability, security, and performance of Informatica platforms, tools, and services. Troubleshoot issues related to databases, job failures, software bugs and performance bottlenecks to all incidents working with multiple cross functional teams like DBA, Unix Server Administrator, Informatica Global Support and work on problems and drive them to resolutions. Be able to proactively monitor the overall system (executing daily health check reports - job execution stats, volume processed, execution times, IO times taken etc.) and take appropriate actions to improve the overall health of the system. Strong ability to troubleshoot performance and configuration related issues including connectivity issues due to firewalls, load balancers etc. Day to day administration activities - manage users, groups, privileges, roles and permissions, folder creation and management, domain management tasks (including backup and restore) , configuring DB connections etc. Strong understanding of Oracle RAC environment and Oracle databases, schemas, table structures, data models etc. Experienced with code promotion - migration of ETL objects from lower environment to production. Good understanding of performing administration tasks via UNIX Shell scripts and command- line utilities etc. Capacity planning, management and on- going monitoring (e.g. CPU, Memory, etc.) to proactively increase capacity as needed. Plan and build roadmaps for the future of the Informatica data integration platform and influence IT with the latest Informatica products, best practices and improve the overall state of Informatica. Supporting the development teams as needed. Good understanding of data mapping, data validation, data manipulation, data analysis use cases. Provide detailed documentation and maintain an Informatica knowledge base repository Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA, Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Evoke Technologies Pvt Ltd Evoke Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details