TITLE: Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The ASP.Net tech lead will be leading one or many module leads and engineers, especially working on a marketing automation, lead generation CRM product for a multi-billion industry. Seeking a seasoned technical lead with strong proficiency in the ASP.NET platform. Candidates must have both implementation experience and broad knowledge of the ASP.NET platform. He or she will be building the next generation applications that use the latest and greatest frameworks. The technical lead will be well-versed in the various components and APIs that make up the ASP.NET platform. The tech lead will work on project engagements, provide technical mentoring to team members, and actively participate in architecture reviews and strategic development activities. The .NET tech lead will make sure that programming code is without flaw and applications are compatible with new and previous technologies. The ASP.NET tech lead is responsible for creating and maintaining models and artifacts that depict and illustrate the components and layers of technology as part of an overall platform and application designed to be used in conjunction with user experience (UX) designs and business requirements produced by Business Analysts. EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION: Should have at least worked in one project as Architect using ASP.NET MVC 4.0 6 - 10 yrs. with development of successful software products. The lesser experience it is better because he would have worked on the new technologies. TECHNOLOGY SKILLS AND STRENGTHS: Expert - Microsoft ASP.NET Framework. Expert - Programming languages C, C# 3.0/4.0/4.5 Expert - Microsoft Server Platforms IIS, Windows Server and other MS Technologies like SSRS, SQL Server. Expert - Development tools - Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio and others. Expert in ASP.Net 3.5 and 4.0, MVC, MVVM, LINQ, Ajax, JSON. Expert in HTML5/ CSS3/ jQuery (with MVC at client side, object oriented Java scripting), jQuery, Knockout.js, Backbone.js. Experienc ed - Microsoft Visio (for modeling and design work). Expert - SOLID design principles and Use Case design. Experienced - Waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodologies. Expert- Service Oriented Architecture .XML, Web Services, WCF, WF, WPF, WEB API, oData. Expert- ORM Tools like Entity Frameworks, nHibernate Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Lead all aspects of developing the IT technical architecture, architecture process, frameworks and best practices, as well as oversee the technology integration function to ensure technical alignment across business applications, data management, server, storage, and network platform environments. Research and track emerging technology to develop business solutions and applications. Collabor ate, define and maintain effective and efficient development processes, including but not limited to: coding standards, design philosophy, testing methodology, usage of design patterns, UI standards, development and coding tools and procedures Creates and reviews architecture documents, design documents, code, and test plans. Builds prototypes and/or assists developers with coding If you have a B1 visa - the more preferable it is but technical strength comes first priority. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Landmark IT Solutions The World Wide Web has blessed the high-tech mankind with a technological plus cultural revolution with a prodigious dexterity to interact and learn at rapid race. With every sunrise, billions of users wake up to access the web for varied purposes be it e-mail, research, video streaming, doing business or social interaction. They are well-versed in judging an organization\'s credibility through its quality of content, usability and of course appearance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details