TITLE: Lead Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Title: Senior Software Engineer, JAVA/J2EE Location: Bangalore Responsibilities: Participate in Design and Development of new features in the product. Must be able to analyze business issues and technical problems independently, and come up with smart, logical solutions. Should have Strong problem solving capability. Design and develop enterprise class applications using Java/J2EE, XML and Database related technologies. Be able to contribute as strong hands-on technical member in project development activities. Participate in Product releases through requirement reviews, development, deployment, setting up environments; documenting release notes and technical details regarding functionality and configuration. Responsible for Quality of the code. Review test plans with QA & drive the code reviews within the team. Should be able to execute assigned tasks in a timely & efficient manner. Develop strong expertise in at least one more modules within the product. Effectively communicate status, metrics and issues on a regular basis. Mentor junior engineers and guide them with their assignments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java J2Ee XML Database Software Engineering Code Review Project Development Design Development Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Knowledge and Skills: Strong hands-on experience with one or many J2EE application/web servers (Apache/JBoss/Tomcat/WebLogic) including configuration, deploying and debugging. Strong hands-on experience in coding and debugging J2EE applications. Key requirement is an ability to quickly learn and stay current with new technologies. Hands experience on the UI technologies like JavaScript, HTML, JQuery Strong hands on experience on writing complex SQL queries(Oracle/MySQL) Strong hands on experience on Spring Framework. Strong hands on experience on REST Services Strong hands on experience on JPA Good exposure to Data Structures and algorithms Working knowledge on the Design patterns. Good exposure to unit testing using JUnit Framework Ability to work in a high-paced dynamic environment with broad level requirements, deadlines, pressures etc. Working knowledge of Linux/Solaris environments Working knowledge on the tuning of the SQL Queries Must have experience with Version Control systems preferably GIT Need to have excellent team orientation skills. Good Communication Skills required. Highly motivated, a Go-Getter who needs no supervision. Understanding of the large scale server side deployment architecture. Exposure to server clusters and scalability issues is a plus. Prior experience being part of a product development team is a big plus. Exposure to performance tuning & resolving production issues in previous engagements is a plus Exposure to working on high volume data driven applications will be a plus. Must be familiar with configuration management and build/release planning & management (ANT/Maven etc) Experience in AngularJS UI framework will be a plus. Experience in Mongo Database will be a plus. Experience in R-Programming will be a plus. Should be able to elaborate and show mastery on the technologies that have been mentioned in the resume against project completed in their current/previous roles of other organizations. Should have ability to understand the use case of Open Source and how to adapt them with their pros and cons. Establishing a use case of open source for a specific need in earlier project is a big plus. Working knowledge on any cloud platform will be a plus. Working knowledge on any Big data technologies like Hadoop will be a plus Working knowledge on any reporting framework will be a plus. Working knowledge on any ETL tools will be a plus. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details