TITLE: SQL Server Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Provide technical guidance and support in the areas of server and applications architecture, systems design and integration, specialized code deployments, and Internet/ Intranet deployment. Ability to work independently and complete assigned project responsibilities under limited supervision. Technical solution design and delivery, application deployments, application operations and troubleshooting issues. Extensive systems administration experience on the Windows Server platform, including the following technologies: SQL Server Administration, SQL Clustering, SQL DB Encryption and recovery, SQL DB tuning, Application High- Availability, Visual Studio experience, web infrastructure and operations including IP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP. Candidate should be knowledgeable of load balancing principles, firewall rules, failover, as well as experience in monitoring, diagnostics, etc. Experience in architecting Microsoft Internet/ Intranet solutions, SQL migrations, query writing, ability to understand and perform limited custom coding for different solutions. Possess high aptitude for problem- solving and trouble- shooting. Knowledge of requirements and tools for application, database and server security and mitigate risks for audit points. Prepares detailed system deployment documentation and operations manuals. Installs and configures application software for various project teams meeting project deadlines. Ability to asses needs, make recommendations and perform installs/ upgrades of application software as required. Works closely with client/ application architects, senior managers, system engineering peers and Project managers to design and assist with the implementation of the solutions infrastructure related components. Ability to work under pressure while meeting project deadlines. Backup and restore databases between multiple environments and locations Requirements: Minimum 4years of experience in SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 SQL Server Reporting Services SQL Cluster Configurations and implementation required. Experience in .NET Framework 2.0 - 4.5, IIS, MTS, COM, DCOM, Microsoft DTS and SSIS packages required. Administration of Microsoft Server OS 2003, 2008, 2012 required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Gyan Web Solutions Pvt Ltd. Gyan Web Solutions Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details