TITLE: Sr. Software Engineer (.Net)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Includes: 1. Being a Team player and adhering to project schedule. 2. Writing code enhancements and supporting existing code as per the requirements. 3. Ensuring code is properly commented and follows project coding standards. 4. Ability to design, document, code and implement solutions based on best practices. Specialized in analytical and coding skills. 5. Must have the ability to work independently on projects. 6. Performing complex product design, systems analysis and programming activities which will require research. 7. Working Closely with Onshore Team and Testing Team. Minimum Requirements: Experience in development of web/Product based Application. Technical Expertise on ASP.NET, VB.NET, MS SQL 2008/2012, HTML, JavaScript, VBScript, Visual Basic, Visual Studio 2010, C#, CSS, jQuery, SSRS, Design Pattern, MVC, and UML, Microsoft Team System (TFS), .net entity framework. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Sr. Software Engineer (.Net) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Launchship Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd Launchship Technology solutions is specialized in Software development, Software Testing, Mobile Application development, Marketing solutions and IT Enabled services. Established in 2011, we have been pioneers in offering services to clients with the best advanced solutions with cost effective solutions worldwide. Our team consists of the best available talent which enables us to be instrumental in being the driving force in various technical, management, development and offshore departments. Collaborative and transparent process, client\'s focus and on-time delivery has been the key areas which have been appreciated by our existing clients. These attributes combined with quality policies and high maintenance standards; make us one of the powerful partners to partner with. Delivering clientele what was promised and living upto the expectations of the partners has increased our presence in the market among wide spectrum of clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details