TITLE: Sales & Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Responsibilities: 1. Ascertain the quality of concrete by taking concrete trials on site and in lab 2. Adjust mix design as per site conditions. 3. Provide knowledge based and sustainable solutions to the construction industry 4. Promote quality construction materials and chemicals 5. Provide service and quality assurance to customers to ensure superior quality and customer satisfaction Desired Candidate Profile: 1. Experience in Ready Mix Concrete (RMC) manufacturing Company or Concrete Lab is a must. 2. Experience in preparing Concrete Mix Designs and taking Concrete Trials is a must 2. Experience in preparing Concrete Mix Designs and taking Concrete Trials is a must 4. Good Communication & interpersonal skills. Minimum years of experience: 1 - 5 Years Educational Qualifications: Bachelor of Engineering in Civil or Chemical, or Diploma in Civil or Chemical Engineering, or B. Sc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills quality assurance service diploma quality interpersonal skills mix experience concrete business development executive b sc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sunanda Specialty Coatings Pvt. Ltd. Sunanda Specialty Coatings Pvt. Ltd. (SSCPL) is the flagship company of the Sunanda Group. Thirty Five years ago, in 1979, the need to start this company to manufacture construction chemicals was felt by the promoters of SUNANDA. They had a vision to manufacture the best and most innovative construction chemicals in India, which could be successfully used worldwide. Contractors, direct consumers, builders and developers were very happy to use these products that assured them guaranteed success in their projects and endeavors. These satisfied customers strongly recommended SUNANDAS products to others and as a result the company has grown by a great extent over the past 32 years. The most user-friendly products, excellent pre-sales technical guidance coupled with post-sale technical support, and confidence of the users/applicators that we have solutions to any type of construction related problems through the use of SUNANDA products, have always given us an added advantage. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details