TITLE: Training Consultant (SAP Fiori/ui5) for Hyderabad GDC

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Innovapptive is the SAP Mobility product based organisation. Hiring for Training Consultant position. Please find the below job description. Job Summary: To handle In-house/Corporate/Online training on SAP Fiori/SAP UI5 modules, Conduct demo/seminar/ workshops as and when required Learn the latest technologies and deliver training Ability to create training material, catalogs & help marketing team. Should be willing to travel to onsite to deliver the training Closely work with training coordinator and technical teams to provide quality training to customers Skill Sets: 3-5 years implementation experience Min 3 years of implementation experience in SAP UI5 Development with OData Integrations. Experience in SAP Fiori is very big plus Expert knowledge in consuming REST and SOAP web services. 3+ years of working experience in designing and developing rich UI. 3+ years of experience in HTML5, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, CSS3 development experience. 3+ Years of experience in HTML, JavaScript and XML Knowledge on SAP Mobility Technical training exposure with IT companies is a plus Excellent communication, presentation and inter-personal skills Good at documentation and must be detail oriented Must have the passion to teach and train individuals and groups Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovapptive Global Solutions Pvt Ltd Innovapptive's proven SAP Mobile Solutions for some of the world's largest Global 2000 companies is a testament to our capability of creating a compelling and powerful partnership with your enterprise to achieve rapid mobilization. The team at Innovapptive brings a unique blend of SAP Mobile Products, business process acumen, SAP Consulting experiences, and Mobile Technology experts to help your enterprise accelerate your mobile journey. We are committed to providing exceptional and cost effective SAP Mobile Products and Services to our customers to meet their strategic vision and goals around mobilizing their enterprise. This commitment has cemented Innovapptive's position as a dominant global leader within the SAP Mobility space. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details