TITLE: Sr Fund Tax Accountant

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose (Job Summary) : The primary responsibilities of the Tax Reclaim Analyst will be to complete country specific tax documentation for funds to be able to enjoy treaty tax rates at source and/ or reclaim taxes paid on dividends covered by tax treaties. as well as coordinated power of attorney documentation to allow sub custodians to collect on the funds behalf. In addition to filling out these country specific documents the candidate will log forms filed, create and maintain metrics surrounding forms, maintain a historic database of documents, work closely with regional representatives and with custodial representatives. The candidate will also work to clear the backlog of forms that have yet to be filed. The candidate will also log issues in reclaims to help create a country specific database for use. The candidate will have strong administrative skills. Key Responsibilities / Duties : Ensure that reclaims are filed timely; create a calendar based on fund holdings. Create and maintained metrics for management reporting. Work closely with regional representatives of the funds. Liaisons with sub- custodian, tax advisor and tax authorities as needed Maintain historical documentation. Create country specific data on foreign tax reclaims. Clear backlog of forms on file. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Work Experience / Knowledge: 4 years of experience with federal tax treatment of securities and taxation of mutual funds is preferred Ability to build strong relationships by communicating, influencing and negotiating effectively with senior stakeholders, project team and technical experts across global teams. Excellent financial, accounting and tax knowledge. Experience with drafting, implementing and monitoring policies and procedures Proficiency in tax research is required Experience in training staff through class room sessions. Able to establish priorities, meet deadlines, and concentrate on detailed information in a fast- paced demanding work environment. A flexible, positive and creative individual with excellent customer focus and open mind. Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Excellent verbal and written skills Must be able to multi task different initiatives at once, take direction well, and strong follow through skills needed. Ability to work effectively in a team environment. Ability to follow set procedures. Formal Education: PG in accounting or finance with taxation courses. Financial services industry related certifications. Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details