TITLE: Job Opening for Ad Operations (programmatic Buying and Team Lead)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We have openings for Ad operations: 1. Programmatic Buying for Ad operations 2. Team Lead for Ad operations We are looking for only experienced Male Candidates in the same domain. These positions are completely for Night Shift - USA Market . Interested Experienced candidates can contact us on this number:Â Mobile: 9886652876; Land line: 080- 46430999 Extension: 208. Experience Required: More than 3+ years in Ad operations who must be knowing End to End Trafficking and client facing. Roles and Responsibilities of Programmatic Buying: In this role, the analyst will be a key contributor to our growing Ad Operations team. The Campaign Optimization role will be responsible for testing, implementing, and tracking online and mobile ad campaigns in DBM, AppNexus & Brighrol ad server. The ideal candidate will be focused, detail oriented, accountable, and can bring an ownership mentality to the table. Traffic online and mobile ad campaigns/creative in DBM, AppNexus & Brightroll ad servers. Perform the day-to-day ad placement, scheduling and updates to the client, including rich media ad placements. Test and troubleshoot the creative to ensure adherence to specifications and proper tracking. Monitor campaigns to ensure full delivery and troubleshoot delivery discrepancies (between first party and third party). Proactively manage bidding (spend smartly) and ensure that the client get more margin. Should have proven knowledge on the campaign optimization techniques (daily pacing, identifying fraud sites and creating black list, creating white list with the best performing sites, controlling frequency capping & bidding.etc). Systematically design, implement and document effective campaign management strategies (for CPM,CPA, CPC & CPCV based campaigns) while identifying and analysing opportunities for campaign improvement. Troubleshoot targeting issues, resolve any traffic issues and reconcile discrepancies. Interact with internal as well as external clients including but not limited to coordination and consultation to ensure a successful advertising campaign. Should have basic knowledge on HTML and Javascript. Assist the team by identifying process improvements and efficiencies. Should be strong knowledge on all the functions of Programmatic trafficking. Roles and Responsibilities of Team Lead: Good Ad Trafficking, Online Business Development, good analytical and problem -solving abilities. Should be the owner of trainings and knowledge transfer sessions. Create an environment oriented to trust, open communication, creative thinking, and cohesive team effort. Provide the team with a vision of the project objectives. Motivate and inspire team members. Lead by setting a good example (role model) - behaviour consistent with words. Q management, updating the tickets in Google doc and sending the status emails to the client on pending tickets, confirmation tickets and closed tickets. Create and update the process docs, will share with the team for any new changes in the process. Handels all the client queries (process related) Responsible for QA process.Â Provide any training that the team members need. Communicate clear instructions to team members. Monitor the team members' participation to ensure the training he providing is being put into use, and also to see if any additional training is needed Manage the flow of day-to-day work. Maintains internal and external error trackers. Maintains time trackers, ensure that the team is updating correct numbers and on time. Will attend the client calls and keep the data ready. Leave management. Creates the training plan for new jonnies. Escalate issues which cannot be resolved by the team. Provide guidance to the team based on management direction. Coordinates meetings. Work with functional managers to obtain necessary resources to support the team's requirements. Help keep the team focused and on track. Maintain healthy group dynamics. Responsible for uniform distribution of volumes within the team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/ Mgr-Online/Digital Marketing Keyskills Ad Operations Team Leading Night Shift Programmatic Buying Ad trafficking Quality Analysis Client servicing Campaign Management Campaign Optimization Troubleshooting Team management Online Digital Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Treble Clef Technology Services Private Limited RESPONSIVE MEDIA TECH SERVICES is an online media technology services company based in New York, with its Operations hub in Bangalore. Responsive operates as a back-office for online media publishers, advertising networks, digital agencies and online marketers around the globe, especially media companies in the US, UK, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region, mainly Australia. Our services include ad operations, creative, reporting, search marketing, email production and web design & development. Our operations hub in Bangalore operates around the clock as our teams work during the clients' business hours. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details