TITLE: Assistant/ Deputy Manager Purchase

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Ensuring uninterrupted supply of raw materials and other inputs for maintaining continuity in production. 2.Creation of purchase orders in SAP. Procurement for Imported/ Indigenous Raw Materials, Biologics material, Solvents & Packing Materials, Lab Chemicals as per purchase requisition and production plan shared by various user departments.Â 3. Ensuring compliance to the corporate and procurement policies of the organization. Understanding guidelines and policies laid down by regulatory, taxation and commercial departments. Most importantly, Understanding of environmental laws and country specific regulations on procurement and transportation of Raw Materials, Chemicals and Hazardous Substances. 4. Managing vendor negotiations, creation of rate contracts, achieving price targets and maintaining standard pricing structure for Raw Material, Biology related material, Intermediates and other categories. 5.Timely delivery of materials as per agreed timelines / SLAs (Service Level Agreements). Achieving SLA rating of >98% for Raw Materials and Packing Materials. 6.New Vendor Development for cost reduction and de-risking of single source items. Sourcing of New Products/ Intermediates / APIs for Research & Development from domestic and overseas markets. 7.Coordinating with Production, Finance, QA (Quality Assurance),QC (Quality Control) and other functions to determine necessity of various procurement activities like vendor development, vendor evaluation, vendor audit etc. 8. Managing vendor relationship at global level. Active coordination with the vendors for cost effective supply of quality material within specific time period. 9.Coordinate with C&F (Clearing and Forwarding) Agents for on time clearance and transportation of material. 10. Gathering market intelligence on Raw Material and Packing Materials, Vendor evaluation, market analysis and bench marking data for pricing decisions. 11. Submission of monthly reports reflecting procurement health (SLA summary, vendor development, sourcing projects, spend analysis, top vendors, contract buying, savings against standard price etc) Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills QA Quality Control Quality Assurance Procurement Purchase Requisition QC Vendor Audit Sourcing Production Planning Raw Material Enzymes Desired Candidate Profile 1. Candidate should have a work experience in API / Formulations / Injectable / Biologics Industry.2. Preferably 2-5 years of experience in Enzyme sourcing for Biopharma Industry. Â 2. Ability of Understand the Regulatory Environment for Generics Business3. Good organizational skills, planning and the ability to multitask is a plus and experience in working with diverse cultures in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Bio-Chemistry/Bio-Technology, Biomedical, Chemical, B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Microbiology, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Biocon Limited Biocon is an integrated biotechnology enterprise focused on the development of biopharmaceuticals. With successful initiatives in drug discovery and development, bioprocessing, manufacturing and global marketing, Biocon delivers products and solutions to partners and customers in over 75 countries. Biocon has the defining science, world class capabilities and a focused vision to deliver the promise of innovative and affordable medicine to a waiting world. Today, Biocon together with group companies employs more than 5000 employees with approxmimately Rs 2500 crore turnover and is expected to grow further during the current financial year . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details