TITLE: Lead Data Engineer - Commercial Analytics

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose As a data engineer in the Marketing and Commercial Analytics team you will enable the creation of market insights for Aviation product managers, drive improvements in sales processes through data insights, and generate market intel from disparate data sources in Aviation and across the industry. Essential Responsibilities As a Sr Data Engineer, you will be part of a data engineering or cross-disciplinary team on, typically involving disparate, complex data sets. These teams typically include marketers, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, Sales specialists and end users, working in concert to deliver market insights, sales plans and product analysis. Potential application areas include long range airline industry forecasts, pricing analysis, sales process insights, and commercial executive metrics. Finds and interprets data sources, manages large amounts of data, merges data sources together and ensures consistency of data-sets. Creates visualizations, and communicates insights/findings in simplified way. Exhibit understanding of commercial business domain. Leads / participates on cross-functional Agile teams to deliver solutions for the commercial teams. Acts as advisor and coach to junior team members. Presents to senior leaders (EB. SEB. VP and to cross-functional teams on how technology solutions benefit the business. Tools utilized will include, but are not limited to, TM1, Spotfire, WAVE, Boomi , Informatica and Rally. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills Lead Data Engineer Analytics Data Engineer data analysis Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college (or a high school diploma / GED with at least 4 years of experience in Information Technology). Minimum of 3 additional years of experience in Data and Analytics.Desired Characteristics1 year of experience with IBM TM1 development2-3 years of experience in data transformation including (but not limited to) such tools as Informatica, Talend, Boomi.Strong oral and written communication skills.Strong interpersonal and leadership skills.Ability to influence others and lead small teams.Lead initiatives of moderate scope and impact. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details