TITLE: Academic Training Manager

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We hiring for Academic Trainers with good teaching background. Have thorough product and domain knowledge Conduct product demos Conduct training in schools Generate content for the products as well as online portal Provide support to school on content, implementation in class Audit school usage Provide measures to school to improve product usage Talk to school management to explain implementation details Aid school in activities such as Science day, math day etc. Create case study of top usage schools in a region Populate the feedback pipeline for product enhancements and new product development Mandatory Teachers with 4 to 10 years of experience, aged between 23 to 35. Should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Should have a flair for public speaking 4. Should be an expert in at least one subject out Maths, Science and English, Pre Primary. Be willing to travel in the region allocated- extensively. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:School Teacher Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Next Education India Pvt. Ltd. Next Education is a highly technology-driven company revolutionizing the education system in India. Over the years, we have created ground-breaking products that make learning and teaching easier, engaging and effective. Next Education empowers schools with technology based K-12 solutions which impact over 70 lakh students across 7000+ schools across India. Established in 2007, Next Education India Pvt. Ltd has made a name for itself in the technology enabled education industry. The management consists of IIT, IIM, LBS alumni and has a very young, vibrant and energetic workforce. We have over 1900 employees. Next Education is an end-to-end school education solution provider encompassing varied products across the spectrum such as TeachNext: A digital classroom solution, NextLabs: A hands-on learning solution for Science, Mathematics, English and Robotics, NextERP: A school management solution, LearnNext: A self-learning tool and NextBooks. For more details please visit www.nexteducation.in Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details