TITLE: Senior Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SUMMARY: The Senior Business Analyst draws upon advanced application and business process knowledge. The Senior Analyst reviews, analyzes and evaluates business processes and systems to develop a detailed understanding of business needs and the fulfillment of those needs. The Senior Analyst will design, implement, and modify business processes and associated custom or Oracle applications. The Senior Analyst is a subject matter expert responsible for collaboration with business personnel regarding process change opportunities and for troubleshooting and resolving systems production problems, gathering business requirements and ensuring that systems production issues are minimal after implementation of new enhancements, changes or upgrades. Many activities the Analyst works on are project related. The analyst will participate actively in major projects as a subject matter expert in key modules and business processes and may be asked to lead subject areas of a project team or small project initiatives. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Provide day to day support and troubleshooting of user and application problems within a specific business area. Provide functional and technical expertise within an assigned business area in the analysis, design, development and implementation of business processes and applications. Participate in new product reviews, tests and pilots. Document system functions and cross functional processes. Provide consulting support on processes and systems issues. Collect, document and analyze business requirements and functional specifications. Identify operational inefficiencies, conflicting business practices and integration issues. Apply judgment and consulting skills to arrive at the optimal solution. Integrate project activities with Quality Assurance and Software Development teams to ensure successful implementation and support of projects. Foster and maintain productive relationships with internal teams and business partners. Support training and education of business partners regarding new applications, business processes, and systems support processes. Develop test strategy and author test plans as required for application releases, enhancements and patches. Conduct gap analysis and write / maintain functional specifications for new or modified business processes. Maintain all project tasks through the production ticket system and resource management systems on a weekly basis. Keep Project Manager informed of any issues. Create or assist with the creation and execution of test scripts to ensure that production issues are minimal after implementation of new enhancements, changes or upgrades. Manage small project initiatives and enhancements as needed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required QUALIFICATIONS: Conceptual knowledge of information technologies and methodologies Knowledge of project management techniques is required, cross functional experience is strongly preferred Excellent organizational skills and strong problem solving skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Strong staff mentoring and development skills Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office suite and Visio Detail oriented, able to multitask and meet deadlines Self- directed, able to work in a team and independently with minimal direction Understanding of relational databases and query tools Ability to learn new applications (Oracle and non- Oracle) Ability to understand business concepts and evaluate the impact of business changes on systems The incumbent must be flexible as there may be workweeks that require more than 40 hours to ensure the positions expectations and responsibilities are met. Available to travel international in support of business need and project activities. Ability to work as a team and collaborate in a group. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Accounting, or Finance. Minimum 3 years professional experience in business analysis, application design, implementation, support or as a super user or auditor in an online environment Support the maintenance of Oracle ERP Systems. Experience in Financial Services or Investment Management industries preferred Required Skills : Direct experience in 3 or more of the following: Oracle Financial Suite Modules R12 Accounts Receivables (AR) , Accounts Payable (AP) , and General Ledger (GL) , Sub Ledger Accounting (SLA) , Project Costing, Project Accounting, or Tax and Order to Cash Accounting Operations Financial Close, Consolidation, General Ledger Accounting Financial Planning, Forecasting, Analysis Exposure to SQL , PL/ SQL Intermediate. Desired Skills Third Party software like Markview , Account Fees, BWise, Blackline Oracle Business Intelligence Applications (CLARITY / HYPERION) Oracle SCM Module ( Purchasing, INV, OM) Knowledge of Oracle table structures, API's. Working Conditions Normally works a regular schedule of hours, however hours may vary depending upon the project or assignment. Hours will include occasional evenings and/ or weekends. Willingness to travel both domestically and internationally. Frequency and duration to be determined by manager Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details