TITLE: Manager - Transformation

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identify and manage process transformation opportunities within the Procurement Domain in the Global Service Centre and lead process improvement initiatives to deliver tangible business results. Apply Six Sigma, LEAN and other process improvement methodologies. Identify and manage transformation projects within the procurement domain Manage the Lean Six Sigma program by involving all stakeholders of the process (es) . Support teams to define improvement projects and goals inline with Organization/ Business goals Manages improvement project (s) and provide solutions. Ensure adequate collaboration among cross- functional teams for implementation of improvement projects Create the roadmap, define standards for processes involved and ensure adequate risk mitigation strategies are deployed for the program Ensure that the overall program structure and processes enable the project and track teams to successfully complete their work and integrate deliverables into the program's end product, service, results, and/ or benefits. Manage stakeholder relationships and develop and execute communication strategy. Drive change by identifying impacts of the program, building awareness and support for change within the organization, and contributing to development of training. Evaluate progress and results against success metrics. Create or reengineer processes, resources, and/ or structure to gain productivity and other program improvements. Mentor candidates to become Six Sigma practitioners as Black Belts and Green Belts to support overall operational excellence. Responsible for verifying the business requirements, perform gap analysis between the base level performance and KP Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required University Degree/ MBA from tier- 1 B- School strongly preferred Fluent English Overall 8- 12 years of experience in an MNC organization primarily in the areas of Transformation, Quality Management, Six Sigma implementation and Lean implementation. Must have global exposure Should be a LEAN/ Six Sigma Expert. Extensive implementation of DMAIC, DFSS and other methodologies including Lean Advanced level knowledge of and experience with transactional DMAIC tools, including: process mapping, VOC, QFD, Pareto analysis, and cause/ effect analysis. Formal Lean training and experience with value Stream Management tools, Kaizen methods, and other key Lean tools and methodologies. Good understanding of Procurement business processes such as Tactical Buying, Catalogue Management, Contract Management, Supplier Setup and Procurement Operations. Excellent communication, people management, stakeholders management and leadership skills Ability to ensure service focus across a complex people intensive and functionally- dispersed organization Preferred to have under Company Profile: Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Novartis Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details