TITLE: Quality Assurance Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provides vision of the Quality Assurance function for the project at hand. Builds a strong team to increase the effectiveness and efficiency over time. Works with Project Manager, SMEs and Solution Architect to ensure that the Quality Assurance is integrated into the product/ project teams. Ensures that the Quality Assurance team adapts to changing technologies and development approaches. Drives the implementation of automated software tools to increase the speed and efficiency of the Quality Control function. Creates test plans for the project including schedule, test strategy, risk mitigation strategy and resource leveling. Develops and reports key performance statistics. Seeks better solutions via process improvement. Work with QA engineers and project teams to mentor them in the area of testing best practices and methodologies Provides day- to- day supervision and direction to selected QA team (s) . Teams may be near- shore or off- shore. Skills / Qualifications: BA/ BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent education/ experience. Effective communication and report writing skills. Good negotiation skills with customer- oriented attitude. Good leadership capabilities to lead projects to successful completion. Must have demonstrable leadership ability with testing teams of 3- 6 people. Excellent analytical abilities to grasp the key points from complicated details. Must have 4- 5 years of client/ server and web based applications testing in a Windows environment. Must have strong experience and background in QA processes: development and implementation of documented process including automated and manual test processes, test case design, functional, integration, system and regression testing, entrance and exit criteria, metrics, reporting and status. Must have strong experience and background leading off- shore resources. Must be familiar with the Software Development Lifecycle. Experience with the Microsoft Solutions Framework and agile development methodologies a preferred. In order to lead the project teams in establishing processes that support Agile development frameworks such as SCRUM Must have experience in leading QA team iterative development SDLC. Demonstrate the ability to establish processes that support agile development frameworks such as SCRUM. Development experience in C#.net preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Neudesic LLC Neudesic LLC Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details