TITLE: Soft Skills Mentor for Narayana Group of Schools

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Execute Soft skills Training classes through designed activity books for all the 3 levels (Level1, Level 2, Level 3) in the allotted schools. Operates from the allotted schools as per the school timings. Take up work load of 8-9 periods per day in the respective branches apart from the teacher training sessions. Collaborate with the Primary/High school English faculty to cover the prescribed sessions if He/ She is unable to cover all the sections while in the school premises. Train/Guide the Primary/High school English faculty to conduct the Chirp English activities. Monitor the functioning of the NEC club every fortnight. Coordinate with the school Leadership and conduct events aligned to Narayana Standards. Coordinate and schedule Elevate Sessions to the faculty members at school. Maintain record of the different training programs held at school Level. Coordinate with the principals, faculty members and students of the respective branches and churn out the content for the Young Tarang magazine every Month. Meet the requisite standards of the training program. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Soft Skill Trainer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Narayana Educational Society he Narayana Group is Asia's largest educational conglomerate with over 300,000 students and 30,000 experienced teaching and non-teaching faculty in over 500 centres. Spread across 13 states, Narayana is the pride of India in hosting a plethora of schools, junior colleges, engineering, medical and management institutions, along with IAS training academy, coaching and correspondence centres. With three and a half decades of experience in catering to the needs and aspirations of students, Narayana has already become a benchmark in academic excellence by continuously delivering top and matchless results in intra-national and international competitive examinations.As a unity committed towards hard work and perfection, the Narayana Group endeavours to bring out the best in every student by imparting strong educational foundation and constant innovation in offering exceptional student experiences, especially in context to emerging challenges in the 21st century. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details