TITLE: MS Axapta Technical Consultant

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 3 yearsrsquo experience with MS Dynamics AX design and development Knowledge of Messaging, Customization and Integration Minimum of 3 Microsoft Dynamics AX implementations Key Responsibilities: Operational Responsibilities Ensures continuous development, capture and re-use of Oakton IP and knowledge. Champions the use of standard business process to complete work in alignment with Oaktonrsquos methodology, selects and assigns work in accordance with this methodology. Ensure project requirements, scope, timeframe and budget are understood and monitored throughout the projects Implementing, extending and modifying Microsoft Dynamics AX solutions and other projects Being accountable for defined work assignments/projects D emonstrate expertise in nominated skill area Demonstrate Oakton values and behaviours and help in the management of these values and behaviours throughout the organisation. Preparat ion of work plan and transition plan Setup and maintain documentation and standards Planning and coordinating resources necessary to complete project implementation and assisting in preparation of major sales proposals Perform technical trouble shooting and provide consultation to development teams Interface with Microsoft for technical support. Work independently on work assignments/projects adhering to time lines and budget Assist in preparation of sales proposals when required Demonstrate expertise in Microsoft Dynamics AX Data Model and associated Microsoft technical documentation. Design and develop high quality programs using Microsoft Dynamics AX Development tools. Demonstrate expertise in performing Microsoft Dynamics AX modifications including the use of SSRS, SharePoint, AIF, Enterprise Portal, MS Visual Studio (C ), X etc. Key Skills and Experience Required: Subject Matter Expert - MS Dynamics AX Technical Extensive knowledge of Messaging, Customization and Integration with other EDI systems. Communication, Influence & Impact Client Understanding & Relationship Building Presentation Skills Appropriate tertiary qualifications e.g. Accounting, Computer Science or equivalent A minimum of 3 yearsrsquo experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX, technical design and development. As undertaken a minimum of 3 Microsoft Dynamics AX implementations Having or achieving and maintaining certification at Certified Professional level Have worked with Sure Step or equivalent implementation methodology. Minimum 2 yearsrsquo experience in consulting, engagement/project management, and/or business and resource management Specialist knowledge of one or more industries or segments, coupled with strong analytical skills Adaptable to an environment offering constant changes and demands Effective verbal communication skills with the ability to consult and liaise effectively with internal and external customers High level of confidence, drive and motivation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills MS Axapta Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: OAKTON CONSULTING TECHNOLOGY For over 25 years we have worked with corporate and government clients across a range of industries. Each client customer story outlines how Oakton defines the problem, the approach and recommendations made, and the results achieved.We bring together a deep experience-based understanding of the issues and trends of key industry sectors, with an intimate knowledge of business processes, operational processes and management systems. Perhaps, that\'s why we see things others don\'t. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details