TITLE: Compliance Analyst

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose (Job Summary) : Work with the Fixed Income Compliance team and provide assistance with compliance monitoring and other applicable projects/ assignments. Key Responsibilities / Duties : Address day to day compliance issues related to trading strategies and the application of technology related controls created and applied during this process by the Fixed Income Compliance team. Assist in reviews of investment guidelines to maintain evergreen compliance environment; build, test, implement, monitor, maintain and enhance required quantitative rules in the production trading platform known as the Aladdin system. Conduct forensic, periodic, and transactional testing to ensure compliance of the U.S. investment manager, with all applicable state, federal and self- regulatory agency requirements. Prepare documentation to support reviews conducted and to substantiate and demonstrate adequate processes / controls to meet SEC / regulatory requirements and ensure compliance with all policies and procedures. Interact with members of the global compliance team to assess, document, monitor, report, develop, coordinate, and implement various compliance monitoring activities, ongoing testing and related controls. Assist in daily activities, and in preparation of periodic sub- adviser questionnaires and client certifications. Act as subject matter expert in resolving complex situations in day to day tasks and mentor other colleagues in team Assist in Compliance related projects and responsibilities. Assist the legal and compliance staff as requested. Effectively find solutions to compliance issues as they arise. Working Timings: Working timing will be 4.30pm to 1.30am IST however this could change from time to time as per process requirements. Work Experience / Knowledge: 2 - 3 years of relevant work experience with investment advisor or mutual fund group in Compliance or regulatory environment. Strong knowledge of and experience with fixed income products required, including U.S. retail mutual funds, UCITS funds, institutional and proprietary products. Knowledge of securities regulation as it relates to operations within advisor compliance programs is required. Experience with regulatory environments such as SEC, CFTC/ NFA and ERISA is required. Working knowledge of back office operations and securities laws/ regulations will be a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Good written and verbal communication skills Good interpersonal and strong analytical skills Strong attention to detail Shall be a good team player Shall be open to work flexible hours Proficiency on MS Office suite of applications Familiarity with trading systems and compliance components such as Charles River, Bloomberg or Aladdin is helpful Formal Education: ( minimum requirement to perform job duties) MBA or Degree in Commerce/ Finance Company Profile: Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Invesco (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details