TITLE: Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Supply Chain Optimisation Technologies Team is looking for a Software Support Engineer who will act as first level support for all incoming production software application issues dealing with inventory planning, item availability, customer promises, shipment optimization and other issues related to the supply chain process. Your solutions will impact our customers directly! This job requires you to constantly hit the ground running and your ability to learn quickly and work on disparate and overlapping tasks will define your success. High Impact production issues often require coordination between multiple Development, Operations and IT Support groups, so you get to experience a breadth of impact with various groups. Primary responsibilities include troubleshooting, diagnosing and fixing production software issues, developing monitoring solutions, performing software maintenance and configuration, implementing the fix for internally developed code (Perl, Ruby, C/ C , JAVA) , performing SQL queries, updating, tracking and resolving technical challenges. Responsibilities also include working alongside development on Amazon Corporate and Divisional Software projects, updating/ enhancing our current software, automation of support processes and documentation of our systems. The ideal candidate must be detail oriented, have superior verbal and written communication skills, strong organizational skills, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, able to work independently and can maintain professionalism under pressure. You must be able to identify problems before they happen and implement solutions that detect and prevent outages. You must be able to accurately prioritize projects, make sound judgments, work to improve the customer experience, and get the right things done Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications B.S. in Computer Science or a related field. 2 years overall development/ technical support experience. Object oriented development experience in C and/ or Java. Experience in UNIX/ Linux operating system. Preferred Qualifications Other desired technical skills include Perl, Ruby, Oracle SQL. Proven ability to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of issues. Demonstrates skill and passion for operational excellence. Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details