TITLE: BTA- Data integration

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The focus of Business Technology Architect (BTA) is to lead and establish business value creation for Data Integration by leveraging technology. The role encompasses the full lifecycle from ideation to requirements elicitation, architecture and design, implementation and rollout of the solutions. The role also focusses on Administration of the component and optimizes the real time streams 1.Expert experiences on state- of- the- art integration technologies (Messaging Mid- dleware, EAI, Database replication, REST APIs, etc) 2Deep knowledge and implementation experiences on integration architectural patterns 3.Strong experiences in leading a geographical diverse team in application imple- mentations, ideally managing vendors as well 4.Experience in application design, including producing technical design documen- tation 5.Knowledge of development lifecycle, standards, approaches, utilities and envi- ronment: shell scripts, version control systems; .Strong Understanding of the Relational database features, related utilities and tools (Oracle preferred) and non- relational database capabilities and trends (e.g. NoSQL) 7.Strong experience in data analysis, data modeling, design and implementation. 8.Database architecture knowledge 9.Excellent written and verbal communication skills 10.Excellent problem solving and an analytical skills 11.A sound understanding of the key business activities/ domain (Clinical, data ana- lytics) . An ability to think about business processes outside of the technology context. 12.Ability to think on a platform level to bring together various components existing to form a solution for large groups of user Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required A minimum of 10 years of experience in working in the Pharmaceutical Industry with experience in the Clinical Data Management and Analytics. Be the role model and demonstrate leadership Strong knowledge in more than one Business Domain and Technology in Clinical development Advanced business analyst and technology skills Capable of managing and leading a medium to large sized group of BTAs as a Team lead (8 ) Advanced Agile and hybrid SDLC experience Exhibits awareness and advanced thinking around larger architectural and business drivers and leads the charge to bring about changes to the domain/ enterprise architecture and solutions ac- cordingly. Excellent communication, collaboration, facilitation and business partnership capabilities Organize/ run Innovation networks, drive innovations discussions & PoCs, manage associates working on Innovations tasks. Be a thought leader in a technology/ functional domain to drive Innovation. Manage Innovation network group / roundtable discussions Bring about ideas, thoughts, leadership in innovation space Conduct and manage innovation related PoCs Scout the industry, technology space for disruptive ideas Engage in external industry networks - bring in best practices from the industry to drive innovation 8 years of experience in Oracle Database, PL/ SQL. Experience in Unix/ Linux operating systems. 3 years of experience in Shell and perl scripting. Excellent technical documentation skills Working knowledge on exadata, big data Company Profile: Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Sandoz Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details