TITLE: Sr. Hardware Design Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilities: Job involves working on high speed board designs for networking, broadband and communication products You will be involved in all phases of the development including the specification, schematic capture, layout review, mechanical design review, and hands-on board debug and testing. You will be interfacing with a various functional groups including software designers, test engineers and marketing. The scope includes Support for software integration testing and product support to customers. Skills & Experience: Profici ency in High speed multi -layer Board design with network processors, DSP or micro-controllers. Kno wledge and experience of working on High end processor based architectures, FPGA\'s and multi board systems will be essential. It\'s essential for the candidate to have strong application knowledge and board debugging skills. Must have good working knowledge of schematic entry (Orcad/viewlogic) and PCB layout tools (PADS/allegro) You must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision. You must also be a good team player with good communication skills, with a good track record of meeting tight schedule commitments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Sr. Hardware Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Argus Embedded Systems Private Limited. From electronic design to volume production Argus covers every aspect of product design. We research, investigate, understand the technology and give our clients a competitive edge. Argus nourishes and maintains a large network of vendors and suppliers which are reliable and gives global competitive advantage. Understanding the market trends, technology trends gives Argus a key advantage in deciding and helping customer in realising their dream of new products which are highly researched and are successful on their launch. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details