TITLE: Training Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon strives to be Earth's most customer- centric company by putting the customers first! It seeks to let people find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want - low prices, vast selection, and convenience - Amazon continues to grow and evolve as a world- class e- commerce platform. Amazon's evolution from Web site to e- commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of innovation that is part of the company's DNA. Amazon operates in a virtual, global eCommerce environment without boundaries, and operates a diverse set of businesses in 14 countries, including Retail, third party marketplaces, eCommerce platforms, web services for developers. Amazons Hyderabad Customer Service Center started operations in August 2005 and has grown steadily in size and scope ever since. CS HYD provides 24/ 7 world- class customer service through the medium of phone, chat, e- mail and Social Media to multiple geographies. At CS our aim is to offer an effortless, rapid and competent experience to our customers who reach out to us for assistance. We operate in a fast paced, rapidly growing environment offering new challenges and opportunities for making impactful changes in the Amazon ecosystem. Our relentless focus on process improvement has helped us continuously evolve and expand our focus into new business domains. As the Customer Service team continues to grow and evolve, we are seeking people who are customer obsessed, innovation driven, people centric and enjoy the challenges associated with rapid growth. Position Description: LOCATION Hyderabad, India REPORTEES Process Trainers Summary of Responsibilities Amazon, is seeking Training Manager for its Customer Service department. The responsibilities will be divided to oversee Training delivery in an extremely high paced environment. Strategize for training to be met based on customer contact intake, including suggestions for revision of contact dispersion depending on into high volume, low complexity type, Work with Capacity Planning & local Work Force teams, Operations, and Recruiting to plan training schedules for all businesses handled locally Manage a team of trainers and develop them to deliver consistent, effective, fun, peculiar, and memorable classes to new hires and existing employees alike. This should be achieved through live class observation, feedback collection from trainees, and other methods Work backwards to meet Training expectations set by Operations, Instructional design (ID) & Capacity Planning. Participate in maintaining and improving recruiting processes, such as technical or English testing, to ensure a high hiring- bar for each new- hire Maintain uniform communication training support for all business, working with internal support systems Build strong relationships with Knowledge Management for various businesses serviced to drive the development of robust training processes to ensure a training experience that prepares employees for production Deliver training support for all new projects, receive project intake and disperse responsibilities for in- time delivery Stay up to date on upcoming training initiatives by keeping open communication with Instructional Design and communicating relevant information to local stakeholders Meet regularly with Operations, ACES (process improvement) teams to understand local training needs and implement solutions via the training team for measurable results Work with training team to develop content required at a local level Manage all process trainers, observe performance on their roles & responsibilities, provide regular feedback to support conversion, subject to business requirement Regular interactions with Production Training (nesting) managers to review training performance, trainee and trainer performance and all New Hire reviews, including making decisions to graduate or terminate employees Manage all new employees (NA, UK, IN) during their time in training; this will require great communication, people management, and decision making skills. Communication with HR will be critical Provide clear insight into training performance drivers and the levers which impact new- hire performance Be available on network training manager and training specialist calls to identify and share best practices, check solutions for local areas of opportunities. The requirement is also to standardize training work and trainer roles through active discussion Partner on Operation initiatives within the site and network Hire for Training team and other skilled roles as Instruction Design, Knowledge Management, Communication trainers The candidate would be supported by a team of process trainers. This role will be based out of Amazon Hyderabad facility. The Training Manager is responsible for leading a team of process trainers through various learning initiatives at HYD via new hire training, cross- training, continuous learning, and e- learning environments. This is a high visibility position that will provide exposure at a site and network level. A passion for learning and development, high commitment to develop people, ability to manage demanding stakeholders, influencing, strong execution ability, optimal multitasking, time management, high on innovation, insisting on highest standards, extremely open to feedback and development, organizational skills, composure under pressure, flexibility, are must- have qualities for this position. Subject Matter expertise w.r.t. to communicative skills training and coaching is a must. Willingness to roll up sleeves and immerse themselves into the day- to- day activities whilst thinking long term Must be very high on ownership and very receptive to feedback. Being Vocally self & team- critical, is essential for success in this role The Training Manager is a key figure and partner in planning HYDs growth by coordinating training with Capacity Planning teams, Operations, Recruiting, and Training teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Training Role:Technical/Process Trainer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications Graduate in any stream Experience required People management experience/ Managerial experience of at least 8- 10 years in training, with 5 years of managerial experience. Experience in managing function of Training, Contact Coaching & Audit process, Customer experience Projects Skills required People development Excellent planning, organizational and time management skills. Strong ability to manage stakeholders. Flexibility, adaptability, and composure. Bias for action; take responsibility/ ownership and deliver to goals Are right a lot- Superior judgment, diplomacy and tact Willingness to speak up even in the midst of adversity. High ability of disagree & commit Strong communication skills both oral (speaking, listening, interpretation) and written to all levels of management and across various cultural backgrounds and functional areas. Demonstrable proficiency of Microsoft Office including Excel, SharePoint, Word and PowerPoint. Exceptional skills in data interpretation and analysis. Absolute passion for ensuring a world- class customer experience with every contact. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Preferred Qualifications Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of Six Sigma/ Lean Processes Knowledge of Instructional Design Candidates residing outside India are not eligible to apply Company Profile: Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Amazon India Software Dev Centre Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details