TITLE: Manager Security - Operations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and maintain emergency response plans and procedures. Ensure fire drills, Medical and antiviolence drills conducted and evaluated and fire life safety equipment and systems are maintained. Organize and train the Emergency Response Teams (ERT) Implement security as a core business function, keeping physical security measures under constant review to ensure they are adequately geared up to meet any threats to business. Develop plans; evaluate changes in the present security set up, showing advantages and disadvantages, costs etc. Ensure appropriate and effective Security training plans are developed and implemented. Continuous purgation of security team. Engage with NSG, Intelligence agencies, Police, Govt. offices etc on periodic basis to stay updated with the threat perception and ensure their support. Ensure that all incidents are reported and investigated to determine causes, help establish and implement corrective actions and make recommendations for areas needing improvement and follow up till closure. Develop, maintain and continuously improve on security process and procedures to ensure compliance with the latest requirements and internal ISB policies. Oversee entire Horticulture requirement on campus. Maintain existing green cover, trees and plan for future requirements. Coordinate with the vendor and continuously improve on present SOPs. Ensure vendors compliance with the requirements and internal ISB policies. Oversee the Recreation Facilities and maintain at highest standard. New assignmentsSKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Good knowledge and experience on handling security function of a comparable organization. Basic knowledge of Horticulture. Excellent Written and Oral English Skills, Excellent interpersonal skills, Ability to Multitask. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: INDIAN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS INDIAN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details