TITLE: Business Analyst

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Spe cific responsibilities include: 1.M aintain and develop in depth personal knowledge of the science, laboratory processes, business processes and technology in Biotrackerrsquos targeted markets. 2.P erform customer needs assessments in order to understand the customerrsquos laboratory processes, laboratory workflow, business process, instrument integration needs, and systems integration needs. 3.D ocument customer needs to facilitate configured demonstrations, RFP responses and provide sufficient detail to LIMS Post Sales Business Analysts to derive cost estimates for implementation and customization 4.D evelop configured Biotracker demonstration installers and coordinate any customization required for the customer specific demonstration installer with Post Sales Business Analysts and Development staff. 5.P erform live and remote configured demonstrations of Biotracker LIMS 6.P rovide technical responses to customer Request for Proposal documents 7.P rovide generic/core demonstration training to Sales Directors and Sales Representatives to enable them to perform live and remote First Pass Biotracker demonstrations 8. Support LIMS Marketing by providing content for brochures, white papers, case studies, etc. 9.S upport LIMS Development by providing input and suggestions as to how to improve or expand Biotracker LIMS. 10. Support LIMS Sales by providing Subject Matter Expertise with respect to the scientific and technical needs surrounding a LIMS system in our targeted markets. 11. Provide all gathered information including but not limited to; RFP response, SOW, Flow Diagrams, Use Cases, Configured/Customized Demo Installer, Quotes, etc. to Post-Sales upon the securing of the Biotracker Opportunity. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ocimum Biosolutions Ltd Website http://www3.ocimumbio.com/ Industry Healthcare Services (Clinical Research, Drug Discovery & Development Services) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 1001 - 5000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details