TITLE: Domestic IT Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Sourcing / Screening profiles according to the job specifications Coordin ation with the candidates Meeting the daily/monthly Target Excellent communication and convincing skills Have good knowledge of Ms-Word, Ms- Excel, Power Point Positive, professional and go-getter attitude Confident in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Result oriented individual who is able to deliver within deadlines Need to have good Communications Skills. Need to understand Skills about IT Technologies. End-to-E nd recruitment for corporate requirements Should be able to understand the requirements and source candidates through job boards, references, etc. Should be able to use Job Portals, LinkedIn and various other channels for searching resumes and posting job ads. Screen candidates for appropriateness of skills, experience and knowledge. Manage the Sourcing, Screening, Assessment, Presentation, Selection, Documentation, Offer negotiation, and Closing involved in E2E Recruitment Lifecycle. Managing relations with selected candidates till the On boarding. Liaise & collaborate with the HR Department for on-boarding of candidates. Arranging and managing the Walk-in and Interview Schedules in Hyderabad and outstation locations like Bangalore, Pune, Bhubaneswar,New Delhi. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Domestic IT Recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pyramid Technology Solutions Inc We, at Pyramid Technology Solutions (PTS), provide you world-class and highly satisfactory services across various verticals like IT consulting, business technology, and software development and professional staffing.Founded in 1998, PTS has come a long way earning experience, continued success and a well-satisfied clientele and is a one-stop solution for all the IT needs.The lateral surfaces of Specialized Staffing, IT services and Product management converge to a single point that forms the apex for our pyramid, the Pyramid Technology Solutions (PTS) on the base of integrity, customer satisfaction, cost-efficiency and eminent skills. Just like a pyramid, we progress with power coupled with high expertise, high efficiency and high energy. We will meet your needs within two to four weeks, at the best price, with unmatched direct one on one customer service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details