TITLE: Openings for IT Recruiters With Techpoint Solutions Hyderabad

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Techpoint Solutions Pvt Ltd !!! We have urgent Requirement for IT Recruiters Client: Techpoint Solutions Location: Hyderabad Experience: 6 Months - 2 Years Handling End to End Recruitment * Understanding the resource requirement. * Sourcing profiles using internal databases, Internet web sites, job postings, Referrals and Networking. * Resume filtering. * Conducting telephone interviews to assess candidate's technical abilities, professionalism and Communication skills. * Interview scheduling and co-ordination * Conduct regular follow-up with candidates before joining and after joining. * Maintaining the Database. * Responsible for the full life cycle of recruitment, like sourcing, screening, scheduling and coordinating interviews, follow ups & feedbacks. * Exposure of using various recruitment sources like Job portals, social network and referrals. * Achieving targets and proper utilization of the resume database sites. * Ensuring all the selects join *Build long-term relations hips with candidates and create of all candidates Involved in complete life cycle of Resourcing & Recruitment process form initial sourcing to joining for the candidate. Adaptability and flexibility to work on different requirements. Interested Candidate please mail your updated CV to gurmeet@techpointsolutions.com Thanks & Regards, Gurmeet Kaur Mailto: gurmeet@techpointsolutions.com Contact: 040-44326639 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TechPoint Solutions (India) Pvt. Ltd. Techpoint Solutions Hyderabad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details