TITLE: Windows System Administrator - SaaS Environment

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ideal candidate will have experience with: - Working in a Enterprise-level, SaaS environment - Windows Server 2012 or later and IIS Server Administration - Experience automating configuration and app changes using Chef - .NET or similar web application environment Job will consist of the following: - Management of web applications including monitoring, tuning, troubleshooting, and optimizing the applications and the servers hosting them. - Work closely with other system and database administrators as well as application development teams to stress test, troubleshoot, and optimize new and existing hosted applications. - Application and web server installation, configuration, patching, and support. - Assist in the deployment of the suite of products. - Must be willing to carry a cell phone, be on-call and occasionally work odd hours to help meet customer service level agreement What they are looking for: - 5+ years- experience installing, configuring, monitoring, and supporting application and web servers and the applications running on them in a heavily used, highly available, 24x7 enterprise environment. - Experience installing, configuring, tuning, and supporting Windows servers. - Experience developing scripts for automation of day to day tasks (Chef, Perl, Shell, or similar). - Strong understanding of server hardware, SAN and networking technologies, and common protocols such as TCP/IP, HTTP, and SSL. - Strong communication and problem-solving skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills System Administrator SaaS Server Administration System Administration troubleshooting SAN networking Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Leading client of Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details