TITLE: Tech Staff 1 - EIG job - Software Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Tech Staff 1 - EIG job - Software Development - Chennai, Tamil Nadu Will the PayPal/ eBay split affect my application Member, Tech Staff 1 - EIG Job Description Requisition No.: 26832BR Subsidiary: PayPal Category: Software Development Primary Job Responsibilities: Technical Lead devising and delivering cutting edge innovative solutions for the Chennai based Emerging Initiatives Group. . The prospective candidate will be working with various cross functional groups (business and technology) and will require great articulation, negotiation and influencing skills given the level of visibility. The person is also expected to be an able leader, a mentor and a peer. Job Requirements: Key Responsibilities: Lead architecture and design of high impact projects. Drive technical designs to consensus and approval as a leader within PayPals cross- functional technology team. Act as a bridge between business, product and technology. Be a technology evangelist who can marry business needs with technology solves, can question existing architecture and provide efficient alternate solutions Research, assess, and recommend external technologies and products for their applicability to complex project requirements and contribute to the development of new company concepts. Demonstrate ability to identify, define, create, and apply new architectural design patterns and standards to extremely complex problems. Understand the payments business and how technology decisions impact the business. Sense evolving business trends and translate them into needs into technology solves. Represent the company in external industry and academic forums Technology Thought Leadership Have strong business and technical vision and the ability to communicate this vision to multiple audiences. Be customer focused and passionate about providing world- class solutions for millions of customers across the world. Have deep conceptual and technological understanding of contemporary concepts such as mobile development, cloud computing, social networking, Big Data etc. Take risks and thrive in an environment of constant change. Exhibit strong leadership and exceptional technical skills. Be a quick learner undaunted by complex systems. Possess a proven history of innovation. Experience talking in external forums/ conferences etc. is a plus. Architectural skills Demonstrated experience with large- scale software architecture and development, and/ or high- volume websites and web services. Solid understanding of web- scale architectural considerations such as security, performance, scalability, reliability etc. Be able to define, adhere to and influence upon others, proven engineering standards adopted in the software industry. Technical Hands- on Skills Strong Object oriented programming skills and expertise in one of C++, Java/ J2EE Knowledge of mobile programming in Android/ iOS is a plus. Good understanding and exposure to one or few of the following: Scala, node.js, and Python Working experience with databases such as MSSQL/ Oracle etc. Exposure and Understanding of various NoSQL technologies is a plus. Last Updated: 06- Apr- 2016 PayPal will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with PayPals legal duty to furnish information. Grow your career with PayPal. Be sure you're connected to the corporate network in order to view all internal job postings. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PayPal Holdings, Inc. PayPal Holdings, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details