TITLE: Associate - Fund Accounting (NAV)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Background The Bank With a presence in over 80 countries and employing over 200, 000 staff, BNP Paribas is one of the biggest banks in the world, ranking highly in its three core business areas: Retail Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking and Investment Solutions. BNP Paribas Securities Services A wholly- owned subsidiary of the BNP Paribas Group, BNP Paribas Securities Services is a leading global custodian and securities services provider backed by the strength of a universal bank (rated AA- by Standard and Poors) . It has USD 5, 800 billion assets under custody, USD 1, 000 billion assets under administration and administers close to 7000 funds. BNP Paribas Securities Services (Securities Services) has a unique multi- local model, servicing both the buy- side (the institutional investors and the fund managers) and sell- side (the broker- dealers community and the banks) with 7, 700 employees worldwide representing 92 nationalities, a local presence across 34 countries, 22 proprietary local custody and clearing branches and global coverage of over 100 markets. Securities Services Chennai Hub One of the three international operations centers, BNP Paribas Sundaram Global Securities Operations (GSO) provides services to global clients in the Asian region and some follow- the- sun activities for European clients. Our services include custody operations, fund accounting, middle office operations, static data management, IRP and other transversal services. Job summary Roles & Responsibilities Acquire complete understanding of NAV Calculation & its related functions with various parties involved. For example: Custody, TA, Pricing, Corporate Actions, etc. Become a SME (Subject Matter Expert) of the process by acquiring complete knowledge of NAV Calculation Processing & Review across all funds & instruments types. Ensure all reconciliation breaks in TA, Cash & Stock are validated and justified for each calculated NAV. Ensure NAV calculations are produced in a timely manner as per SLA. Completeness of NAV packs includes accurate report generation, timely delivery of reports, scanning & archiving. Adhere to Quality SLA of 98% & above while processing NAVs. Be proactive in resolving queries and escalate immediately to the supervisor on any issues/ queries/ escalations. Participate in preparation of Key/ Standard Operating Procedures for each process migrated to Chennai. Consistently evaluate the documented procedures to ensure they are complete, accurate and up to date. Carry out other ad- hoc duties may arise from time to time, mainly on month ends & year ends. Job requirements Educational qualifications Graduation/ Post Graduation with specialization in Finance / NCFM Certified Total years of experience: 0- 1year Relevant years of experience: None Knowledge and skills required Monitor the respective group mail box and respond quickly to the queries. Adhere to Quality of 98% while producing NAVs & 100 % during reviewing NAVs. Ensure there is NO Financial impact/ loss to the organization. Ensure SAS 70 checks are understood and followed. 100% compliance is must for all NAV packs. Act as a back- up in the absence of other team members. Ensure to minimize the unplanned leaves, especially during business critical days, like month end, rollover days and migration of new funds. Should come up with minimum one process improvement/ automation initiative per quarter. To share the process/ product knowledge with fellow team members. Job specific competencies Client Focus Complete commitment to provide professional, intelligent and timely responses to our clients needs and to changes in the market. Communication Oral: Expressing ideas effectively in individual and group situations. Adjusting communication style to match the needs of the audience. Written: Expressing ideas clearly in all written documents. Using professional, appropriate language at all times, and adhering to the use of the BNPP Email Protocols. Team Work Work effectively with team members to accomplish goals, Respect the needs of others and displays integrity in dealing with team members. Continuous Improvement and adaptation Generate creative solutions to problems, Ability to plan work ahead and to prioritize workload in an organized manner. Always looks for ways to improve services and processes Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bnp Paribas Bnp Paribas Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details