TITLE: Urgent Openings on Corporate Sales / IT Product Marketing

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibilites: Represent marketing & sales in new products. Develop marketing/sales strategies and initiatives to promote company's products. Run campaigns to drive awareness and customer traffic. Meet existing customers to improve relationships and explore new clients. Exploring customer opinions and gaps in the market. Looking at competitors marketing strategies. Prepares marketing reports by collecting analyzing and summarizing sales data. Buid Strong network with the key decision makers across the business community to generate profitable opportunities. Introduce new products to customers. Generate leads, run campaigns, good networking with possible leads. Make calls, present demonstrations of our products and convert prospective leads. Making sure campaigns deadlines are met. Explore new regions, industries and clients. Skills Requierd: 2 to 10 Yrs of Marketing Experience in IT. Experience in Corporate Sales, IT Product Marketing. Expert in B2B and B2C Marketing/sales. Experience in clien interaction. What we offer:Â Best in class packages. Rewarding career opportunities with faster progress in their roles. Flexibility to work across global locations. Opportunity to work in emerging technology products. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Corporate Sales Product Marketing Client Interaction B2B Marketing B2C Marketing Direct Marketing IT Product Marketing Business Relationship Managers Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Eclature Technologies Eclature Technologies is an IT Products & Solutions Organization head quartered in United Kingdom, helping Fortune 500 clients to embrace emerging technologies. We specialize in Big Data, Mobile, Cloud, Automation, Agile and BPM. Eclature partnering with Microsoft, IBM, SAP and Cloudera is expanding its consulting & services across the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details