TITLE: Manager - Marketing & Sales (3+ Years in FMCG Only)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Accomplishes marketing and sales human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, and disciplining employees; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures. Achieves marketing and sales operational objectives by contributing marketing and sales information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer- service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change. Determines annual and gross-profit plans by forecasting and developing annual sales quotas for regions; projecting expected sales volume and profit for existing and new products; analyzing trends and results; establishing pricing strategies; recommending selling prices; monitoring costs, competition, supply, and demand. Identifies marketing opportunities by identifying consumer requirements; defining market, competitor's share, and competitor's strengths and weaknesses; forecasting projected business; establishing targeted market share. Improves product marketability and profitability by researching, identifying, and capitalizing on market opportunities; improving product packaging; coordinating new product development. Sustains rapport with key accounts by making periodic visits; exploring specific needs; anticipating new opportunities. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Accomplishes marketing and organization mission by completing related results as needed. Person Specification Educated to Post Graduation level. A minimum of 3 years experience from FMCG industry only Fluency in English, (written and spoken) Experience of implementing, maintaining and improving relevant systems and procedures Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, written and oral Sound judgement and the ability to maintain confidentiality good computer skills: MS Excel, MS Word & Power Point Well organised with strong time management skills Respect for diversity and sensitivity to other cultures Commitment to SE Trading Companys mission and purpose and an interest in conflict prevention Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Sales Marketing Management Selling Key Accounts FMCG Planning New Product Development Retail Marketing modern trading Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SE Trading Company SE Trading Company started its operations in January 2015 with our head office in Cochin City. Our main operations includes importing various frozen food items like ice cream, chocolates, chips to the Indian market and trading and distributing the products across cities. We concentrate only on international ice cream brands with high product quality. We aspire to be a world renowned importer with a global attitude and local aptitude, and to succeed as a socially responsible corporate in presenting the world's most premium brands to every cross-section of the Indian society. SE Trading is bent upon catering to the growing needs of the increasingly brand-savvy Indian market and takes the time as well as effort to master each internationally-loved brand before positioning it in the Indian market. SE Trading is aiming to carve a niche as one of the fastest growing importer in globally-acclaimed frozen food products from across the globe. SE Trading is all set to bring internationally-loved, frozen delights all the way to every city in India. Driven by a passionate love for exotic delicacies and inspired to introduce the world's finest to the threshold of the Indian consumer market, it is indeed, our vision to channel all our efforts in satisfying the evolving needs of brand-savvy consumers in India and therein gain recognition as a global, iconic importer of the world's leading brands in frozen delights. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details