TITLE: Manager - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must effectively manage sales performance, have a strong knowledge of the market, and an in-depth understanding of all departments financial data as well as strong customer relations skills. Analyse current market, competitors and past performance to develop and implement strategic business plan and drive company performance To assist the Unit Manager in taking Strategic as well as daily work management decisions such that both Vertical and Horizontal functions of the organization, are linked towards achieving Goal congruence. Plan and release the sales plan Liaisons with all department heads, business & foreign counterparts. Prepares and manages reports Attending to customer complaints, ensuring that a high level of customer satisfaction is obtained. Maintain the profitability of their department while controlling expenses and maintaining customer satisfaction. Monitoring industry performance Long range planning Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. Best in the Industry Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Planning Sales Management Customer Relationship Customer Satisfaction Business Planning Range Planning Work Management Customer Complaints Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Mechanical, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Candidate should be a good communicator.Candidate should be a graduate / Diploma from mechanical discipline.Candidate should be open to travel all over India.Should be able to handle a big teamShould be bold & confident. Company Profile: Lead HR Services Pvt. Ltd. A Spanish & Turkey based Joint venture MNC A Spanish & Turkey based Joint venture MNC, Manufacturing the Automobile components & providing services to OEM Customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details