TITLE: Excellent Job Opening for Business Development Manager role

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HI, I Have an Excellent Job Opening for Business Development Manager Role Company Name : Nannak Technologies Pvt Ltd Website : http://www.nannak.tech/ Location: Chennai-41 Designation : Business Development Manager Experience: 6 Months to 2 Years Job Role :Â Acquisition of new Merchants; Selling advertising campaigns to merchants by implementing national sales plans; Supervising regional account managers. Responsibilities: Determines annual gross-profit plans by implementing sales strategies; analyzing trends and results. Establishes sales objectives by forecasting and developing annual sales quotas for regions and territories; projecting expected sales volume and profit for existing and new campaigns. Maintains sales volume, campaign mix, and selling price by keeping current with supply and demand, changing trends, economic indicators, and competitors. Establishes and adjusts selling prices by monitoring costs, competition, and supply and demand. Maintains national sales staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills National Sales Business Development Management Selection Selling Sales Strategy Attendance Advertising Campaigns Employee Training BDM BDE BD Corporate Sales Institutional Sales Sales Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Joule Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Nannak Technologies Pvt Ltd NANNAK Technologies is a tech start up, based in Chennai, India; and is focused on transforming the global travel industry, through the integration of technology and smartphone applications to daily travel needs. This unique independent global forum for travel industry stakeholders focuses on the end-to-end travel process from the passenger point of view and will assess how every aspect of the passenger experience can be improved. inTRANSIT, a NANNAK Technologies solution, is a social networking platform aimed at the air travel industry. It enhances one's travel experiece by improving both the means of communication with other travelers and the quality of time spent at airports. Launching towards the end of 2015, inTRANSIT will be available for both Android and iOS users. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details