TITLE: Senior Analyst - GWM Finance, Asset Management, Global Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Ensure reports are prepared on a timely basis with a very high level of accuracy & quality through the use of automated reporting tools and processes. Ability to understand the requirements of onshore partner & assist the team in maintaining the existing reporting procedures, tools and workflows necessary to facilitate the reporting process. Prepare weekly/daily/monthly executive management reports and supporting other functions for management meetings. Maintaining a very high level of competency when reviewing data and reports, and quickly identifying and rectifying both data and format issues. Have foresight & understanding of business terms & requirement. Ability to communicate in a clear, concise and efficient manner with multiple support teams both locally and globally. Support all aspects of maintenance and improvement of the Reporting processes. Address various ad-hoc analyses. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills Asset Management Executive Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Inter CA / MBA.Knowledge of Financial reporting is essential.Must be able to work under pressure and make accurate decisions in stressful situations.Uses initiative and readily questions.Good time management skills.An appreciation of risk and quality issues.Control Oriented.Proactive, positive approach towards work.Able to grasp/learn concepts and procedures quickly.Ability to work independently.Problem solving skills.Attention to detail.Strong interpersonal skills. Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details