TITLE: Manager Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our ideal candidate has strong business acumen and ability to learn the nuances of business research. The domain of business research involves understanding consumer/human psychology, global markets and business trends. Essential duties and responsibilities: Reach out to target number of clients in the assigned territory on a daily basis. Responsible for lead generation and account management. Dealer and freelancer Appointment, workshops and field activities to drive business. Detail out the company's offerings to the clients and understand their requirements. Work closely with the corporate Sourcing team and Institutional team. Build customer-specific acquisition strategies that include opportunity sizing, penetration strategy and customized product offering. Maintain a long lasting relationship with the client. Over a period of time, develop contacts in the industry to be able to generate leads independently. Salary:INR 80,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. Travel Reimbursement and Incentives as per the company policy Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Lead Generation Account Management Strategy Business Research Team Building Corporate Sales Institutional Sales Dealer Management Direct Institutional Sales Retail Sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rudhra Solar & Aqua India Private Limited Rudhra Solar & Aqua India Pvt. Ltd. is one of the pioneering companies in India dedicated to the promotion of eco-friendly and environmentally safe technological products engaged in manufacturing and sales of solar water heater, solar lighting, inverters, batteries, Reverse Osmosis plants and softeners. RSAIPL designs, supplies, installs and also provides post-sales service for all its products. The experience and passion of RSAIPL will help it to grow exponentially and will also help in promulgating the ideas of their team. Rudra's products are being marketed under the brand name 'Rudra' (www.rudhraindustries.com) for its solar products and 'Deur' (www.deurwater.com) for its aqua products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details