TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an Android developer who is dedicated to his craft, writes code that is proud of and can hit the ground running. We need you to write beautiful and UI rich android Â applications that can impress android App users. Â Should be really good in writing android application to the Â highest standard in a timely and scalable way that improves the code-base of our products in expected lines. You will be a part of a creative team that is responsible for all aspects of the ongoing software development from the initial specification and also the new emergies changes, through to development, testing and roll out to production. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Development php codegniter mongodb android java Rest Jquery json Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ACI INFOTECH ACI (Advanced Computing International) is a next generation Technology Services company with expertise in designing, building and delivering business-driven technology solutions that empower clients to efficiently run their business by enhancing and improving their operation/project requirements and dynamically shift the directions as their business needs change. ACI is a global technology services and application integration firm. We offer strong domain expertise and consulting prowess with deep technical acumen globally at every point in the solution chain. We bring unparalleled technology and delivery expertise - a powerful combination for implementing technology visions that yield business results. Using our transformational delivery model, innovative product platforming approach and vertical expertise, we provide value added IT and Business Solutions that enable our clients to enhance business performance, accelerate time-to-market, increase productivity and improve customer service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details