TITLE: AREA Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Financial: Supervise cluster of outlets. Maximize area sales performance and drive profits. Sales forecasting and apportioning targets across teams. Reviewing business performance in line with budgetary control Asset & Equipment maintenance. Salary costs for store level. Analysis of Sales: Salary ratio in the respective area assigned. Assuring the Timely indent is done for all the store. Wastage control measures. Timely forecast of the stock in order to ensure the smooth operations. Learning & Development Management: Retention of manpower. Manpower planning & translating requirements to HR periodically Handling transfers & takeovers Inspiring team & conduct employee initiative programs. Appraise subordinates and performance management. Team development and growth. Grievance handling & solving issues. Ensure the Training Certification of team members. Process and customer orientation: Develop marketing & promotion ideas to increase walk-ins & sales. Ensure smooth support functions and further integration with operation team. Ensure all the Customer complaints are resolved. Analysis of Customer database complaints & drive the footfall in the cafes. Competitor analysis Vendor management. Market Intelligence. Waste management Statutory requirements Store issue resolution. Ensure the SOPs are followed through out the store. Fortnight Team Meetings to ensure the resolution of complaints. Integrity & cost controllable. Recruit team members Issue C&C to Managers/Asst. Manager/ Team members Termination of team members Confirmation / elevation of team members Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Area Sales Area Management Marketing Operations Team Development Market Intelligence Competitor Analysis Sales Forecasting Issue Resolution QSR Retail Sales Desired Candidate Profile Excellent communication & influencing skill Result oriented Financial awareness & understanding of P&L Ability to strategize & analyze reports Sales & marketing orientation Planning & organizational skills Building & developing high performance team Operating system & internet skills Previous multiple-site supervision experience Company Profile: Speed Jobs Consultancy Leading Food & Beverages Brand in India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details