TITLE: Sr.voice Engineer + Networking (r&s) - Chennai

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Theoretical and practical knowledge in Cisco Unified Communications Products: Cisco Unified Communications Manager , Cisco Unified Call Manager Express, Cisco Unity Connection, Cisco IPCC Express, Cisco Meetingplace, Cisco Voice Gateway & Cisco Voice Gatekeepers. Have clear understanding of Cisco Voice network deployment models and should understand functioning of voice network devices. Having experience in Cisco Video and Telepresence technologies. Good implementation/troubleshooting experience on the above mentioned products and technologies. Have clear understanding on VOIP protocols like SIP, H.323 and MGCP. Maintain and update voice network diagrams and vendor information for voice network devices Have very good troubleshooting and analytical skills. Work with clients and vendors for troubleshooting purposes. Have very good technical documentation skills on UC projects and deployments. Have full understanding of operational & troubleshooting knowledge of trunking protocols VTP, 8021.Q etc Have full understanding of operational knowledge of loop prevention protocols like spanning tree protocols Have full understanding of operational knowledge for troubleshooting of routing protocols like EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, RIP etc. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 14,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Network Administrator Keyskills cucm Cisco Call Manager cisco unified communication cisco ip network cisco voice - video - data solution cisco voice gateways cisco voice gatekeepets vlan vtp eigrp ospf bgp mpls rip Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details