TITLE: Dgm/agm - Process Excellence - F&A Domain

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The candidate will need to understand & comprehend client requirements and ensure the project is completed on time and within budget. Key responsibilities include- - Support project initiatives, including identifying and analyzing preliminary business needs, business processes - Participate in due diligence to identify processes and document SOP and draw process maps as per BPMN standards - In-depth knowledge of Six sigma tools - Conduct Value stream Mapping exercise - Ability to create, execute, and maintain an - AS IS" to - TO BE" Roadmap. - Design Business Processes. - Re-Design Business Processes. - Document and Present Business Processes. - Create and Analye Business Strategies. - Create and Analyse Process Maps. - Identify Process Improvements opportunities. - Understand critical business and information technology risks. - Demonstrate advanced understanding of business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls, and related standards. - Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement. - Identify opportunities for improvement and bottlenecks through waste analysis and consistency analysis. - Analyse incoming work/demand and workload allocation methods. Working Conditions - Travel may be required, must have a valid passport - Ability to attend and conduct presentations. - Flexible working hours Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Assurance & Quality Control Keyskills DGM Agm Process Excellence Six Sigma Value Stream Mapping Budgeting Risk Management Process Mapping Information Technology Due Diligence Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Candidate Profile- Certified lean Six Sigma Black Belt on or before 2010- Must have in-depth knowledge of Finance & Accounting i.e. AP,AR, Recs, Fixed Asset, GL Accounting, Financial reporting etc.- Lean & Six Sigma TTT certified- Experience in Project management, preferably PMP- Must have in-depth knowledge of Business Process Mapping and Modeling- Bachelors or higher education degree in Accounting with overall 7-10 years of experience with 2-3 years of experience in two or more of the following areas-Business Process Re-engineering, Transformation, Lean Six Sigma, & Program Management- Possesses outstanding analytic and problem solving skills as well as a strong ability to dissect up from business requirements and realize true business need in order to identify opportunities.- Excellent communication skills and exposure to International assignments and/or client engagement with the ability to communicate at all levels.- Excellent writing and reporting skills in order to transform the conversations and the current working procedures into a documented business process.- Analytical bend of mind in order to understand the business needs and the workflow of the management and the administration tasks. Company Profile: Veradis Consulting Leading Client of Veradis Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details