TITLE: Product Manager - Telecom

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Core: Minimum 3 years of experience in product management / product development management or consulting in BSS / OSS software vendor or telecommunication provider Minimum 3 years of experience in related product management, product development management, consulting, system integration, system deployment and customization or presales but at least 2 of 6 types of experience gathered Minimum 6 years of experience in IT sector. Participation on international projects or international employment - both related to presales / consultation / product management in area of telecommunications (OSS / BSS) Experience with product definition, development cycle and related processes. Managerial experience. Knowledge: Practical understanding of Telco Industry Environment - (both IT and network sides) - with focus on the business domain and application of the each product or its part, that is related to area of his responsibility within and the business problems it solves. Knowledge: In-dept understanding of related business processes and relations to surrounding parts of OSS / BSS. (and practical experience with application of this knowledge) Knowledge: In dept understanding of functions of R&D, SI and general understanding of functions of Presales and Product Marketing departments. Capability to cooperate with these commercial functions. Knowledge: Capability to define joint strategy as well as apply day by day steps together with R&D and SI departments in order to deliver projects that was contractually agreed (required functionalities are available) and increase sales of STS products and solutions by providing better / richer functionality or higher reliability / performance / convenience or similar. Knowledge: Deep understanding of functional capabilities of relevant competitive products (or its parts), competitors' general market positioning. General understanding of underlying architectures of major competitive products. Knowledge: Practical in dept understanding of application of NGOSS principles + capability to apply them in designing and development of new releases of existing products and / or completely new products and solutions. Knowledge: Practical experience with underlying technology (RDBMS, J2EE, C#, IMDB, Unix, MSWinServ.) enabling smooth information exchange with technical specialists as well as enabling decision making in respect to technological issues. Capability to transfer technology related information to department director or technical specialist level / ability to select and explain key points / . Knowledge: In-dept practical understanding of telecommunication standards and its implications to his area of responsibility (business processes evolution trends, technology trends,). Know-how: Ability to formulate both mid-term development strategy as well as execute individual tactical steps necessary for dealing with day by day issues Know-how: Capability to proactively coordinate his work (or work of sub ordinate employees) with various and teams separated by function (Presales, Product Marketing, R&D, SI ...), type of product within particular product line or geographically (internationally). Know-how: Ability to support Director in area of planning, forecasting revenues and costs for the products. Know-how: Capability to manage delivery of subcontractors / 3rd party suppliers. Problem Management - Problem identification: Capability to indentify both short term and long term issues that already exists or it is apparent that will happen. Such issues can be related not just to part of product line but can be more broadly defined e.g. future development of particular telecommunication standard and its implication on market repositioning of product (or its part) under his responsibility. Ability to present such issues to PMTL or Director in understandable manner. Problem Management - Problem solving: Capability to identify optimal solution by means of evaluation of various models or by creative / disruptive solution. (e.g. by finding optimal (the lowest impact) solution or by coming with completely new type of solution) Responsibility: Capability to make decisions on tactical level. Capability to present key factors that led to choice of particular decision to PMTL or Director. Responsibility: Capability to undertake primary responsibility for tactical steps and capability to delegate individual sub tasks to subordinate employees as well as capability to control results of such delegation and analyze its impact on respective tactical activity. Responsibility: Capability to deal with highly stress situations and capability to undertake fast but optimal decisions under such circumstances. Capability to sustain mental pressure coming form conflict of tasks with various levels of priority. Responsibility: Capability prioritize to individual tasks within state of shortage of resources and to propose optimal way of their fulfilment to PMTL or Director. Soft-skills: Capability to resolve conflict situations (can be conflict of valid but opposing interests) by communication and facilitation means. Soft-skills: Capability to manage, motivate and support subordinate employees by means of appropriate mixture of direct management, coaching and counselling. Capability to support subordinate employees in areas of inter-company communication and problem resolution, skill development planning and career planning - all under guidance of PMTL or Director. Soft-skills: Capability to set up processes and practices for subordinate employees as well as negotiate joint processes and practices with other teams. Soft-skills: Very high negotiation skills. Capability to consider various interests of involved players and find suitable solutions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Product Marketing Sales Product Management Product Development Development Management Management Consulting Problem Management System Integration Career Planning Development Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Work Experience 12 to 20 Years Company Profile: ExcelaCom Technologies ExcelaCom Technologies is an independent software vendor, offering BSS/OSS solutions and services to Tier 1 to Tier 3 NGN communications players across multiple geographies. Leveraging the bouquet of our offerings, we focus on empowering the communications service providers to meet the challenges in today"s converging telecom market. ExcelaCom also provides system integration, application development, testing and full-scale outsourcing facilities, tailored to the needs of the telecommunication industry. Our mission is to re-activate the businesses of our clients through innovations in the business process architecture and the IT infrastructure. Our global operations are supported by our experienced consultants, analysts and technology specialists in US, Europe and Southeast Asia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details