TITLE: Team Leader

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To resolve the tickets raised as per the defined standards of time| cost and quality for increased customer satisfaction. (1.) To document all the defined processes and the methods of resolving the ticket| troubleshooting| etc. (2.) To troubleshoot and resolve tickets raised by the clients. (3.) To perform knowledge transition during project enhancements (4.) To undertake training programs for new joinees (5.) To update self on latest technologies and related areas Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Optimization Linear lead java Jquery SLA SQL tech Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details