TITLE: Opening for Executive / Sr. Executive - Customer Acquisition / Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To build and maintain strong client relationships by effectively handling objections and resolve member/customer conflicts thus building customer trust. To build & maintain strong relationships with channel partners to achieve sales targets. To identify potential customers, create and close new business opportunities in line with the strategic direction of the company. To prepare pre-sales proposals for prospective clients. To make inspiring sales presentations to the prospective clients by creating a dream. Regular liaison with telemarketing and member relations department to achieve stretched targets in a result-focused environment. To build and maintain strong client relationship and high level of customer service. To keep abreast with the organization's products and services and to crack profitable deals and referrals to achieve sales targets. Interested candidates can mail your profile /reach out to the below concerned.Â Official website : www.sterlingholidays.com Salary:INR Incentives above the salary Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales & Marketing selling & marketing sales marketing & marketing Timeshare Holiday consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1) Burning passion towards Selling & Customer Acquisition2) Aggressive Achievement orientation3) Wisdom on Industry, Demographical Market Segmentation4) Potential for Scalability & Progression. 5) Prev. experience in Time Share industry is added an advantage. Company Profile: Sterling Holiday Resorts (I) Ltd Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited - Thomas Cook Subsidiary is a pioneer in Vacation Ownership and a leading Leisure Hospitality company in India. Sterling Holidays was incorporated in 1986 with the vision of delivering Great Holiday experiences to Indian Families. To achieve this vision, the company pioneered Vacation Ownership in India and set about building a network of leisure resorts at some of the best holiday destinations in India. Currently, Sterling Holidays has a total inventory of 1634 rooms spread across a network of 24 resorts in 21 scenic holiday destinations in India. The company also has 15 additional sites where it plans to add new resorts in the coming years. All resorts in the Sterling Holidays network also have specially designed hotel blocks for the comfort and convenience of guests who prefer to vacation as a one-time hotel guest. With experience spanning over 25 years and expertise that successfully manages 24 resorts across India, Sterling Holidays now plans to expand the Leisure Hospitality industry in India and to set new benchmarks in the Vacation Ownership and Leisure Hospitality space. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details