TITLE: Sales Engineer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a seasoned, hardworking, smart and over achieving Sales Engineer with proven experience and a passion for selling Flow Meters & allied process equipment / systems. You will be responsible for selling into new prospects as well as farming back into existing customers to ensure high renewal and customer satisfaction levels. You will source new sales opportunities and close sales to achieve quotas. Measures of success include new customer acquisition rates, renewal rates, up-selling, cross-selling, customer satisfaction and contribution to overall sales team and business success. Working at Rockwin, you will be part of a team of talented individuals with a strong sense of purpose, dedicated to conducting business professionally with commitment. You will built your career on our tradition of competency, trust, integrity and teamwork. Responsibilities 1. Solution selling into prospect account base 2. Plan, prepare and execute on strategic deals in complex sales cycles 3. Create and deliver powerful presentations and demos that clearly communicate the uniqueness of the value proposition 4. Manage all technical aspects 5. Effectively communicate client needs to the management teams for future product enhancements 6. Collect and document competitive intelligence 7. Get the sale using various sales methods (door-to-door, cold calling, presentations etc) 8. Forecast sales, develop out of the box sales strategies/models and evaluate their effectiveness 9. Evaluate customers needs and build productive long lasting relationships 10. Meet personal and team sales targets 11. Preparing tenders & Offers 12. Research accounts and generate or follow through sales leads 13. Attend meeting, sales events and training to keep abreast of the latest developments 14. Report and provide feedback to management using statistical data 15. Maintain and expand client database within your assigned territory Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Engineer Flowmeter Process Instrumentation Gas Trains Control Valves Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Instrumentation, Mechanical, Diploma - Any Specialization, Mechanical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. 2 + years of experience in a Sales Engineer position in Flow Meters, Process Instruments / Systems, Control Valves, Regulators, Gas Trains etc.2. Track record of over-achieving quota3. Proven ability to forge strong, long-lasting relationships with senior executives4. Ability to creatively explain and present complex concepts in an easy to understand manner5. Good technical background with understanding 6. Excellent written and verbal communication skills7. Excellent presentation and presentation creation skills8. Engineer (Diploma / Degree in Mechanical / Instrumentation)9. Willingness to travel10. Self motivated and driven Company Profile: Rockwin Flowmeters India Pvt. Ltd Rockwin Flowmeter India Pvt. Ltd. has since 1976 been in production of high performance flow metering equipment and has to its credit several new developments in technology of equipments for process control instrumentation. Over 3 decades ago Rockwin developed its pioneering industrial unit near New Delhi. This modern integrated unit, spread over 10000 sq meters, is the heart of its Design, Manufacturing and Calibration facilities. Rockwin is capable of crafting all its products entirely in house and no part of the manufacturing process is outsourced. Rockwin's fabrication facility, spread over 3500 square meters, is a fully self contained unit capable of taking on turnkey projects to manufacture custom made skid-mounted packaged systems. The low turnaround time, prompt delivery as well as strict adherence to precision and quality at every stage of manufacturing, is Rockwin's distinguishing feature. Rockwin's products have high quality standards with accreditation from both National and International bodies. Working at Rockwin, will make you part of a team of talented individuals with a strong sense of purpose, dedicated to conducting business professionally with commitment. You shall have an opportunity to build your career on our traditions of competency, trust, integrity and teamwork. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details