TITLE: Engineering Manager (2 Positions) - Apply till 31st Dec 2015

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Skills Required: Leadership Skills:Â Risk Taking & Decision- Making Analytical Thinking Initiative, Accountability & Result Orientation Customer Relationship Developing Team Key Responsibilities: Ensure compliance of engineering documents with statutory regulations and good engineering practiceÂ Â Ensure cost-effective design through value engineeringÂ Â Improve productivity in engineering Â Ensure Motivation and Capability development of teamÂ Â Improve interface engineering and early resolution of interface issues . Â Adopt best engineering practicesÂ Â Proactive Information Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Water Treatment / Waste Management Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Design Engineer/Manager Keyskills Design Engineering Management Value Engineering Productivity Improvement Information Management Team Development Key Skills Leadership Skills Customer Relationship Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Va Tech Wabag Ltd VA TECH WABAG, established in 1924 is one of the world's leading multinational players in the area of water and wastewater treatment with more than 6,000 plants and 50 patented technologies. The company has operations in Europe, North Africa, Middle East and the APAC regions. The European operations are headquartered out of Vienna, Austria with many project and satellite offices spread across the globe. The company has R&D and innovation centers in Vienna, Austria and Switzerland to cope with the technological demands for catering to a thirsty planet. VA TECH WABAG offers the entire gamut of services ranging from consulting and planning, financing and installation including construction, to the operational management of plants and systems. VA TECH WABAG offers a product range that is wide ranging and is a leading technology partner in providing customized solutions in the following areas: a) Drinking Water Treatment b) Industrial Water Treatment c) Municipal Waste Water Treatment d) Sludge Water Treatment e) Sea and Brackish Water Desalination Also, during the last quarter of 2007, VA TECH WABAG AUSTRIA and VA TECH WABAG INDIA merged successfully and this merger shall result in VA TECH WABAG being one of the top three players in the Water Sector in the relevant markets of the Emerging World. Chennai is now the Global HQ of the company. VA TECH WABAG offers a very open, transparent, empowering; caring environment to work with and Compensation will match the best industry standards. The company has a track record of rewarding employees who 'Stay & Perform' through Performance Incentives, Rewards, Awards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details