TITLE: Analyst / Associate - Wealth Management Division KYC

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure all new client relationships have undergone the appropriate client identification screening (KYC) prior to opening a new account and entering into trading and loan transactions. All existing clients KYC is refreshed on periodic basis and necessary escalation is performed. The critical piece of KYC for wealth is validating the client profile/biography & source of wealth which is provided by Sales. KYC Control plays a key critical role as subject matter expert and seeks additional clarification from sales to ensure write up is complete & meets regulatory requirements. Ability to perform hands on task related to KYC and account opening, update system with relevant details, perform checks, validations & upload documents, manage pipeline for new accounts and KYC refresh. Ensure client information and documents are validated & updated correctly on the systems for seamless feed to other internal systems and reporting (Internal, regulatory etc.) Continuously work with AML Compliance, Legal, Sales support on completing KYC and client information updates. Identify system enhancement focusing on controls and efficiency and work with the IT teams to implement. Face Internal & external Auditors and have good understanding of process to provide process walk through and samples. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills Analyst Wealth Management KYC Legal Compliance Legal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Excellent command of the English language, with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to communicate effectively across all levels.Ability to fluently speak Cantonese and mandarin is a must as this role will involve interaction with sales.Technical Skills/CompetenciesWell versed with the KYC requirements as suggested by MAS and other major Asia regulators.Ability to understand different risk types associated with Clients (Individuals, Private companies, corporations)Strong skills in documenting & storing exceptions and approvals.Flexible and quick to adopt change in policies, systems and requirements.Has intermediate knowledge on MS excel (Formulas, Pivot and V look ups) and MS Power points.Â Governance, Risk and ControlsRelevant experience in compliance, risk management or operations with an investment bank or financial services firm for Wealth Management business.Ability to work with minimal supervision, oversight and with cross region teams.All KYC breaches, near misses or risk events will be managed and escalated where necessary.The individual will be required to deliver updates of KYC procedures, understand the policy and implement the operations changes and procedures required to meet the policy requirement.Able to handle reasoning and justification on KYC matters to AML Compliance and Legal teams.Accuracy, attention to details to avoid errors .Stakeholders managementFact based and ability to understand the risk involved and highlights the same across levels.Detailed oriented in order to understand all requirements at one go.Managing Business stakeholders- Ability to handle business supervision teams and Sales. Need to have good negotiation skills to plan the pipeline and negotiate the timeline.Has experience in written and verbal communication with AML, Compliance, legal, Internal Audits. Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details