TITLE: Asst Manager/ Manager Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for someone who can don dual hat - both hunt n farm. Â You will be supposed to do the following activities: Â Account Management o Make inroads in accounts. Foster positive relationships at all levels, particularly senior management levels o Access business requirements and sell fresher hiring recruitment solutions including assessments o identify, develop, support service and grow business in listed account in the region o Develop relationships across levels in the customer organization Â Revenue Generation o Manage renewal base and get new business from accounts o Crack new accounts o Maintain consistent pipeline o Crack competition accounts Â Client Relationship Management o Client Servicing & ensure usage of inventories subscribed o Arrange Regular product trainings o Be our Brand Ambassador in your region Â Documentation o Maintain and update enterprise account dockets o Undertake regular CRM initiatives to keep the listed accounts warmed Â Feedback o Liaison with Product team on regular basis and share market feedback o Develop and circulate the set of best practices that will be the foundation of this growing team Â Competition Tracking o Track competition in your accounts and strategize Salary:INR Very Competitive Salary + Incentive + Reimbursements Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills solution sales corporate sales enterprize sales assessments HR Solutions Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required To be a part of our growing team, you must be Solution sales professionals Min 2 years of experience Hunters, hungry for new business Great account management skills Good communication and presentation skills and ability to interact at CXO level. Prior experience will be a good add on Great negotiation and good influencing skills Good understanding of internet industry Ready to act in fast moving environment Independent and take decisions. Close sales Achieve and over achieve sales target consistently Engineer or MBA/ PGDBM or relevant experience in industry Be ready to work in a start up like environment Company Profile: FirstNaukri.com First Naukri.com is a naukri.com group portal and is one of the biggest job search networks for college students and recent graduates. The site is exclusively targeted towards entry level hiring . Maintaining the largest database of colleges and students across various courses in India, it brings relevant employers and prospective students in touch with each other. We have presence in major metros in India and are expanding. We are hiring experienced solution sales professionals to strengthen our sales team. We have requirements in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore at priority. We offer a great career and handsome remuneration. You will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced, rewarding environment. Some highlights:- 1. Great understanding of recruitment industry being a Naukri.com group venture 2. Unique proposition for employers and job seekers both 3. Info Edge is a listed company, first internet company of its kind (Capital efficiency, high EBITDA margins and negative working capital have led to a strong balance sheet) 4. A complete sales driven organization 5. We are not into lateral hiring from market. Our yesterday's best performers our are leaders of today 6. Flat organization, honest and open culture To know more about us, please visit www.firstnaukri.com. Visit our corporate site www.infoedge.in As one of the very few profitable pure play internet companies in the country, Info Edge is India's premier online classifieds company in recruitment, matrimony, real estate, education and related services We are listed as NAUK in BSE and NSE Info Edge is over 4000 plus workforce and 62 offices PAN India. Along with presence in Dubai, Bahrain. We are in the business of recruitment, matrimony, education and real estate successfully running www.firstnaukri.com, www.naukri.com, www.naukrigulf.com, www.jeevansathi.com, www.99acres.com, www.shiksha.com, and quadrangle (boutique search firm) We have invested in many companies like Zomato, Happily Married, Convera, Merit Nation, Policy Bazaar Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details