TITLE: Walkin for Finance Fresher in Statestreet HCL Services @ Chennai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walkin for Finance FreshersÂ at State Street HCL Services in Chennai for 2015Â batch on 28th & 29th November 2015 Â Â Desired Candidate Profile: Should have good knowledge of Accounting, Capital Markets, Mutual fund industry, servicing of institutional assets (funds) and the various intermediaries. Knowledge of instruments like Mutual Funds, Equities, Bonds, Derivatives, FX, Bank Debts, etc. Highly proficient in MS officeÂ Excel, Word, Outlook. Should be ready to relocate to Chennai/Coimbatore and work in night shift. Â Key Responsibilities/ Functions/ Role: Work with and assist other associates in meeting common goals. Partner with TLs, managers, and support teams to deliver accurate and timely financial information to clients. Analyse unique and recurring situations, come up with solutions and continuously improve processes, all with limited management interaction. Develop expertise with few repetitions. Update and follow existing tracking mechanism , log the errors and ensure timely correction of faults so that the recon process adhere to the specified timelines.Â Should be willing to work in shifts. Â Education: Freshers in B.Com, BBA, BA (Economics), BBM, M.Com, MBA (Finance), MA (Economics). 2015 Passed out batch. Skills: Good interpersonal and communication skillsÂ Written and Verbal. Ability to work in a deadline oriented group with peak period workflow. Highly proficient in MS officeÂ Excel, Word, Outlook. Â Date : 28th & 29th Novemer 2015 Â Role: Analyst Â Job Location: Chennai / Coimbatore Â Venue: Â Â HCL Technologies Ltd, No.107 & 108, WSS Towers,Â First Floor, Harris Road,Â Mount Road, Chennai - 600011 Landmark : Near Casino Theatre Â NoteÂ : Candidate are requested to carryÂ a copy of all education Docuements for the Interview. Â Contact Person: Yuvapriya Â Regards,Â Naresh RÂ Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Analyst Keyskills Finance Fresher finance fresher Commerce Graduate Capital Markets Investment Banking b.com Accounts & Finance 2015 pass out MBA 2015 B.COM 2015 bba 2015 bbm 2015 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Maths, B.A - Economics, B.B.A - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, M.Com - Commerce, M.A - Economics, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: State Street HCL Services In February of 2012, State Street, a global financial institution with more than $25 Trillion of Assets under Custody and Administration and more than $2 Trillion of Assets joined with HCL Technologies, a global technology and outsourcing company with operations in more than 30 countries and 90,000 employees, to establish State Street HCL Services (SSHS) Within a short span, SSHS is grown to more than 1200 employees in two countries, India and Philippines, across four different cities (Pune, Chennai and Coimbatore in India and Manila in Philippines). Employees at SSHS work across Capital Markets, Investment Management and Investment Services operations. Four out five employees have a degree in Finance or Accounting and go through an intensive four month training program to provide them an understanding of global financial services industry and an in depth understanding of the process they will be a part of. 'We Invest in Your Future' is the core theme of SSHS, a derivative of the HCL's Employees First philosophy. As part of this, employees completing a year with SSHS, based on performance have the option of pursuing an MBA with a leading business school or pursue a certification with Chartered Institute of Securities and Investments, largest body of Financial Services professionals in UK. With the organization growing at a frantic pace, we are looking for bright, young graduates/post-graduates with degrees in Commerce, Accounting, Economics or Finance (e.g. B.Com, M.Com, MBA, BA (Eco) etc.). To meet your requirement we are seeking candidature of those who graduated in 2015. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details