TITLE: Coordinator - Placement - Female

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation - Placement Assistant/ Coordinator Experience - 2 - 5 Years Education - Any Graduate Location - Bangalore/ Delhi JD - Assisting placement manager in placement activities. Determine placement requirements and preparing the reports for the same. Promote student placements with prospect clients. Coordination (outbound) with outstation teams. Managing database of student's profile and other special attributes which can match with job requirements. Coordination for placement drives and preparing the reports. Prepare Placement reports on daily basis. Desired profile - 2-5 years experience in MIS reporting and coordination. Should be efficient in Advance Excel. Should be open for extensive coordination on phone. Good communication skills. Should have very good experience in coordination. Should have good experience in report generation / MIS. Only females Mail cv on amita.saxena@frankfinn.com Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills MIS REPORT advance excel placement student coordination cordinator co - ordinator outbound Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training Frankfinn Aviation Services (Pvt.) Limited" is a Private Limited Company registered under the Companies Act, 1956. The Company was incorporated in January 1993. "Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training" is a Division of "Frankfinn Aviation Services (Pvt.) Ltd". It is a leading institute in training and development - THE ONLY INSTITUTE OPERATING ALL OVER INDIA in this field, with the largest network of training centers and also has operations/presence in Dubai, Mauritius & Hong Kong. The Company"s Corporate Office is in Mumbai. WORLD"S NO.1 INSTITUTE: Frankfinn is the world"s number one airhostess training institute and not without reasons. With centers across India, our network is the largest in the world. We have also produced more Air Hostesses than all other academies put together, a feat acknowledged by none other than the Limca Book of Records. In fact, Frankfinn is the only Institute in India where a maximum number of International Airlines have conducted campus/ exclusive interviews for recruitment of Air Hostesses / Flight Stewards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details