TITLE: AVP - Product Control - Investment Bank

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this AVP - Product Control - The primary function of Product Control is to work closely with all business stakeholders in achieving the objectives of the firm, in compliance with all relevant regulations and reporting requirements. Daily Responsibilities : - Review daily P&L, including understanding risk positions and market moves for P&L explanation, and review of flash vs formal differences. - Engage in detailed discussion with traders and risk managers on risk positions and P&L. - Ensure that the team's KPI and SLA are met. - Attend to ad hoc queries from the traders and other infrastructure partners relating to trading revenue and Balance Sheet. Weekly / Monthly Responsibilities : - Review key weekly & monthly MIS to senior management. - Gain in-depth understanding of provisioning and price testing controls and processes, and review the month end working. - Engage in detailed discussion with traders, risk managers and Independent Valuation Control team on the results. Liaise with valuation expert on modelling appropriateness and other technical/booking issues. - Perform detailed review of month end adjustments, and Balance Sheet substantiation - Providing strong leadership to Finance staff and act as a coach to communicate and achieve the Finance objectives and vision. - Promote and facilitate the application of Finance policies and procedures across the teams by monitoring adherence to the policies by the various Finance teams and ensuring in particular that they remain fully compliant with all finance regulatory/statutory requirements Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Investment Banking Keyskills Finance Investment Banking Product Control Senior Management Financial Reporting Risk Management MIS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills :Working experience :- 7-10 years of product control experience in a top tier investment bank.- Audit exposure in large financial institutions / banks preferred Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Leading Client of Ikya Human Capital Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details