TITLE: Regional Sales Manager - BFSI / Broking

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Major Deliverables : - Meet & exceed business sales targets in terms of volume, revenue & profitability. - Acquire quality new franchisees - Achieve customer Acquisition and Margin targets. - On boarding of Customer and Franchises as per the TSL norms in line with Compliance and Risk requirements. - Ensure servicing of the customers within agreed norms and service levels - Ensure cost of acquisition of the relationships is well within budgeted costs - Ensure the Franchise complies with the regulations of SEBI and Exchanges - Help, train and guide the team to develop and grow business - Hold Trainings for Branch, Franchise staff and clients periodically. - Cross sell non equity products through franchises. - Maintain proper systems and reports as required by TSL. Specialized job competencies : - Good knowledge of Capital Markets and practices. - Willing to be on the field and travel across the region. - Updated on competition business practices and products. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills Regional Sales Sales Management Broking Customer Acquisition Equity Franchise Region Cross Selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Educational Qualifications : Graduate. Post Graduation preferable.Desired Experience : Minimum 7 to 8 years experience in broking industry with 2 years hands on experience in leading a Region / BranchOther desired attributes : Good proficiency in English, Hindi and One Local language - Presentable - Strong and effective communication - High Energy levels & Self driven Company Profile: GIPS Management & Personnel Consultants Leading Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details