TITLE: Proposal Engineer - Civil & E&I

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1)Arrive at Correct and Optimum design 2) Provide correct BOQ at optimum cost 3) Support sales team for the post bid clarifications 4) Post order activities and support to Detailed Engineering 5) Provide technical support to Procurement activities for awarded projects Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Water Treatment / Waste Management Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills Design Proposal Engineering Detail Engineering design engineering Tender Preparation Cost Estimation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil, Instrumentation PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should be from EPC IndustryShould have knowledge in WTP/ STP/ ETP Tenders &BidsWilling to relocate to ChennaiGood communication in English is mustShould be a Passport holder for traveling abroadCan join in a short notice Company Profile: Va Tech Wabag Ltd VA TECH WABAG, established in 1924 is one of the world's leading multinational players in the area of water and wastewater treatment with more than 6,000 plants and 50 patented technologies. The company has operations in Europe, North Africa, Middle East and the APAC regions. The European operations are headquartered out of Vienna, Austria with many project and satellite offices spread across the globe. The company has R&D and innovation centers in Vienna, Austria and Switzerland to cope with the technological demands for catering to a thirsty planet. VA TECH WABAG offers the entire gamut of services ranging from consulting and planning, financing and installation including construction, to the operational management of plants and systems. VA TECH WABAG offers a product range that is wide ranging and is a leading technology partner in providing customized solutions in the following areas: a) Drinking Water Treatment b) Industrial Water Treatment c) Municipal Waste Water Treatment d) Sludge Water Treatment e) Sea and Brackish Water Desalination Also, during the last quarter of 2007, VA TECH WABAG AUSTRIA and VA TECH WABAG INDIA merged successfully and this merger shall result in VA TECH WABAG being one of the top three players in the Water Sector in the relevant markets of the Emerging World. Chennai is now the Global HQ of the company. VA TECH WABAG offers a very open, transparent, empowering; caring environment to work with and Compensation will match the best industry standards. The company has a track record of rewarding employees who 'Stay & Perform' through Performance Incentives, Rewards, Awards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details