TITLE: Senior Developer-bi

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: - To develop / maintain a module as per the design - Detailed design or Impact Analysis of a module Principal Accountabilities: The person in this job is responsible for the following: Balanced Scorecard Perspective Primary Duties or Major Activities Delivery / Process 1. Understand the customer expectations and perform Detailed design 2. Understanding requirements of the modules/ components assigned in-line with the overall project scope. 3. Assisting Analyst & Designer in Module Analysis & Design. 4. Implementing/ developing the code as per design. 5. Adherence to coding standards and guidelines 6. Ensure on-time quality delivery of allocated tasks 7. Compliance to SLK policies and procedures like Timesheet/ Leaves management etc. 8. Assisting Analyst & Designer in preparation of Integration Test Plan 9. Providing support during integration testing, system testing 10. Resolving any defects reported by peer reviews, independent verification and validation and testing. 11. Peer review Finance 1. Quality of code as defined by the SLK Process and thus reduce re-work 2. Contribute to re-usable of code / components Customer 1. Participate in Customer Calls 2. Provide Status reports as per defined timelines People 1. Team Collaboration 2. Learning initiatives as per the plan 3. Guiding junior Developers and Developers in their role Parameters KRAs Customer 1. Attend Customer Calls 2. Provide Status Report Process 1. Quality of Detailed design and Code 2. Schedule adherence 3. Adherence to delivery Processes and associated tools 4. Adherence to organizational policies & processes like time sheets filling, attendance & leave, appraisal etc. Finance 1. Code Quality as defined by the SLK Process 2. Contribution to re-usable of code / components People 1. Understand Project Domain 2. Upgrade Personal skills and competency 3. Building Team Relationships 4. Attend & effectively utilize L&D Trainings. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills coordination development tools team building design coding visio proactive code process Desired Candidate Profile Educational qualifications and Experience Engineering Graduate / BSc in Computer Science / Information Science or Equivalent with 3 to 5 Yrs of IT experience in Development. Knowledge and skills Functional skills: - SDLC understanding - Engineering Concepts (Design and Programming) - Design concepts and associated tools - Programming languages and associated tools - Development process and associated tools - MS Office (word, Excel, Power point, visio, etc)skills Behavioural skills: Parameter Description Commitment & Integrity Committed/ dedicated to the job assigned Keeps personal interest and agenda out of business processes. Team work Makes realistic commitment, executes and delivers them through joint ownership of the group. Flexible to varying view points and personalities. Value addition by identifying issues and providing suggestions. Team building, Intergroup coordination and Conflict management. Learning & Development Works towards process betterment/ simplification, accepts mistakes and takes proactive measures to correct them. Ability to learn independently, research and find solutions to problems/ issues. Keeps abreast of new developments through efficient use of organization resources. Communication Hone oral & written English to communicate & present effectively to the point. Assertiveness. Results Orientation Continuously assess goals, improvises with least assistance and deliver consistent & excellent results. Taking Initiatives. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: SLK Software Services Pvt. Ltd. The name 'SLK' in SLK Group is inspired by Mr. Shantanurao Laxmanrao Kirloskar. SLK was established in the year 2000, SLK Group consist of, SLK - Software, SLK - BPO. The overall People strength is around 5000+. Our People Practices fosters dynamic and collaborative work environment with a perfect mix of Team work, Support, rich culture and discipline. Our clientele includes some of the finest fortune 500 Corporations in USA and European Countries. We are specialized in providing a range of IT solutions and services by leveraging cutting edge technologies and industry best practices that deliver significant savings to our Fortune 500 customers. Our Quality Systems & processes are benchmarked against international standards and our Information Security and Management Systems are certified under ISO 27001:2005. Nurturing long-term partnerships has been the way of life at SLK and the company firmly believes that in the 'Power of Partnership' lies the ability to identify more opportunities, increase individual strengths, and intensify commitments. To know more about the company, please visit our company website www.slk-group.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details