TITLE: Manager/senior Manager - Transition - Mumbai/chennai

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Transition Manager: Job Description & Specification Position Objective The incumbent would be part of the Transition team and the primary responsibility will be to understand and document the processes at hand. Transition manager will have to understand the current process level of the processes and create a workflow and process maps for a distributed operation. Responsible to identify process improvement policies and developing performance ramp up goals thereby achieving customer delight and a seamless process migration as a whole. Manage the transition of projects from the inception phase till the project reaches stability post Go Live. The manager is responsible for identifying key risks in the project and collaboratively design the mitigation plans for the same Communication of the project progress to all stakeholders has to be done at regular / predefined intervals Business environment Vertical : Transition Process Name: Transition Scope: End to End Transition management Organization chart Reporting To: Head Transition Reportees (if Any): Not applicable Principal Accountabilities & Responsibilities: R Responsible The Doer - The individual(s) who actually do the job. The degree of responsibility is defined by the accountable person. Responsibilities can be shared. A Accountable The Buck Stops Here - The individual who is ultimately accountable - their neck is on the line if the job isnt done! They have the power of veto. Only one A can be assigned to an activity or decision. They can delegate the R (or choose to do them) C Consulted In the Loop - The individual(s) who need to be consulted prior to a final decision or action being taken. This is TWO-WAY communication. Consulted may not have a direct part in the task but is impacted by its completion. Their input may be necessary. I Informed Keep in the Picture - The individual(s) who need to be informed after a decision or action is taken. This is ONE-WAY communication. Input from the informed party is not necessary - but they will need to know. They may be required to take action as a result of the outcome. Accountabilities & Responsibilities Functional Ensure smooth transition of projects & develop an approach to create world class transition methodology AR Identify, raise & drive closure of issues as raised in the migration dashboards of each project. AR Aiding the presales team with his/her expertise in drafting proposals AR Work to define the detailed procedures and approach for migrating and transitioning operations/processes from the clients business units to CP. AR Define and create common processes and procedures for Client Services processes relating to Sales, visits, costing and transition R Collaborate with business development team to create transition approach for prospective clients. AR Participate in the establishment and development of the operation till stabilization AR Allocate resources and responsibilities within team to deliver business results R Build a team of cross functional domain experts R Quality Management: Is an ardent practitioner of high forms of quality of product and processes R Strictly adheres and enforces the quality and information security policies. AR Is actively involved in designing and implementing quality assurance procedures within the team. R Reports Communicate the Progress Report for all ongoing projects on a weekly basis AR Production Ensuring Issue Resolution A Identifying And Managing Process Risks A Ensuring Continuous Improvement Of Process Metrics Through Constant Review, Analysis And Planning A Compliances Adherence to company policies, rules and regulations A To follow quality processes thoroughly using checklist standards. A Responsible for complying with all QMS and ISMS Policies and procedures. A Ensuring process compliance (both internal and External) AR Qualifications and Technical Competencies Required: Education Mandatory: Bachelors Degree Experience 6 10 Years of Experience Technical Competencies: (Job related) Worked on MS Excel, MS Word & MS PPT Soft Skills: (Job related) Excellent communication & presentation skills Team player , dynamic & result oriented Tactfulness, perseverance & patience Have logical reasoning & analytical skills Mature enough to take decisions independently Others Mandatory: Should have knowledge of RFI and RFP. Manpower Planning and Budgeting Expertise in Six Sigma methodology Strong Domain Knowledge Ability to manage client relationships Strong understanding of BPM operations, quality and service level. Desirable: Knowledge of creating and tracking project progress on MS Project Certification: PMP certification desirable but not mandatory Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Transitions/Migrations Manager Keyskills Transition Transition Management BPO and ITES Graduate Open to travel Excellence communication skills Excellent planning skills PMP certified Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hexaware Technologies Ltd (Hexaware- BPS) Company Profile: Hexaware BPS is a unit of Hexaware Technologies Ltd. We are currently staffed at 2000+ people across Navi Mumbai (Mahape) Chennai, Nagpur and US. Ranked 15th in the NASSCOM Top 20 IT Software & Services Exporters from India, we also rank among the Top 20 Best IT employers in India by DQ-IDC for four years in a row. Hexaware BPS leverages on the strong technology strengths of its parent organization. Our core expertise is in providing outsourced services in functions such as Human Resources (HR Outsourcing), Finance & Accounting (F&A Outsourcing), and the Core Operations of companies in industries such as Insurance, Healthcare, Financial Services, Market Research, Utilities, Professional Services, and Engineering Services etc. In these areas we provide both BPM (transactional & interactional) and KPO (analytical and high end) services to our customers in North America, Europe and Asia. Our range of front and back office solutions include Transaction Processing, Documents Management, Voice Processes and Consulting services. Hexaware at a glance: * Global IT services company that specializes in delivering complex technology solutions. * Deep domain expertise in chosen 4 verticals. * Domain expertise backed by strong technology credentials in 5 chosen horizontals. * Integrated offering on Business Processes + Technology. * Strong proven history of delivery excellence. * Top 20 customer's tenure > 7 years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details