TITLE: Noc Engineer/noc Manager with wifi Experience with a MNC Company

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Title: 1>NOC Support Engineer/Network Engineer BSNL NOC 2>NOC Manager with experience in handling Team Duties and Responsibilities for Technical NOC Support Monitors the Network Monitoring System and responds to and addresses system generated alerts as needed. Good experience in WIFI division. Ensures maximum possible service availability and performance. Monitors and ensures the stability of the network infrastructure Prepares status reports and recap emails as necessary Provides support services for Field Engineering and other technical teams 24x7 support on our core network and services. Manages and maintains the health and uptime of APs and servers, routers, switches, firewalls, and related infrastructure operating systems and applications (ie: User Management, Backup, Anti-Virus, Email, etc.) Fault handling and escalation with vendors, FEs, handling escalation through to resolution. Provisioning (IP assignment, core network configuration, DNS setup, monitoring and other customer network services). Server builds and installs, application upgrades, network equipment build and installation, maintaining hardware serial audits. Facilities provisioning (installing racks, setting up power, installing Ethernet, fiber and console Cabling,remote power and KVM). Creates scripts to automate repetitive network management functions. Ensures stability and protection of electronic information (ie: manages backups, anti-virus, web surfing, firewall access, spam filtering, etc.) Prepares Timesheets Updates Trouble Tickets Creates Procedures Documents as necessary Documents standards and procedures. Development of knowledge and skills in network and system administration. Good communicator with a natural aptitude for dealing with people. Experience in wifi division.Â Good network diagnostic skills. Salary:INR 3,25,000 - 8,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Networking Switching Hardware Maintenance Antivirus DNS Network Monitoring Network Management wifi division wireless division Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Magnum Consultants NOC Engineer ,Noc Manager We are pleased to introduce ourselves as Magnum Consultants, Recruitment partners for major IT and Non IT companies PAN India for more than 10 years Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details