TITLE: VP- Product Control

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Accountabilities: Responsible for the line product control of a sub-set of an asset class, managing a line PC sub-team to fulfil responsibilities below: Daily Responsibilities: o Review daily P&L, including understanding risk positions and market moves for P&L explanation, and review of flash vs formal differences. o Engage in detailed discussion with traders and risk managers on risk positions and P&L. Ensure that the teams KPI and SLA are met. o Attend to ad hoc queries from the traders and other infrastructure partners relating to trading revenue and Balance Sheet. Weekly / Monthly Responsibilities o Review key weekly & monthly MIS to senior management. Gain in-depth understanding of provisioning and price testing controls and processes, and perform detailed review of the working files. o Engage in detailed discussion with traders, risk managers and Independent Valuation Control team on the results. Liaise with valuation expert on modelling appropriateness and other technical/booking issues. o Perform detailed review of month end adjustments, and Balance Sheet substantiation Controls o Ensure the maintenance of a strong internal control environment. Monitor control reports to ensure accuracy of data for P&L, validation and downstream processes. Raise the teams level of control awareness. Lead by example and engender a strong control culture. o Ensure clean audit results from internal and external reviews. Ensure the completeness and accuracy of key stroke documentations for key PC processes, risk assessment and SOX documentation. o Projects and Continuous Improvements Identify and drive process re-engineering and constantly challenge status quo for control improvement and process efficiency. o Motivate and empower the team to deliver continuous improvements. Management o Responsible for performance and development of the sub-team. Responsible for resource allocation within the sub-team and setting clear objectives for both business deliverables and personal development. Provide leadership and support/advice to the team. Focus on prioritisation and delivery. Drive team training. o The jobholder is specifically expected to deliver continuous improvement in financial processes and controls by: Ensure all staff are effectively led, motivated, developed and appraised so that their individual and collective performance is of the required high standard and meets the current, as well as the future, needs of the business. o Providing strong leadership to Finance staff and act as a coach to communicate and achieve the Finance objectives and vision. o Manage staff recruitment and turnover; ensure consistent training and development plans. o Promote and facilitate the application of Finance policies and procedures across the teams by monitoring adherence to the policies by the various Finance teams and ensuring in particular that they remain fully compliant with all finance regulatory/statutory requirements. o Lead performance review within the Finance teams, analyzing and interpreting financial information, and advising/challenging and supporting the team leaders in improving the financial control and reporting environment. o Take personal ownership for Performance Improvement by developing a meaningful and insightful performance management matrix capturing causal linkage between hard and soft performance deliverables. o Seeking ways of rationalizing, leaning and enhancing the existing processes and controls. Strategy o Develop and implement the business strategy for own business area. Monitor and drive plans to achieve successful completion of work as per the time, budget and quality standards. o Work extensively with the onshore stakeholders to identify and exploit opportunities for effective migration of processes. Leadership o Provide leadership to the process managers with an oversight for issue resolution. Create an environment that promotes continuous improvement and high levels of employee engagement. o Embed a culture of regular reviews and performance management aligned to GRB standards. Leverage and integrate the capabilities of resources across all levels of the organization to accomplish complex objectives. Service Delivery o Ensure adherence to daily schedule and service level agreements (SLAs). o Ensure process compliance as per the regulatory guidelines and audit requirements. Oversee the preparation of basic financial analysis, impairment analysis, financial reports, financial planning and financial statements analysis. o Review and analyse complex financial reports and financial statements analysis and present the same to the management. o Establish innovative systems and procedures for handling data & reports and continuously improvise on them. o Identify process improvement opportunities. Understand customer needs and provide innovative solutions. o Manage and monitor quality for the business area. Respond to and resolve issues arising out of interactions with clients. Ensure open communication and address issues/ concerns raised. Relationship Management o Establish and maintain effective working relationship with key stakeholders across businesses served. Team Management o Measure performance of the team against SLAs and KPIs. Ensure effective allocation and utilisation of resources across the team in order to maximise effectiveness. o Engage, motivate and coach the team towards achieving goals. Assist in identifying the developmental needs of the team & encourage taking suitable training programs to enhance capabilities and skills. o Communicate strategic developments within the business area. Groom and mentor the team to handle wider span & higher responsibilities. Build effective communication channels to ensure open communication and address issues/ concerns raised by the team. o Build effective vertical and horizontal communication channels. Controls and Compliance o Ensure adherence to and compliance with governance, risk policies, procedures and compliance policies. Other o Ensure escalation of issues to management on timely basis. o Proactive involvement in new business initiatives. o Build close working relationship with Front-Office, Middle-Office, Operations and Risk departments and promote PC profile. Be viewed as a trusted business advisor. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-CFO/Financial Controller Keyskills product control Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications /education:o Qualified accountant / CIMAo CFA / Masters in Finance / Financial Engineering would be an advantageWorking experience:o 5-7 years of product control experience in a top tier investment banko Articleship in mid to large sized firmso Audit exposure in large financial institutions / banks preferredTechnical knowledge / skills: o In Depth knowledge of financial product and markets of the relevant asset class and ability to learno Good understanding of end-to-end processes of an IB and associated controlso Excellent communication and presentation skills in both formal and informal settings & ability to interact with the region and UK / US as part of a global team (written and verbal)o Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritiseCandidate Profile: o Strong control awareness o Confident and assertive mannero Ability to work independently with a spectrum of people from junior finance staff to front office business heads.o Proactive and change focused with problem solving ability.o Mature and able to negotiate through difficult situationso Ability to drive the teams agenda in large forums spread across various locations. o Good influencing and negotiation skills and excellent communication and interpersonal skills.o Displays enthusiasm, initiative and diligence.o Opportunity to be groomed to be future leaders, where there will be expended remit for future growth.o Works well in a team with high standards for team work Leadership requirementso Judgment Balances short-term & long term goals, manages ambiguity well, is an astute risk taker, can see things in new and innovative ways and understands the business.o Influence Adept at influencing and aligning colleagues to make things happen, builds trusting and collaborative relationships, knows self deeply and creates teams to complement own strengths.o Execution Turns strategy into results, measures, manages and delivers performance, always delivers on promises. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and the ability to be creative and to think outside the box.o Drive Passionate about making a difference, relentlessly seeks out and overcomes major challenges, has real drive and determination, continuously raises the bar and is emotionally resilient. Proven track record in delivering to tight deadlines under pressure.o Excellent Communication & Presentation - Excellent people-management and relationship-building skills with ability to operate at most senior levels.o Process improvement drives through change and process re-engineering by continuously leaning and streamline processes.Language: o Ability to speak /write English fluentlyo Risk and Control objective:o Ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Operational Risk Framework and internal Company Policies and Standards. Company Profile: Niojak Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Niojak Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Niojak Placewell - Your Talent Search Partner Niojak HR Mall is pleased to present Niojak Placewell, India's First Recruitment Service that offers candidates screened by eligibility and suitability to match your hiring criteria. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details