TITLE: Vendor Operations Associate -cloudtail India Pvt Ltd(amazon JV

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear CandidateÂ We are looking for talented individuals to be part of our Vendor operations Team. Please find below the JDÂ Role : Vendor operations Associate / Senior Vendor Operations Associate Job Location ; Shanthi Nagar, Bangalore Vendor Operations team is designed to guide and assist customers/vendors to ensure seamless experience while working with Cloudtail systems. As a part of this team, the primary role will be providing all reasonable support to customer/vendors in improving their capabilities to ensure that they are able execute their business in the most optimum way. The role will comprise of assisting the customer /vendor to get well versed with various Cloudtail tools and provide on ground support to assess inputs like PO management, shipment etc. These tasks include, but are not limited to, assisting in training on populating/procuring catalog content, face to face interacting/coordinating with the vendors/manufacturers/customers, identifying and correcting errors, maintaining records of work received and work performed etc. In addition to being a support associate grooming customers/vendors to become self-sufficient on the platform, the individual is expected to take on larger responsibilities such as initiating and owning process improvement projects, participating actively in stakeholder calls/meetings etc. I. Skills Strong written and spoken communication skills Good working knowledge of MS Office Suite II. Ability to . Multi task in a fast paced environment . Operate in the system with speed and accuracy necessary to meet Cloudtail standards Â Handle stressful situations, maintain composure, and communicate clearly with both internal and external stakeholders III. Demonstrate .Passion for Business Development Â Strong interpersonal skills Â Excellent listening skills Â Excellent data accuracy skills, eye for detail, and commitment to meet deadlines IV. Critical Qualities / Characteristics Â Pace of implementation and consistency in performance Â Willingness to take initiatives and additional responsibilities .Willingness to travel . Commitment and completion factor Â Peer respect - establish and maintain cooperative working relationships Creative and analytical problem solvers with a passion for operational excellence g. Identify areas of possible process improvements V. Operations .Meet and interact with Local vendors on Day-to-Day basis in initial process setup. Flag possible escalation, dive deep to recommend and implement corrective actions Â Flag any updates received from stakeholders on process to Team Lead/Manager . Be part of client calls to raise challenges, lead, and document conference discussions VI. Experience and Qualifications Bachelors degree in any discipline 1 to 2 years of experience in data-driven business operations processes where associates are required to handle large volume of data as part of their daily tasks and take decisions based on analysis of such data.Â 1 to 2 years of experience in procurement processes such as placing PO, working on lead time and knowledge is a plus Preferred Qualifications Preferred fluency in multiple languages including Hindi and English If interested please revert with an updated CV to reenj@cloudtail.in Salary: Sudexo + Medical Insurance + Travel Allowance Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills Process Improvement Strong Interpersonal Skills Communication Skills MS Excel Vendor Management Sourcing Procurement sourcing buyer materials Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Cloudtail India Pvt Ltd. Cloudtail India Private Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Prione Business Services Private Limited. Prione Business Services Private Limited is a joint venture between Catamaran Management Services Private Limited and Amazon Asia Pacific Resources Private Limited. Cloudtail India Pvt Ltd. is one of the sellers on the www.amazon.in platform and operates in various product groups such as Consumer Electronics, Apparels, Media, and Home & Kitchen etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details