TITLE: Walkin For System Administrator Opening @ Chennai Location

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for candidates who have a minimum of 1-5 years of experience in System Administrator/Desktop Support Engineer. To have basic knowledge on system hardware and Networking To have knowledge on OS, Printers and peripherals To have knowledge on Mail configuration and trouble shooting , end-user configurations, Switches and routers. Server support also added advantage Experience: 1Year to 5 Years Interested candidate can directly walkin at the given venue.,date & time. Please find the venue details for attending interview. Accel Frontline Limited (www.accelfrontline.com) No 132,Murugesa Naicker complex, Greams road, Chennai-06 Landmark : Behind IDBI Bank Time:10:00 AM-2:00 PM Date:Saturday,28th November 2015 Regards, Naveen Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:System Administrator Keyskills Hardware Networking System Administration Printers Troubleshooting Configuration End User Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Accel Frontline Limited Accel Frontline Limited is a leading provider of Integrated IT services to small, medium and large enterprises. The company with an employee strength of about 3000, operates in 7 countries and offer the following services, Engineering and R&D services Outsourced Product Development (OPD) IT Infrastructure Management (RIMS) Managed Services Enterprise Applications for Banking, Telecom and Manufacturing Company Overview An ISO 9001: 2000 Certified company with 100+ locations in India, offering IT Infrastructure services. Accel Limited bought back BT's Stake and becomes the majority share holder with 70.44% stake in 2011. In 2011 , the company Integrated Ushus technologies , a group company engaged embedded software to strengthen its software services portfolio. In 2012, in a move to consolidate its IT business activities, it decided to merge Accel Frontline Services Limited which is a leading player in Warranty Management Solutions with itself. With this merger which is under implementation, the company will have strong presence as a consolidated IT Services Provider in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details