TITLE: Relationship Manager - Business Banking

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sourcing new clients with facility size of 10Cr + upto 30/40 Cr, along with maintaining end to end relationship with the client, i.e. from sourcing to disbursement, servicing, renewal and enhancement with proper compliance. Job Responsibilities : - New client acquisition for working capital and term loans - Maintaining Key Customer Relationships and understanding their product needs - Cross-sell various Trade and Treasury Products, Bill Discounting, Bank Guarantee, Letter of Credit, Cash Credit / Overdraft, Payment and Cash Management, Factoring, current accounts, etc. - Coordinating with credit team and other related departments - Ensuring the portfolio meets all compliance standards. - To deepen share of wallet for the acquired portfolio. - Portfolio and client monitoring and ensuring maintenance of portfolio quality - Act as single point for customer query resolution Required Skill set : - Experience in origination and relationship management in the relevant segment (Turnover of 40 Cr + and facility size of 10 Cr +) - Strong market knowledge and connect in the relevant segment - Knowledge and experience in handling credit applications and getting them approved through the system (should be customer - owner- in current organisation and not just a - lead generator- ) - Excellent written and verbal communication skills - MBA in Finance or CA, with knowledge of corporate Banking and Trade products. - Problem analysis and problem-solving and orientation towards risk analysis - Team player - Proficient in local language and English - Strong Sales & Target Orientation - Strong customer centric approach Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Relationship Management Business Banking Sales Accounting Corporate Banking Working Capital Finance Factoring New Client Acquisition Cross Selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Quest Career Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Leading Client of Quest Career Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details