TITLE: Senior Design Engineer (crash and Safety)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Lead the design and development of parametric digital models related to specific domain Automotive Crash and Safety. Vehicle Crash Safety, Performing Full vehicle crashworthiness analysis in passive safety to meet Crash requirements as per regulations. Understanding the requirement from customer and using LS DYNA and ANSA to provide the analysis results. Take from the Design team the core design which needs to be analyzed and using the various load factors on the CAE applications, do the analysis. Post Analysis advise design Engineers and Product Engineers of any changes that need to be made to ensure better Crash Worthiness of the Vehicle and Changes that need to be made to safety parameters to ensure ruggedness of the vehicle Lead the LS-Dyna and ANSA Groups as the customer interface pre and post analysis for Crash related areas like - Frontal Impact, Roof Crush, Bungee sled and Seat belt Anchorage. Interacting in Crash scenarios (Quasi-static and Dynamic) analysis. Result interpretation and Report Making. Physical inspection of the vehicle/test setup before in house test or at testing agency. Ensure CAE Analysis for Crash worthiness is done necessarily within the guidelines of the ECE/FMVSS regulations on occupant safety. Complete deck preparation as and when necessary for FMVSS and ECE regulations Providing suggestions based on the analysis results for design modification and optimization for the betterment of the product. Guiding CAE engineers to learn basics of CAE starting from best meshing practices and considerations and troubleshooting techniques. Leading the technical team and mentoring junior members in the team to achieve targets Follow up with designers to ensure implementation of CAE passed design Inspection of the test/test device at reliability lab for UPD's testing. Report preparation with design suggestions and feedback. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills Cae Ansa Design Engineering LS - DYNA Analysis Design Development Target Achievement Report Preparation Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Graduate or Post Graduate Engineer (Preferred) Minimum Experience of atleast 3 4 yrs (In case of Mtech) and 5 + years in case of Graduate Engineer Proven Track record of extensive experience in LS-Dyna, ANSA, OASYS is DEFENITELY NEEDED FOR THIS ROLE Good understanding and Interacting with design team (or customer crash team) to suggest modifications based on CAE result. Hands one experience on Crash and Safety related CAE analysis for either an Engineering Services Company or Tier 1 Company or OEM is a MUST for this role. Proven track record to read and interpret CAE results to make the necessary changes in the design would be a definite advantage. Ideal candidate would have hands on experience on Crash related CAE for areas like Full Frontal, Side Impact, and Rear Impact crash regulations is preferable Excellent interpersonal skills and Good communication skills in English. Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details