TITLE: HCL Walkin - Hiring for Technical Freshers - 30th Nov 2015

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HCL is hiring Technical Freshers!!! Excellent opportunity with those who want to make a software career. This is Tess from the Talent Acquisition Team in LanceSoft, Inc. This is with reference to the various openings with our client HCL in Chennai , Hyderabad ,Bangalore and Delhi/NCR. HCL TSS aims to enable fresh graduates and engineers to launch successful careers in Information Technology through its unique business model.Â We are hiring B.Tech, BCA & MCA students who have a 55% and above throughout career for a program called HCL Leap HCL LEAP is a 6 month, full time, residential training program which addresses critical skills required for desired transformation from student to a best-in-class professional, enabling the learner to launch careers in Application Support & Maintenance, Testing and Networking & Infrastructure Management. In the past 2 years, over 1200 graduates have successfully completed the program and are now deployed in HCL Technologies. HCL LEAP consists of a 3 month on-campus class room training and a 3 month on-job training module. The campus module is conducted at their world-class learning center at Manesar (near Gurgaon).Â Job Description : Designation: Associate Graduate Engineer Trainee & Associate Graduate Trainee Stipend: INR 5000 per Month during the On the Job Training (OJT) Location: Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and NCR Salary: Annual CTC of INR 2 Lacs per annum (after the training is over); to be increased substantially on Probation Confirmation Certifications during the Training Period (Industry Recognized Certifications) : o NetworkingCCNA Windows MCSA o TestingISTQB Linux RHCSA o Software ApplicationsITIL 2011 SQLMCTS Eligibility:Â o BE/ BTech (CS, IT, ECE, EEE), M.Tech, MCA with an Aggregate of min 55% and above in Class X, XII and 60% above in degree or equivalent. o BSc (IT/ CS/ Physics) or BCA with an Aggregate of min 55% and above in Class X, XII and 60% above in graduation Recruitment Procedure : o Pre Placement Talk o Voice & Accent Interview o Online Test PROGRAM FEES: Selected Students need to pay INR 1,00,000*(40k as seat confirmation and 60k on the day of joining) at the start of the training program and the balance fee of INR 50,000* need to be paid in 15 installments starting from first month of employment with HCL TSS.(*applicable taxes extra)Â If interested in the position mentioned,please drop in to the venue mentioned below Documents to be carried: Updated Resume Walkin Details: 30-Nov-2015Â Timings - 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM Venue Details: LanceSoft India Pvt Ltd 1st Floor, Manohara Plazaa, Near Kundalhalli Gate, Brookfield ITPL Road, Bangalore - 560 066 India Landmark: Near Hypercity Mall, Above HDFC Bank. Salary:INR 2,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Training Fresher Fresher and Entry Level Entry Level Technical Training technical fresher Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LanceSoft India Pvt. Ltd. Lancesoft Inc. is an IT Project Management and Consulting firm headquartered in Chantilly , VA with offices in US, UK and India. Lancesoft`s clientele includes Fortune 1000 to major corporations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details