TITLE: Recruitment Drive for Body Rubber Seals at Bangalore on Nov 28th

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Outline mechanism Development Rubber seals design &Development (Door seals, welt, Trunk seals, Hood seals) respecting Quality, Cost, Delivery Coordination with other designers/ suppliers / manufacturing dept Deployment of requirements in-line with Parent Organization needs. Response to Q&A from/to suppliers Working with PDM packages (team center/ Wind chill/GDG) Monitoring and reporting of cost, quality and schedules Project Material preparation for progress meetings. Minimum Skill Requirements 3-4 years relevant experience in part development sealings(Door seals, welt, Trunk seals, Hood seals) CAD experience in CATIA V5-Medium Level Expertise Should have Product experience in seals ,Profile check, Rubber molding, Fitment Experience in PDM packages (team center/ Wind chill/GDG) Sound knowledge of ISO GD&T Excellent written and verbal English communication skills Expertise in using MS office tools like Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel and Word Cost Reduction Study experience at component and system level Project management experience is an added advantage Desirable Additional Skill / Experience Knowledge of automotive industry and markets. Knowledge of checking 10X profiles, fixtures, and quality issue solving capability Part Quality aspects Must able to drive complete part Design from supplier selection to PPAP with Plant Quality. Must able to work in a cross functional Team. (Purchase, Quality Costing etc) Knowledge of Quality Systems like QS9000, APQP etc. Academic Background Degree (With 3-4 years & above experience) /Diploma (5 years & above experience) in automotive OEM / Tier 1 suppliers / service providers Timings : 9.00 AM to 12.00 PM Venue : Vivanta by Taj M G Road, Bangalore 41/3 Mahatma Gandhi Road Bangalore 560 001 Karnataka, India Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills rubber seal Rubber seal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Automobile, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Automobile, Mechanical Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Knowledge of automotive industry and markets.Knowledge of checking 10X profiles, fixtures, and quality issue solving capability Part Quality aspectsMust able to drive complete part Design from supplier selection to PPAP with Plant Quality.Must able to work in a cross functional Team. (Purchase, Quality Costing etc)Knowledge of Quality Systems like QS9000, APQP etc.Must able to work in a cross functional Team. (Purchase, Quality Costing etc)Knowledge of Quality Systems like QS9000, APQP etc. Company Profile: Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India Pvt Ltd M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. (RNTBCI) is a 50:50 Joint Venture Company established under the Renault Nissan alliance on 21st September, 2007. This joint venture was set up with the objective of catering to the localization needs of Renault and Nissan in various research, business and automotive technologies; also contributing to both partners' global operations in the key areas of advanced research and development, advanced CAE (Computer-Aided Engineering), product development, digital vehicle development, information systems development, Business Process Outsourcing and local and global parts sourcing. M/s. RNTBCI envisions the following: To be an alliance key asset providing to Renault and Nissan the full Indian potential for the best-in-class innovative services, processes & solutions; To grab unique opportunities in India as a virgin market for alliance brands; To provide a career path in the local and international scenario. M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. is located in a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) - Mahindra World City, Chennai; approximately 40 km from the airport and 20 km from the Renault Nissan Automotive India manufacturing plant. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details