TITLE: Project/programme/delivery/engagement/transition/architect Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interested Candidates are requested to mail the CV mentioning the position applied for in the Subject, eg: "Project Manager" to abhishek@anthroplace.in Â We have large no. of Openings for senior professionals from IT Infrastructure Domain , especially from Client Server / Storage / Middleware / Mainframe Infrastructure: Â JOBÂ LOCATION:Â Anywhere In INDIA, esp. South India Â 1. Project Manager or Programme Manager 2. Service Delivery Manager 3. Engagement Manager 4. Transition Manager 5. Technical Solution Architect / Manager 6. First / Second Line Manager Â 1. Project Manager or Programme Manager: Â Mandatory: ITÂ INFRASTRUCTUREÂ DOMAIN Â Project Manager - IT Infrastructure ONLY PROJECT MANAGERS FROM IT INFRASTRUCTURE DOMAIN ARE REQUESTED TO APPLY PERSON WILL BE ENTITLED FOR END TO END PROJECT MANAGEMENT OF THE CLIENTS. PROJECTS WOULD BE FOR US / EMEA / UK / ASIA PACIFIC CLIENTS & WOULD REQUIRE TO WORK IN THEIR SHIFT TIMINGS Â # The person should have one complete implementation of the project through all stages. # To work with different geography teams to deliver the solutions to the different customers. # To facilitate the delivery of the Solution Maturing phase of the project by managing the development and approval of Server Solutions Organisation detailed/matured Technical Solution Document ready for the Implementation phase of the project # To develop detailed implementation plans using MS Project ( or Account Specified tool) to enable delivery of the Technical Solution Document # To conduct Project Definition Workshops with all the stakeholders and produce the written report - the Project Definition Report. # To work with the Delivery Integration Team to ensure that all relevant Teams within the Co. and alliance teams are engaged to deliver the service at Implementation # Responsible for remote coordination of infrastructure implementation/integration # Estimate initial project cost and timing with the help of project team members of different Geography'S or customers as desired. # To engage and manage technical resources to deliver the project plan # Acquire budget approval to all Project Costs - hardware & software spend, resource costs, floor space, licences etc. # Create necessary documents with attention to quality and adhere to the account specific process requirements # To deliver the project plan to scope, timescales and budget by tracking all activities against Plan and all actual costs against budget. # Identify and manage cost, schedule or scope changes to the projects. # Follow Account specific Project change review process and submit Project change requests # To agree deliverables/milestones and report project progress to the account specific management in place on the particular project. # To chair regular Technical Project Review Meetings, Customer facing Meetings (if required), attend TPD Review Meetings and produce all documentation and minutes as appropriate. # To manage risks and issues impacting project deliverables # Maintain all required documentation in a central repository (Project Control Book and Team Room) # To escalate relevant issues and risks in accordance to the TPD Project Issue and Risk Management Procedure and the account specific Process. # To manage all changes in accordance to the TPD Change Management Process so preventing the implementation of unauthorized changes and cost exposures. # Acts as primary interface to the customer, other vendors and alliance personnel associated with the project Â Required: - Mandatory 15 years education - 8+ years of experience in the IT Infrastructure - 2 + Years of Project Management experience - Infrastructure domain knowledge is essential. - Project Management of atleast 2 Projects through various stages. - Experience managing multiple projects with competing priorities. - Ability to develop and monitor project schedules and timelines to identify and meet critical mile stones - Ability to deliver the project on the budgeted cost and track the budget - Ability to create the project documents as necessary to detail. - Ability to do remote project management teams through different geographies. - Proficiency of Project management tools. - Profiicient in Project management tools & processes. - Good and effective Oral and written Communication skills. Â Â Desired: - BE/BTech/MTech/Graduate with First class Degree - PMP Certified - ITIL Certified - PRINCE 2 Certification Â Â 2. Service Delivery Manager Â Mandatory: Should be from IT Infrastructure Domain Â Min Total Exp: 8 years Â We have multiple positions for: Â -Service Delivery Manager -Client Support Manager -Engagement Manager -Delivery Project Executive Â For all the positions we are looking for Delivery experience Â A brief Job Description is provided below: Â # The Service Delivery Manager will be the second line manager and accountable for the overall service delivery/performance of the accounts as regards to the SLA contracted. The SDM will work closely with the competency leader and drive the business objectives established for the accounts/competencies. Â Responsibilities: Â #Define and implement awards and recognition schemes #Full responsibility for completion of PBC / IDP process for area for the Co. staff they manage #Ensure the Co. staff have strong career development including: management of IDPs, succession planning, training plans, ongoing development, career road maps, coaching and mentoring #Ensure there is a retention plan for areas of responsibility to include: succession planning, attrition minimization, morale improvement activities, and input to India wide initiativesImplementation of SIP for area as per guidelines. #Signoff and control of expenses. #Manage all HR management of the Co. staff - including promotions, discipline and all other line manager responsibilities. #Ensure mentors in place for key talent, succession plans for key talent, and participate and assist with input and collation of info for people days. #Actively promote mentoring and act as mentor. #Actively manage as per PBC guidelines. #Ensure full compliance for Midrange for any security related items. #Ensure desks follow processes as defined by central services. #Process Improvements and actively invloved in Midrange factroy model. #Participation in Audit activities as required. Full budget control of areas responsible for, includes appropriate cross charging back to accounts, ensure plan vs. actual is in line each month. #Ensure IT Security diary green status. #Ensure full compliance of claim or agreed upon method of time recording with 0% delinquency. #Ensure there are active communication plans for Midrange to include internal the Co. information / business information / account awareness, ensure strategic priorities are communicated with clarity to key personnel, promote open communication channels and 2 way communication. #Support the Midrange competency vision / mission, team with other competencies. Work actively to ensure inter desk process work - for example promotions structure, movement of resource, ability to react to critical situations in any given area, work with Transition / Central Services to ensure consistency / interlock / effectiveness. #Own Service Improvement Plans for any given account and deliver to successful completion, handling of account escalations where appropriate / necessary. #Compliance to contracts (no contractual breaches), pro actively ensure processes are implemented to minimize scope creep on account for Midrange, accept projects into BAU, work in partnership with transition. Â Required: Â Mandatory: Should be from IT Infrastructure Domain #15 or more Years of minimum Years of Education required #Total Experience: 11 Years, minimum #Required Skills - Technical and Non Technical #Technical expertise in atleast 2 of the following technologies - #UNIX/INTEL/TIVOLI/iSeries/VMS #People Mgmt. #Customer management. #Project Mgmt. #Excellent communication skills, Presentation and conflict management skills, performance management #At least 5 years experience in Service Delivery Manager #English: Fluent Â Â 3. Engagement Manager Â Engagement Manager is a role which deals with Solution reviews and facilitation with Internal Competency/Support groups that drive business growth. This role requires knowledge in Infrastructure Managed Services environment, understanding of client's business requirements. It involves reviewing technical solution requirements, closely working with the various competencies/ Service Lines for cost-effective solution build and interlocking with the Solution Architect. As an Engagement manager you will be required to take ownership of handling Work-Packets and be accountable for the overall Quality and Service levels for Solution responses. You will also need to carry out the cost estimation for the proposed solution. As an individual contributor working as part of a team, this role will require you to absorb professional knowledge quickly, develop skills and draw upon professional concepts to collaborate with others; guide other team members; identify problems, analyze causes and recommend solutions to job related problems; challenge the validity of given procedures and processes with the intent to enhance and improve; have a positive impact on customer satisfaction, business and business measurements including cost and expense; coordinate activities of less experienced or less knowledgeable team members, as required. Â #Total 6 years of experience required minimum #Minimum 3 to 5 years experience required in managing IT Infrastructure. #Required Skills - Technical - Good Hands-on Knowledge in 1-2 Service Line competencies such as Service Desk, Desktop Services, Server Support, Zseries/Mainframe support, Storage, Email & Collaboration, Database, Middleware, Network and Security domains #Knowledge of ITIL will be an advantage. #Exposure to Proposal writing/Solutioning will be an added advantage #Prior experience in Client relationship management will be an added advantage #Engagement and Negotiation Experience #Good Oral and Written Communication for internal and external clients #Financial / Costing Experience, Knowledge of staffing ratios etc will be an advantage #Must be self-driven and positive attitude Team Player Â Â 4. Transition Manager Â We would be looking for Candidates who have been independently Transitioning IT Infrastructure projects in a Datacenter kind of environment. Â Positions are open for Transition Manager & Sr. Transition Managers Â Â 5. Technical Solution Architect / Manager Â Â We are scouting for Senior resources for the position of Technical Solution Architect / Manager Â This role assumes overall technical responsibility for the success of solution construction, implementation and system integration in a technology, industry or business speciality. They deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements. They utilize in-depth knowledge of leading-edge products and technology in conjunction with industry and business skills to influence clients. Â 1. Understand the client's vision, goals, objectives, strategy, tactics, and how they relate to our Client's business objectives 2. Work with client to formulate business, organization and/or information strategies to help them apply information, technology and/or services in support of their business 3. Apply work product knowledge and IC assets to craft new/innovative, complex solutions to client business problems. 4. Determine what specific solutions, skills and capabilities our Client possesses to address client needs and their overall profitability to our Client 5. Work as part of a project team to develop a plan to finalize solution (scope, deliverables, assignments and client checkpoints) 6. Prepare value assessment proposal outlining the impact IBM Consulting can have on client business process/issues based on our past experiences with other clients 7. Prepare a cost/benefit analysis 8. Define and prepare Statements of Work (SOW) and proposals that clearly identify objectives, scope, benefits, costs, responsibilities, assumptions, deliverables, schedules, completion criteria and resource requirements needed to successfully start a small- to medium-sized engagement 9. Tailor specific contractual templates for use as part of a solution proposal 10. Understand and executes the Quality Assurance process 11. Understand basic transaction pricing and profitability dynamics 12. Explain Our Client's strategic product families, the hardware and software components. 13. Relate the major differences between platforms for purposes of product positioning and addressing customers requirements. 14. General knowledge of main IBM platform competitors. 15. And, in platform(s) of your expertise, direct knowledge of OEM platform(s). Â Total Exp: 10 years (Relaxable to 7 years) Relevant Exp: Min 2 years Â TECHNOLOGY: IT Infrastructure - UNIX / WINDOWS / STORAGE ARCHITECTURE Â This role assumes overall technical responsibility for the success of solution construction, implementation and system integration in a technology, industry or business speciality. They deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements. They utilize in-depth knowledge of leading-edge products and technology in conjunction with industry and business skills to influence clients. Â Technology: Â MANDATORY: UNIX / WINDOWS / STORAGE ARCHITECTURE Â Infrastructure Architecture - In-depth knowledge in one of IT Infrastructure area like - Server (Unix/Windows) - Storage - DataCenter and knowledge on related area. Â Or Strong delivery experience in one or more of the following platforms: - Unix/Linux - Windows - Storage Â Basic knowledge on costing is an added advantage. Â Mandatory: Â 15 years formal education Good communication Â Â 6. First / Second Line Manager Â We are looking for professionals having Â Min Total Exp: 10 years Â Min People Management Experience: 2 years (Span of Control: Atleast 15 members) Â Min Service Delivery Experience: 3 years Â We are having this position with different teams for different accounts as per the technology with our client as mentioned below: Â Technology Requirement: Â 1. Middleware A/C - Especially Websphere Â This role specializes in performing and enabling remote technical support of Middleware software and solutions. Provides technical support assistance to customers using problem determination/problem source identification skills. Utilizes technical and negotiation skills in collaboration with other support operations/organizations to prioritize and diagnose problems to resolution. Communicates action plans to the customer or IBM representative as appropriate. Recommends and implements new or improvements to existing technical support tools, procedures, and processes. May provide training for and mentor others on the team. Contributes to department attainment of organizational objectives and high customer satisfaction. Â 2. Oracle / SQL / Sybase / DB2 / My SQL - The same technical responsibilities as mentioned above Â 3. Midrange - Unix (AIX, UNIX, Solaris, Linux) or Intel (Windows) - The same technical responsibilities as mentioned above Â 4. Storage - Any Storage product, Netapps, SAN, EMC, Tivoli, etc. Â People Manager ============= Share information and assign work to link employees' work to the Cos strategy, market performance and local organization's goals. Simplify complex goals and help individuals and teams to align priorities with the Cos strategic direction. Assign individuals and collaborate with other leaders to allocate employee resources in a manner that best meets the Cos, project/account, and individual development needs. Accept accountability for business results including meeting client satisfaction, productivity, financial, and other business measurements. Lead or participate in organization planning, providing leadership and support to ensure that business objectives are met. Foster teamwork and inclusion across organizations, cultures and geographies -- and promote the Cos diversity and inclusive leadership and the Cos Values. Support activities and projects involving cross-functional teams which contribute to the Cos success. Provide employees feedback to improve performance. Establish clear performance expectations and hold people accountable for results. Recognize contributions by employees and teams. Lead by example in all activities. Lead in a manner that enhances the Cos climate and business results. Support change, encourage employees to innovate, evaluate suggestions, and remove obstacles to implementation. Assure employee equity and encourage employee growth and opportunity. Advise and coach employees to help them develop their skills and capabilities to best meet their career desires and current or future business needs. Execute processes for the normal operation of employee programs. Analyze and interpret new situations. Resolve complex problems independently or through the management of others. People Manager job role has considerable latitude in responsibilities to define and determine processes, priorities and resources following general business unit, country or regional directives. Â Service Delivery Manager ======================== This role is the primary contact between the DPE and delivery support organization. They are an integral part of the account planning and delivery support strategy. They support the DPE and/or PE as the service delivery advocate. They proactively monitor the problem and change process and manages problem and change issues and alerts as needed. They work with the customer (project office) to understand issues and requirements and responds to requests for new services (RFS's) to help grow the business. They help to ensure quality of service and manage cost of delivery by looking at better ways to provide service in a cost efficient manner. They lead and direct the delivery team with direction from the DPE/PE and may be assigned to one or more accounts depending on their size and complexity. They monitor and manage Service Level performance on assigned account(s) and reports attainment and potential exposures in a timely manner. Â Responsibilities include: - Provide DPE/PE single point of contact and be the advocate between Service Delivery and the DPE/PE/Customer - Manage cost including annual DOU/interlock plan negotiations between service delivery and the DPE/PE - Ensure positive customer satisfaction and customer relationship is maintained - Manage delivering to contract performance standards and client measurements - Drive/Manage service quality and improvement of service delivery processes - Participate in the (O)/U cost/recovery management with the DPE/PE - Continually identify ways to reduce cost delivering the services and improve service - Deliver on service commitments - As directed by the DPE/PE, drive/manage subcontractors/third party providers - Participate in Technical proposal preparation and submit to DPE/PE for review and approval - Participate in account plan/strategy - Understand customer requirements and business opportunity/requirements identification, guidance, support and closure - Provide technical support and participate in the Change Control Board and/or change control process - Provide account leadership/direction and technical support - Participate in response to RFS's on behalf of the delivery organization - Drive/participate and coordinate audit readiness and GSD331 compliance for delivery - Drive/participate and coordinate crisis management Â First Line Manager manages a team size of 100 to 500 & Second Line Manager Manages a team size of 500 + Â Applicants are requested to mention the position in the subject, eg: "FLM - UNIX / WINDOWS" or & "FLM - Storage", etc. Salary:INR Compensation: Based On Experience Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Project Manager Programme Manager Service Delivery Manager Engagement Manager Transition Manager Manager SDM Technical Solution Architect Architecture Solution Architect Infrastructure Solutioning Account Manager Client Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required We are scoutng for Senior resources from IT Infrastructure Domain Â There are a lot of positions open. Based on the experience of the professional we would fit the profile with our client Â Mandatory: Â 1. ITÂ Infrastructure 2. 15 years regular education 3. Min 8 years education 4. Open to 24Â X 7 environment 5. Excellent Communication Skills Â Desired: Â Certifications - ITIL - PMP - PRINCE 2 - Others Â Interested Candidates are requested to mail the CV mentioning the positionÂ applied for in the Subject, eg: "Project Manager"Â to abhishek@anthroplace.in Company Profile: ANTHROPLACE Consulting Pvt Ltd Fortune 100 IT MNC Our Client has set the agenda for the industry, providing solutions "On Demand". It has been present in India since 1992 (re-entry, after an exit in the 1970s). Since inception, the company in India has expanded its operations considerably with regional headquarters in Bangalore and offices in 14 cities including regional offices in New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. Today, the company has established itself as one of the leaders in the Indian Information Technology (IT) Industry. Our Client is the world's and also India's largest information technology services and consulting provider. It provides the entire spectrum of customers' e-business needs -- from the business transformation and industry expertise of the Business Consulting Services to hosting, infrastructure, technology design and training services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details