TITLE: Executive Administration

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To Assisting the Deputy Director in his day today activities such as scheduling the meetings,Travel arrangements and announcements. - To support the employees in Travel & Accommodation both National & International travel in coordination with Corporate Team. - To administer and coordinate with Canteen, Cafeteria, Pest control, Housekeeping, GardeningÂ and other Â activities. - Â Organise meetings internally, take minutes of meeting and follow up till actions are completed. - Â Making arrangements for uniform for employees. - Â Other administrative activities directed by HR Department. It is a generalist role ; Â besides reporting to the Deputy Director, the person has to take care of general administration activities as detailed above. Â Hence, the person should be flexible and dynamic. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Keyskills Housekeeping Cafeteria Administration Canteen Pest Control Accommodation Gardening Travel Arrangements tour arrangements airline arrangements ticketing arrangements Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required ONLY FEMALE CANDIDATES NEED TO APPLY.With around 5 years of hands on exp in administration activities. Â Please note that this position will report to Director and take care of his requirements and also do the administration activities.Hence, the person should have flexibility in terms of carrying out the tasks. Â Should be result oriented, enthusiastic and positive attitude.Very good communication skills and interpersonal skills.Knowledge of Hindi will be an added advantage.Location: Chennai.Age Limit : 30 years. Company Profile: Synergy Front For one of our Clients. Our client is an MNC in manufacturing Power tools / accessories etc., Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details