TITLE: Ambassador- Telecom Retail

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hiring for a Premium Telecom Client Key roles: Candidate must be from Telecom background Identifying new channel partner to generate new Business. Responsible for implementing marketing strategies, ensure good merchandising and product visibility to establish the product in the assigned market. Communicating product portfolio, schemes and promotions. Report to SM & RM for Daily Sales of Promoters. Monitoring Basic Hygiene of the Promoters at the Store. Maintain a high level of professionalism, meet deadlines, and meet all Customer expectations. Competition Analysis. Identifying, developing and upturning new market segments for new launches. Develop business plan, setting out targets & objectives and ensuring adherence to them. Development of entire marketing mix for the brands managements of profitability and operating results. Candidate Specification: Confidence is must as the candidate needs to communicate with Top Notch people (HTC channel partners) In the Industry. Need to be smart and interactive. Strong verbal and written communications, teaming and interpersonal skills. Contribute towards organizational requirements that may come from time to time. Last experience in Telecom (Handset) as team manager is must. Excellent interpersonal skills. Good verbal, listening and written communication skills Skilled in Windows Operating System Good understanding of Retail business This job is on the rolls of CPM Interested candidates share their CV at- yogesh.singh@in.cpm-int.com Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Telecom Sales ISD management Sellout Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CPM INDIA Sales Marketing Pvt Ltd. Being an Omnicom company, CPM is one of the fastest growing Integrated Marketing Solutions company in India. We specialise in providing marketing services to our clients int he field of Events, promotions, Response generation, Sales process outsourcing and retail. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details