TITLE: Oppurtunity for JAVA Developers for a E-commerce Company

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are language agnostic- That is Technology is not a barrier for your interview rounds. Interviews are based on Algorithms, Data Structures ! We are seeking extremely smart programmers who are gung ho about building large scale systems that are going to have a big impact on millions of customers around the world. Requirements include: - 3.6+ years experience in software product development and delivery - Experience leading design and development of products with team - Bachelors or Masters engineering degree from a reputed college (preferably IITs, NITs, CEG-Anna Univ, BITS, Pune Univ) - Strong grasp of CS fundamentals and excellent problem solving abilities. - Experience with hands on coding and independent ownership of software components - Advanced knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices. - Experience with Java, PHP, MySQL, JavaScript Work Location- Bangalore/Chennai Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java Algorithms Scalability Data Structures Software Product Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd We are language agnostic- That is Technology is not a barrier for your interview rounds. Interviews are based on Algorithms, Data Structures ! We are seeking extremely smart programmers who are gung ho about building large scale systems that are going to have a big impact on millions of customers around the world. Requirements include: - 3.6+ years experience in software product development and delivery - Experience leading design and development of products with team - Bachelors or Masters engineering degree from a reputed college (preferably IITs, NITs, CEG-Anna Univ, BITS, Pune Univ) - Strong grasp of CS fundamentals and excellent problem solving abilities. - Experience with hands on coding and independent ownership of software components - Advanced knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices. - Experience with Java, PHP, MySQL, JavaScript Work Location- Bangalore/Chennai Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details