TITLE: Immediate Opening For SAP PS- Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings From Superior Group !!! We have an immediate opening for SAP PS in Chennai. PFB The JD : Experience : 4 -6 Years Job Location : Chennai Responsibilities: The SAP PS Consultant will be responsible for performing functional responsibilities in terms of gathering requirements from onshore counterparts, System Configuration, provide functional support to technical team with limited supervision and aid in the successful completion of projects within a product or functional area. Job Description: Perform a variety of activities (may be technical in nature) in support of the functional processes, programs and/or services. Work may include compiling and analyzing data, creating reports, providing information and/or recommendations regarding function specific policies; tracking of processes & activities. May be involved or lead in smaller projects or phases of a larger project with accountability for tasks assigned; providing project updates or timelines as needed. Use professional concepts and company policies & procedures to solve a wide range of complex problems in creative and practical ways; make recommendations that aid in the successful completion of initiatives within a functional area. Able to clearly communicate findings to audiences including IT peers, Business Partners and executives. Demonstrate good problem solving skills and must be a team player. Qualifications: Overall 6+ years of experience as SAP Functional consultant Educational Qualitification : C.A OR, ICWAI or MBA FINANCE Should possess 5+ years of work experience in SAP Project System(PS)module Should have worked in at least 3 SAP End to End implementations projects in a large scale organizations as PS Consultant. Should have working knowledge of PS-SD and PS-Asset integration. Exposure to Maintenance & Support activities related to PS module is desired. SAP Certification in PS module will be an added advantage. Strong Oral & Written communication skills Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills SAP PS implementation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SUPERIOR TALENT INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Hiring for Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details