TITLE: Business Development Executives

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 0 - 2 years experience in selling offshore based IT product/services/solutions Excellent in spoken and written English. Neutral accent is a huge plus. Basic negotiation skills. Proven record of sales success in a role in inside sales team is a plus. Positions available for APAC / US & UK timings. Preferably Female CandidatesÂ What you will do: Generate new business by lead generation, qualifying and prospecting new accounts, have a consultative sales approach to maximize conversion. Source new sales opportunities through inbound lead follow-up and outbound cold calls and emails Research accounts, identify key players and generate interest Maintain and expand your database of prospects within your assigned territory Strong phone presence and experience in dialing dozens of calls per day Proficient with corporate productivity and web presentation tools Adhere to defined sales processes and maintain/grow the funnel as per organizational growth plans. Salary:INR Best In Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Business Development Inside Sales Lead Generation Cold Calling Prospecting Consultative Sales Selling New Business Negotiation Skills Solutions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aspire Info Solutions Aspire Info Solution is a leading Web Development, Integration, Application Development and complete IT Services Company based in USA and branches in Chennai, India. Aspire Info Solutions was established in 2008 by a group of highly creative and competent Social networks and Healthcare Professionals. The team is built with Software Professionals with the core team having 10+ years of experience. We are known for our ability to understand the client's business objectives thoroughly and completely, in translating them into successful business websites, applications and targeted designs, and in delivering on time, within the budgeted costs. OUR MISSION "To Ensure Customer Success and Development of Customer Business through Our Right Solutions and Long-term Service Support". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details