TITLE: Webmethods Openings

SKILLS: IT Software - Middleware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirement: Webmethods (Sr. Level) Job Description: 1. Candidate should have minimum 5 - 14 Years of total experience 2. Atleast 2+ Years of experience in Webmethods 3. In depth knowledge on Integration (EAI) projects 4. Should have worked on WebMethods 6.x , 7.x and 8.x Ver 5. Should be strong in WebMethods components, like Developer, Broker, Integration Server, Trading Network,Designer etc. 6. Well versed with Enterprise Integration Architecture and designing 7. End to end development in Integration project and Designing and estimation 8. Ability to interact with different functional areas with Excellent Interpersonal, Written and Presentation skills. Job Location: Chennai/Bangalore Kindly confirm your interest by sending your updated CV along with following details 1. Total IT Experience: 2. Experience in Webmethods: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice Period: 6. Date of Birth: 7. Mode of Employment: 8. Preferred Location: (Chennai/Bangalore) Thanks and Regards, Mohan Babu AC Career Soft Solutions Chennai, INDIA. HP: +91 9884002310 LL: 04440107906 Email: mohan@cssrecruit.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Middleware Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Webmethods My Webmethods Web - Methods Web methods Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Career Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Client is an enterprise software company with over 10,000 enterprise customers in over 70 countries. The company is the second largest software vendor in Germany, the fourth in Europe (following SAP's acquisition of Business Objects) and among the top 25 globally. Software AG is traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's TecDAX under the symbol "SOW". Software AG is the global leader in Business Process Excellence. We offer our customers end-to-end Business Process Management (BPM) solutions delivering low Total-Cost-of-Ownership and high ease of use. Our industry-leading brands, ARIS, webMethods, Adabas, Natural, CentraSite and IDS Scheer Consulting, represent a unique portfolio encompassing: process strategy, design, integration and control; SOA-based integration and data management; process-driven SAP implementation; and strategic process consulting and services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details