TITLE: Associate - KYC Operations Reviewer

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Understanding and implementation of KYC standards, guidelines, policies and procedures. Handling and maintenance of confidential client documentation. Review of client data/processes to meet firm wide quality standards. Communicating/ escalating issues to management when applicable. Ability to learn and communicate a new process to a team. Proactively identifies opportunities to refine a process and increase operational efficiencies. Exhibit the highest standards of customer service to our internal and external customers (inclusive of confidentiality) Create an effective and efficient team through continuous communication, timely feedback, and appropriate supervisory practices. Team handling experience would be desirable. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Operation Quality Assurance Investment Banking Audit Financial Services Documentation Verification Lotus Notes Asset Management KYC Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Bachelors Degree and/or Graduate Degree.Knowledge of KYC is essential with at least 7-12 years experience (Audit, Control, Risk, AML, and Research may also be areas of experience)Must be able to work and actively contribute in stressful situation.Strong research, analytical and comprehension skills, with ability to analyze large amounts of data.Client focused with strong customer service skills (e.g. oral and written communication skills)Ability to multi-task and meet deadlines against a high volume work schedule.Experience adhering to controls and compliance standards.Able to grasp/learn concepts and procedures quickly.Possess strong computer skills: Lotus Notes and Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word and PowerPoint.Must be detailed oriented and analytical.Ability to work both independently and as a team in a fast paced production environment.Flexibility of operating hours to include overtime, holidays, and weekend testing.A strong sense of ownership and responsibility.Drives results through leadership, people, communication and influence.Comfortable with change, ambiguity, debate, conflict and informed risk taking.Experience in managing small teams would be desirable. Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details