TITLE: Goqii Lifestyle Coach -

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: Health and Wellness Coach Job Description: Motivate players (i.e. GOQii subscribers) to make a permanent shift to a healthier lifestyle Motivate players to enhance health, nutrition and karma Track and analyse player' lifestyle and fitness data captured through the GOQii band. Design custom wellness/fitness goals mutually with players and coach them in meeting these goals. Interact with GOQii Players on a daily basis via GOQii App text/audio/video Desired Skills and Experience: Background in fitness/ healthcare/ nutrition/ gyms/ hospitals/ sports Diploma/ Degree/ Certification in nutrition or physical fitness OR sports background at state and national level is an added advantage Strong communication and listening skills. Ability to comprehend and articulate effectively Energetic, passionate about fitness and wellness, motivated, creative and enthusiastic We are highly driven by the principle "practice what you preach" and thus the prospective. Its a work from home optionÂ Must have a laptop/ desktop with internet access. GOQii Coach applying for this profile must essentially be fit! If interested kindly send your profile at Â luisa@goqii.com Contact No : 022-71060911 ext (312) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Wellness / Fitness / Sports / Beauty Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Dietician/Nutritionist Keyskills Nutrition Dietation dietician food & nutrition Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GOQii Technologies Pvt. Ltd. GOQii is headquartered in California with offices in Mumbai and Shenzhen. It is dedicated to enabling a permanent shift to a healthier lifestyle with the combination of advanced wearable technology, the world's leading experts, coaches and karma. GOQii focuses on sustained engagement & goal reinforcement and offers a complete ecosystem as a single integrated solution, which is a powerful combination of technology and human connection. GOQii is a collaboration of some of the world's leading experts and an amazing management team who are driven by a passion for healthy sustainable living, and who believe that all of us contain boundless potential. GOQii's goal is to enable millions of people across the world to "be the force" by helping them unleash their untapped potential. To know more about GOQii, please visit us at www.goqii.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details