TITLE: Walk-in Interview on 28 Nov 2015 - Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Enterprise application development experience Product development experience preferred. Good Data Modeling Skills Sound knowledge in Oracle / Microsoft SQL Server Experience : 3.6 to 9 Yrs Interview Location : Bangalore Work Location : Chennai Interview Date : 28 Nov 2015 Time : 9 AM If Interested pls Walk-In our premises on 28 Nov 2015 Venue: Bahwan CyberTek Pvt Ltd Shilton Royale No:9, 100 feet inner ring road Koramangala Opp : OASIS Mall Near :Sony world Junction Contact : Illiyas / Santhosh Regards, Karolin Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Hibernate Spring Framework IOC Struts J2Ee Eclipse IDE HTML Javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Java/J2EE technologiesSpring framework (Spring IOC, MVC, webflow & Integration modules)Struts, Hibernate, Web services, XMLFront end technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery & any other JavaScript frameworksIntegration of SOA web services with Spring frameworkExperience in developing and deploying web applications in Unix/Linux EnvironmentsDeveloping applications using Eclipse IDEGood communication, writing skills. Company Profile: Bahwan Cyber Tek Bahwan CyberTek (BCT) was established in 1999 by its co-founders Ms. Hind Bahwan, Director of Multi-billion dollar Suhail Bahwan Group, and Mr. S. Durgaprasad, Director and CEO of Bahwan CyberTek Group. BCT is a global provider of innovative software products and services and is one of the first 50 companies worldwide to be assessed at CMMi Level-5 Ver 1.3. Today, BCT is a USD 230+ Million organization with over 550+ customers including fortune 500 companies and 2200+ business and technology professionals. BCT has delivered solutions in twenty countries across North America, Middle East, Far East, Africa and Asia. BCT's associates have extensive industry knowledge and expertise in leading technologies and form a dynamic organization focused on technology innovation. Their technical skills and knowledge, combined with the immense opportunities to foster innovation, pave the way for excellence in IP creation and service delivery. BCT core areas of expertise include predictive analytics, Oil & Gas Logistics, Track & Trace, Smart Government, Payments, SMAC and IoT. Through its IP brand Cuecent, BCT provides a suite of products such as RETINA, CueTrans, IVMS and PULSE, that combines Cuecent Platform and emerging technologies to provide both horizontal and vertical capabilities for verticals such as Oil & Gas, Power, Banking, Government, Logistics and Manufacturing. BCT also offers comprehensive services through its partnerships with Oracle, SAP, Microsoft, IBM and FRS Global. BCT also offers services in the Education, Risk and Compliance Management, Application Development and Maintenance, Infrastructure Management and independent Testing areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details