TITLE: Urgent Opening - Mobile Architect - Chennai - MNC

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are pleased to introduce ourselves as Magnum Consultants, one of the IT, ITES & Non IT Recruiters based in Bangalore, India. We are associated with Major Manufacturing & IT Companies in Domestic & Overseas market as Business partners providing manpower as per their requirements. Organization Overview: Asia's leading mobile banking software solutions provider. POSITION DESCRIPTION: The successful candidate will have a strong command of software architecture, programming, latest mobile and web technologies / frameworks. This role heads the Product Management/Engineering team and collaborating with the delivery team and leadership team in providing technical direction and thought leadership in long-term product planning and enhancements. Should be strong in architectural and technical leadership in design, operation and execution (creation, engineering) of best in class Enterprise Mobile product Salary:INR 22,50,000 - 37,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Product Management Product Planning Non It Mobile Banking Technical Leadership Software Solutions Web Technologies Banking Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Qualification: BCA/MCA/BE/B.Tech/M.Tech or equivalent in Computer education from reputed University. Required: mobile Hands on Experience in architecting/developing solutions (native/web) in leading mobile platforms especially iOS, Android, Blackberry and Windows and Experienced in designing and developing mobile sdk integrating mobile apps with web-services and external APIs especially Experience in vast number of mobility platforms, from Enterprise architecture integrations design and implementation perspectives is a must years 10- 12 years experience in IT field, out of which 5 in developing solutions to banking / financial sector , especially on the internet banking platform an Exposure to Mobile payments, e Wallets, PPI would be added advantage. software Firsthand knowledge in supervising development of solutions Exposure to Core Banking Solutions, Mobile Digital banking, networking, server administration Expert knowledge of the following: Windows iOS (iOS sdk); Android (Android Framework, Java); (C#), Hybrid Mobile Apps (HTML5, JavaScript, responsive design) frameworks Java/Java EE, REST APIs, SOA, ESB, JavaScript re adherence to them Establish technical standards and ensu for product development. (Product) by Responsible managing the middleware framework digitizing the entire gamut of banking operations. Reduction in cost of operations by leveraging the digital shift. digital Maintaining competitive advantage over peers on banking and leveraging the Digital Ecosystem artifacts/frameworks, Experience in developing reusable re-usable assets, Industry solutions, reference architecture, design, development and QA best practice Experience/Knowledge in implementing Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions on different mobile platforms skills Strong leadership, communication and interpersonal skills Good analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting build Looking for a self-driven, passionate individual to and grow the mobility practice Undergraduate degree in engineering or equivalent experience/certifications. Preferred: analytics and Understanding of mobile security protocols, social channel integration mobile Understanding various non-functional aspects in application design and provide a solution to optimize performance, scalability etc. software, Strong knowledge of the best available tools, applications, and systems for attaining best-in-class IT technology across the enterprise. practices. Knowledge of software evaluation principles and influence, Ability to create constructive relationships, and communicate. Experience in researching emerging technologies and trends, standards, and products. BROAD RESPONSIBILITIES: Translates business needs into technical solutions, defining well thought of solutions to problems. Develops and executes both business and technical implementation strategies that ensure successful product delivery across multiple, diverse cross functional teams. and Analyzes, determines and documents overall design requirements for new and existing mobile products, leveraging Mobile Application Development/API integration knowledge. architecture Determines integrated hardware and software solutions that meet performance, usability, scalability, reliability, and security needs. features Work closely with customers to design new product and product enhancements. achievement Foster an environment of consistent technical and innovation for the growth and success of the team. Mentor and help grow a great team of really talented developers. Researches and recommends technology to improve current systems. Company Profile: Magnum Consultants Asia's leading mobile banking software solutions provider. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details