TITLE: Corporate Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Note:We are looking only for Local Candidates. Who are we? Â MSEL - Mobile Solutions for Engagement and Learning- Â is a technology start up in Learning Content space. We are a part of incubation/start-up ecosystem of Mahindra Comviva (M&M Group). This is a comprehensive learning solution Â launched in B2B space to begin with but later will be taken to D2C space as well. We are in a hyper expansion mode and are looking to find technology folks who can join us to lead the expansion. This is a great opportunity to be a part of this game-changing B2B Initiative.Â Objective of the role: Â The incumbent of the role would be responsible for ensuring the growth and profitability of the new business of the company Mobile Learning Solution in the chosen market. The Learning solution in question has patented feature. Responsibilities will also include building long term strategy to create and grow market for the solution, planning and implementing the activities towards achieving growth and profitability related targets.Â Role & Responsibilites: Â Scan the market place for relevant opportunities for the product line Lead Generation, New Client Acquisition & Managing client relationshipÂ Develop deep understanding of customers, their needs, end user pain points and use relevant information in developing business development strategyÂ Use consultative and solution oriented approach to pitch solution to the customer with demos/presentationsÂ Be the domain expert for customers and prospects to engage and seek adviseÂ Formulate Product marketing strategy and implement (Lead generation, conference presentations, product evangelization, sales training, sales collateral, funnel management etc)Â Market scanning, competitor mapping, formulating market strategy along with marketing functionÂ Work in concert with the Product Management, Product Development and Delivery management teamsÂ Feed new product ideas, product modification suggestions into the Product Management and content development teamsÂ Track usage and download trend and highlight to customer organization and leadership team on a regular basisÂ Work closely with customer learning or concerned teams and internal Business operations team to drive usage Achieve a Top line Year on Year growth target while aligning with gross margin and other business acquisition guidelines. Will carry targets linked compensation: order booking, revenue targets, new lead.Â Build strategic partnerships with organizations for a deeper penetration Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Business Development New Client Acquisition Lead Generation B2B strategic alliances e - learning HRMS HCM HR solutions Desired Candidate Profile Skills:At least 5+ years of Corporaye Sales + BD experience of HR or Learning Solutions/ProductsExperience in Lead Generation & new client acquisitionDemonstrate success in driving and achieving number targetsCompetencies and background related to selling solutions in HR spaceAbility to connect at CXO level along with various levels in HR teamStrong communication, collaboration, negotiation and interpersonal skillsKnowledge of Mobile application development will be added advantageBehavioural Skills:Aggressive marketing attitudeStrong selling skillsAbility to deal with ambiguity Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Comviva Technologies Limited. Mahindra Comviva provides mobility solutions to operators. The company's portfolio includes top-ups, mobile banking, music, voice, video and text, internet and broadband, messaging, managed services, and big data and analytics solutions. Mahindra Comviva is present in over 90 countries, with an overall customer base of 130 mobile service providers and financial institutions. A few customers include airtel, Orange, MTN, Vodafone, Tigo, Econet Wireless, etc. The company is a subsidiary of Tech Mahindra and a part of the $16.9 billion Mahindra Group. Awards bagged by the company include the GSMA Awards, Meffys Award, Total Telecom Awards, Kalahari Awards and the Future Digital Awards 2015. The company has registered a compound annual growth rate of 20 per cent for the last three years. We offer platforms that allow consumers to top-up airtime, transfer money, pay bills and merchants, make savings, avail loans, get credit, set ringtones, get missed call alerts, receive relevant offers, listen to music, participate in loyalty management programmes, access the internet, send messages, etc. this is carried out on various channels such as USSD, SMS, IVR, mobile-based applications, the internet, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details