TITLE: Payment Gateway - Underwriting - Chennai

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Underwrite new merchant proposals including startups, VC funding Sound understanding on Networth computation (Individual / ITR), financials review, Balance sheet, P& L statement etc., To have good market knowledge and conduct market research. Evaluation of unsolicited data to weigh the proposals. Review and Approve the PG Enrollment requests through the approval system in 24 -48 Hours of turn around time. Conduct a thorough study on the business model and policy framework on the proposals received for decisioning. Maintain the deactivation ratio of the newly enrolled merchants less than 1% due to underwriting reasons. Handling the initiatives/Projects driven by the unit and to be the one point contact for all related activities. Coordinate with various stake holders viz., Product, Policy, Operations and IT team across the business verticals/portfolios Preparation of MIS and provide critical analysis of portfolio performance and composition, identifying stress points. Periodic review of progress vs. objectives Leading support staffs and to ensure smooth functioning of BAU. Ensure standard policy review of the underwriting framework To take new initiatives towards improvement of portfolio parameters, productivity/performance enhancement and cost reduction. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A. Bonus as applicable Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills financial analysis venture funding market research merchant risk merchant underwriting merchant fraud ecommerce e - commerce underwriting credit Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA, CS, ICWA(CMA) Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Ltd was promoted in the year 1994 by the premier housing finance company of the country, HDFC Ltd. The Bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995. Today the Bank has a nationwide network of over 2000 branches and 5624 ATMs spread over 996 towns and cities across India The Banks American Depository Shares (ADS) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) are listed on Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Bank has been bestowed with numerous awards and accolades from top national and international agencies & magazines. HDFC Bank comprises of a dynamic and enthusiastic team determined to accomplish the vision of becoming a World-class Indian bank. Our business philosophy is based on our four core values - Customer Focus, Operational Excellence, Product Leadership and People. We believe that the ultimate identity and success of our bank will reside in the exceptional quality of our people and their extraordinary efforts. We are committed to hiring, developing, motivating and retaining the best people in the industry The Bank's objective is to build sound business franchises across distinct businesses so as to be a preferred provider of banking services for target retail and wholesale customer segments. We are committed to healthy growth in profitability while ensuring the highest levels of ethical standards, professional integrity, corporate governance and regulatory compliance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details