TITLE: Bde/senior Bde-us-with a CMMi Level 5 Company,b

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ABOUT NOUS Nous Infosystems is a CMMI Level 5 and ISO 9001:2000 certified global information Technology Company with expertise in providing quality software solutions and IT-enabled support services to a wide range of industries. Nous was incorporated in 1996 with the mission of providing the highest quality software development services to clients around the world. Over the years, we have successfully broadened our service offerings to include consultancy services, software, and hardware testing services, and a comprehensive range of IT enabled services. To know more about the company pleaseÂ visit our website www.nousinfosystems.com We are on the lookout for business development professionals with following skills. Job Title : BDE/SR.BDE US Market Education : Any graduate, MBA will be a plus Experience : 1-4 years. Location : Bangalore Description: Experience in selling software and consulting services towards the international market. Should be willing to work in EST time Zone (i.e. between 5:30pm to 2:30am IST) Lead Generation - penetrate and establish initial contact and gather information. Ability to identify the decision maker and be comfortable calling and dealing with both business and technical executives and managers. Possess high energy and enthusiasm, and the ability to maintain consistent levels of activity to achieve calling and lead generation quotas. Possess professional business telephone communication skills, and excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. Meet or exceed targets for both prospecting and generating qualified leads. Be self-motivated, and have the ability to organize and prioritize work independently with minimal supervision. Be goal-oriented, and have the ability to consistently meet or exceed calling and opportunity generation quotas.Â If you feel, you match the criteria above then please send in your updated profile to raghur@nousinfo.com and also do share following details. * Current Salary :- * Expected Salary :- * Minimum Notice Period :- Thanks and Regards Raghu.R Manager- Talent Acquisition Mob:9880370901 (91) 80 41939400--Ext:1233 Nous Infosystems www.nousinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Business Development Lead Generation Prospecting Bde Software Solutions IT Enabled Services Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nous Info Systems Nous Info Systems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details