TITLE: Asst Manager Purchase or Sr. Engineer Purchase

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: 1. Procurement of Capital goods, raw materials, Finished goods, outsourcing activities as given below: a) Raw materials SS plates, SS sheets, Channels , SS Pipes, SS Square Tubes, Fasteners, MS plates, Angles, Channels, Conveyors belts, Chain, etc b) Finished goods like Compressor, SS valves and Fittings, Pumps, Electrical motors, geared motors, Pneumatic fittings, Instruments, Electrical panel components. c) Job orders for machining, laser cutting, Electroplating, Bending, etc d) Consumables like Argon gas, Oxygen, Nitrogen, Refrigerant gas, Welding rods, etc. Effectively communicate at all levels within the organization 2. Identify and register the vendors 3. To receive and register the PR (Purchase Request) received from various dept. 4. Collecting the correct quotes for PR and Tabulation of technical and commercial aspects, Negotiation and order finalization. 5. Prepare PO in Tally and distribute to Vendors and Stores, Accounts and Costing dept and maintaining of PO register 6. Follow the vendor to get the materials in time. 7. Coordinate with quality dept. to check the incoming materials. 8. Rejected material sending back to suppliers and get the replacement. 9. Follow up the Sub contracts items and logistics activities. 10. Follow up with stores to make GRN( Good Receipt Note) 11. Visit to vendor places to review the status of work if need be. 12. Responsible for material inward to bill hand over to accounts. 13. Prepare fund requirements based on the credit terms mentioned in the PO. 14. Giving payment request and keeping record of payment given to vendors. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase Executive Keyskills Purchase Planning purchase purchase engineer purchase executive purchase officer purchase manager procurement engineer procurement purchase Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification & Required Skills/Experience: Degree or Diploma in Mechanical / Chemical/Instrumentation with minimum experience of 5 years in the field of purchase/stores activities in any engineering company. Team player and self initiator Good computer skills (MS-office) and Tally Familiar with Suppliers of Raw materials and components for the process Industries. Good computer skills (Ms-office) and Tally Time management and multi-tasking skills. Strong business acumen with a results oriented focus Sound knowledge in Supply Chain Management and vendor rating techniques. Good in negotiation skills and techniques Good in English and Hindi language is an advantage Company Profile: ISF Industries Private Limited ISF is a specialist in design, manufacture and installation of process equipment/ modules/ projects, serving customers in dairy, beverage, food, ice cream, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries, with technical collaboration from leading European companies' viz., Gram Equipment- Denmark, Wedholms-Sweden, Unilac-Belgium. Also ISF is a leader in DX Type Farm Cooling Tanks (Bulk Milk Coolers) in India & Srilanka. We are the only manufacturer in DX Type Bulk Milk Coolers with Laser Welded Dimple Technology Evaporator in India & Srilanka. Encouraged by the export of Refrigerated Farm Cooling Tanks to M/s. Nestle India Limited and the continuous demand for various Food & Dairy machineries by Amul, Mother Dairy, Britannia, Aavin, Sugam & other Co-operatives and Private Enterprises, the company had established a fully owned subsidiary in India at Chennai. Apart from manufacturing, the company had established its Project Division with a specific purpose and executed the multi million dollar Walls Ice-cream Project of Unilever Ceylon Limited. And established a technical collaboration with the world leader in refrigeration and producers of ice-cream machinery, M/s. Gram Equipment - Denmark. Today, ISF is the only licensed manufacturer in the world by Gram Equipment for manufacturing Gram Ice-cream Freezers. ISF had supplied Softy Ice-cream Dispensers to Hindustan Levers (Walls soft ice-cream project), nearly 300 machines through one single supply order. Today, ISF - India & Srilanka export number of products to Europe, Middle East & New Zealand. Few of our equipments are 'CE' marked for European market. The company had received consecutively for 2 years the Gold Award for Industrial Excellence from Ceylon National Chamber of Industries for the Year 2003 & 2002, Silver Award for Entrepreneur of the Year 2001 and Bronze Award for the year 2001 from National Chamber of Exporters. The company has a specialized division for custom built equipment which manufactures Processing tanks/ vessels, Aging Vats, Vacuum Dryers, Blenders, Special Processing Tanks, etc., to several Multi National Food & Pharmaceuticals Industries. Our large clientele list includes Nestle-India & Sri Lanka, Walls Ice Cream-Ceylon, Hindustan Lever, Uni Lever- UK, Indonesia, Pakistan & Ceylon, Britannia Industries, Carlsberg Beer, CPC Agri Foods Ltd., TTK LIG-India, Cairo Frozen Foods- Egypt, UNDP-Colombo, Heinz, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details