TITLE: Asst. Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary The primary objective of the ATA Freight Line Sales Team is to ensure the growth of ATA through the development of new business. As a Business Development Manager, the role is a sales role for the area sales organization. Acquisition of new accounts and expansion of the business, alongwith the current accounts will be the major role of this position, at the same time maintaining the account profitability and high level of Customer services. Going hand in hand with the Operations Team with close working and co-ordination. The critical requirement of this position is to establish and maintain trust and build long-term relationships with the Customers / Clients. Taking into consideration the international nature of ATAs business, the person has to work closely with other regions. ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES: Client Relationship Management - For the key decision makers, he has to create the relationship of trusted advisor. - For the Sales Cycle, his role will be of the executive leader - right from enquiry to pricing to closing - Provide support to the Sales Teams in developing accounts, by effectively arranging regional, as well as global resources related to industry experts. - Actively participate in the sales and client planning meetings. - Effectively handle client bids and negotiations - Promote discussions to establish planned partnerships with clients - Update the Client Executive leading practices and new ideas, in order to capture our mindshare. - Seek client feedback, which guides us for future products and service directions. - Handle & resolve critical client issues. - Have to work hand in hand with Operations Team in order to deliver the best services to client - Initiate client meets and industry events to market ATA Sales Planning - In order to achieve overall Corporate Goals, develop regional sales plan. - Executive the plan by effectively leading and managing resources. - Provide support to sales team to identify and develop account and opportunity approaches. - Proper reporting of revenue and profitability forecasts. - Proactively identifying the trends (industry and / or economic) that can impact ATAs business. - Properly identify potential risks and develop justification plan. - Provide relevant internal and external metrics to measure the sale organizations performance - Communicate sales plans and status to management Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Management Regional Sales Client Relationship Management Sales Planning Area Sales Partnerships Profitability New Business Advising Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Knowledge and Qualifications:- A university degree in marketing, supply chain management or business studies is preferred; with a minimum of 5 to 7 years of strong background in Freight Forwarding (Air, Ocean, Import & Export, etc.) and Supply Chain Management.- The person should have logistics industry experience- He / She should be both sales and operationally inclined can sell as well as deliver- He / She should be familiar with solution selling concepts and methodologies as well as familiar with the local business etiquette and customs of the region - Good analytical skills combined with planned intelligence. Problem-solving and analytical skills to interpret sales performance and market trend information.- Knowledge of sea and air freight, warehousing and distribution, and documentation requirements in India and other countries.- Excellent oral and written communication skills, plus a good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite is required as well as using Sales Force Automation and Knowledge Management tools. Company Profile: ATA Freight Line India Pvt Ltd. ATA Freight Line commands a global presence, guiding the flow of goods and solving distribution problems around the world. With experience in handling and distribution, and a comprehensive range of storage options, ATA is on call and ready to move goods between your manufacturing site and your market. ATA services top CPG companies in over 20 countries - with consistent, high-quality service and constant accountability. Across all of North America, Europe and throughout the Asia-Pacific region Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details