TITLE: IT Sales Manager/executive/general Manager/territory Sales Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Connect via voice, email and Social media to generate qualified leads / opportunities for the company and further drive them to Closure. Should have carried revenue goal as the most important metric with proven track record in attaining the target over the last 4 quarters in the previous role. Should be able to articulate the value proposition and deliver presentations with the prospect through phone meetings, web-ex presentations and video conference calls.Â Manage territorial responsibilities for generating new business opportunities by integrating with various stakeholders within the company to finally deliver a positive customer experience in a fast paced environment. Prior experience of managing sales campaigns and executing it by self and through his/her team would be an added advantage. Should be willing to demonstrate selling skills in a fast paced sales environment by taking complete ownership of day to day activities and eventually meet the quarterly goals by winning new clients. Prior experience in selling services /resources to domains such as ISVs, Media, retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Education would be desirable. Good understanding of technologies such as BI/Analytics, Content Management Systems, Mobile, QA/ Testing, CRM/ Marketing Automation tools would be an added advantage. Ability to handle a team of junior sales executives and further manage their targets as well as self targets would be highly desirable. Based on the success of your performance for the first 3 quarters, he / should be ready to own this responsibility. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills Territory Sales Management IT Sales CRM Campaigns General Management IT Marketing Business Development International Business B2B Marketing IT Sales executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Advertising/Mass Communication, Finance, HR/Industrial Relations, Information Technology, International Business, Marketing, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Soft Trends Techno Solutions Pvt Ltd. Softtrends is a 5 year old IT Services Company, spanning the technology value chain. We have 5 Business Units, with over 350 + global clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to start-ups and Entrepreneurs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details