TITLE: Finance Controller

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION: Position: FINANCE CONTROLLER INDIA Location: CHENNAI JOB PROFILE: 10 - 15 years of experience in finance/accounting in a manufacturing environment. Strong interpersonal and effective communication skills both upwards and downwards. Strong leadership. Capacity to train and coach team members as well as colleagues. Capacity to operate in demanding environment ACA / ACS preferred ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage and enhance the local accounting/finance team. Develop a culture of empowerment throughout the team ensuring that all employees take responsibility for the ongoing success of the company. Lead the Entire Finance, Accounting, Taxation, Audit and Financial compliance for the entire entity and multiple plants across India and this will also involve decisions of Make or Buy, IRR, Cost Planning & Cost Engineering, Complete Plant Financials. In this role you will integrate and develop processes that meet business needs across the organization, manage complex issues within functional area of expertise, be involved in long-term planning, and contribute to the overall business strategy. Lead the controllership for the entire organization from the Finance Perspective to ensure strict controls on all areas of business at all times. Compliance to Regulatory filing, Review Boards, etc. also form part of this role Produce monthly/quarterly/annual management accounts (actuals, forecasts, budgets) information within the specified timescales. He / She supports the business leader and with all aspects of Finance Pan India and also responsible for driving business and finance vision for all aspects of operation. Ensure all taxation and legislative requirements are complied with at all times. Maintain and ensure the integrity of all financial ledgers and associated systems as well as seeking improvements in the Companys information system and processes. Identify and evaluate areas for improvement of profit with particular regard to cost reductions and methodology. Perform variance analysis with corrective actions proposals. Coordinate & prepare all budgets and forecast information with the plant management. Ensure & maintain cost controlling and product costing information. Set up & maintain internal controls as per Corporate requirements Set up and analyze Key Business Indicators as per Corporate requirements Managing Cash including Petty Cash & Updating Daily Cash Flow Portal The Lead Finance demonstrates accountability for functional, business, and broad company objectives. Drives annual budgeting process, evaluate and analyze budget proposals, present budget for Board/ Corporate approval, monitor and review performance periodically against budgets, report to Board on Business Unit performance, comply with financial systems, processes, standards, statutes and regulations in order to record and report financial performance of Business Unit in a timely and accurate manner. Working with businesses, drive and support a number of broad initiatives within the region including assessment and implementation of new financial systems and centralization and regionalization of finance operations Develop close relationship with key business stakeholders; exercise strong expertise and influence in all business operations to deliver business financial results as committed Review controllership procedures to ensure the integrity of the financial results including balance sheet reviews Lead the annual audit of financial statements and quarterly reviews Drives linkage of operating and accounting processes, procedures and transactions Drive commercial compliance and work with commercial team Drive Receivables with focus on reconciliations, payment security and collections Improve finance processes (working capital improvement, reporting processes, transaction processing routines, and internal controls), as well as self-auditing of results Provide leadership in preparation of executive presentations (Growth Plans, Operating Plan, Quarterly financial updates) Drive financial modeling improvements in the planning and forecasting models to enhance process efficiency, support new initiatives and to accurately capture the changing economics or structure of the business. Prospective candidate should be flexible and be in a position to shape the role as appropriate as this is a new role in high growth business environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-CFO/Financial Controller Keyskills Management Accounting Business Finance Budgeting Product Costing Taxation Forecasting Auditing Controllership Variance Analysis Finance Control Finance Controller Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA, ICWA(CMA) Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details