TITLE: Excellent Opportunity for Sr.business Development Executive

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DSRC provides competitive compensation that is revised purely on performance, Scope for professional growth and an office located centrally in Chennai city easily accessible via public transport Work location: Chennai Job type: Permanent Education: Any Computer Science Graduate. Job Description: 3 - 5 year experience in marketing offshore IT Services US / UK markets. Excellent leadership, problem solving and analytical skills. Experience working with a medium sized IT services company with primary focus in the US / UK markets. Experience in managing marketing campaigns, lead qualification, introductory client meetings and presentations. Excellent communication skills, ability to multi-task with strict adherence to timelines. If interested candidates kindly drop your updated cv to saranya@dsrc.co.in Regards, Saranya.K RMG DSRC (Pvt) Limited No 11, Kasturi Towers, Smith Road, Anna Salai, Chennai - 600002 Direct: 91 (0)44 45105041 | E: saranya@dsrc.co.in Web: www.dsrc.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Marketing Campaigns Lead Qualification IT Services Analytical Skills Problem Solving Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Data Software Research Company Pvt. Ltd. Data Software Research Company (DSRC) is a global consulting company providing information technology solutions and services. Committed to delivering innovation and superior quality, DSRC combines professionalism and technical competence with experience gained from working with world-class customers. An early pioneer in the IT marketplace, DSRC is strategically positioned as a potential supplier of IT consulting and offshore services and has grown to be a global tier 2 consulting company. We are one of India's largest privately held IT services companies. This has helped us remain dynamic and continually evolving in the ever-changing market place. DSRC, founded in 1972, now has a global consulting reach all over United States, Europe and Asia - achieved through its wholly owned operations in the US, UK and through its strategic alliances with world IT leaders. DSRC's Offshore Development Centre (ODC) in Chennai, India, acts as the global sourcing hub for our overseas consulting operations and houses dedicated technology practices to provide offshore services. The ODC is equipped with the best of infrastructure and technology consulting practices, as well as expertise and experience across heterogeneous technology platforms. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details