TITLE: JAVA J2EE Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JAVAÂ Developer: 3-6 years- experience analyzing, designing, developing, testing, and implementing services and applications using AGILE methodology. Significant knowledge of Java, HTML, SQL, EJB (Oracle ADF a plus). Leverages Test Driven Development (JUNIT). - Solid understanding of EAI, Object Oriented Analysis and Design, Design Patterns, and UML. Web development experience using MVC (ADF a huge plus). Web Service experience using CXF, JAX-WS, JAX-RS and JAX-B for REST/SOAP services. - Significant experience using XMLSpy, JUnit, soapUI, or HP Web Service tester, Load Runner. Significant development experience using Eclipse-based IDEs and an application server (WebLogic a plus). - Solid understanding of relational databases. Maven, ANT, Continuous Integration- Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be a team player. This is a replacement position. - Analyzes, designs, develops, tests, and supports all aspects of several JAVA/J2EE web services. - Must be a fast learner, and eager to mentors less experienced team members. - Feels comfortable in assuming different roles as a member of a development team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills J2Ee Javascript Web Services java java developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Perficient India Private Limited About Company: Perficient is a leading technology and management consulting firm serving clients throughout the United States. We are experts in designing, building and delivering business-driven technology solutions. We help our clients gain competitive advantage by using Internet-based technologies to make their businesses more responsive to market opportunities and threats, strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners, improve productivity and reduce information technology costs. Since 1998, we have delivered successful business-driven technology solutions for hundreds of Global 2000 and other large enterprise customers. During that time, we have grown from a startup to an industry leader leading serving clients from a network of offices across North America and with global delivery centers in China, Eastern Europe and India. Deep domain expertise with a variety of technology platforms, strong partnerships with the world's leading vendors, dedicated industry expertise and a broad solutions portfolio differentiates our firm. We use small, expert project teams that deliver high-value, measurable results by working collaboratively with clients through a user-centered, technology-based and business-driven solutions methodology. We believe this approach enhances return-on-investment for our clients by significantly reducing the time and risk associated with designing and implementing business and technology solutions. Industry: Computer Software Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details