TITLE: Marketing/business Development/key Account Executives/managers

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are inviting applications for employment, on behalf of our client, candidates for the following role below. Confirm your interest by responding to this ad or by emailing hr@mantechltd.com in confidence with your full details and latest resume (including location(s) preferred Chennai and/or Hyderabad and/or Vizag) for further processing . ABOUT OUR CLIENT Our client is a reputed name in the logistics field in South India. Its mission is to provide innovative, practical and top-quality transportation & equipment hire services that improves business solutions. They are a 35 year old company with a vision to provide a comprehensive range of strategic transportation resources to help design, execute, and manage the flow of mainly heavy engineering materials and goods from point of origin to point of utility, efficiently, reliably, and economically. The company owns and operates trailers, cranes, forklifts, trucks etc. and provides end-to-end road transport solutions, including limited installation of the products delivered. On an average, about 250,000 MT of general cargo and about 30,000 MT of ODC cargo per annum are transported. It operates currently at a turnover of about Rs. 40 crores with ambitions to take advantage of the fantastic growth prospects envisaged for the years to come to double its turnover and capacity within the next 3 years. The work culture of the company is oriented towards treating employees as partners in progress, in consonance with our belief that in our business, people are the most important asset. We encourage team work, continuous learning and an environment that recognises and rewards high performance standards and integrity. Role Title: Marketing / Business Development Executive Reporting to: CEO Department: Sales & Marketing Location: Chennai (2 nos.), Hyderabad (1 nos.), Visakhapatnam (1 nos) Start Date: Immediate CTC: An attractive remuneration that includes generous performance incentives and bonus are part of the package. Remuneration is not a constraint for the right person. Â KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: *Attract and win new business for transportation, crane & equipment hire etc.. *Manage relationships with clients in the assigned portfolio. *Ensure smooth execution of work orders in assigned portfolio, by interacting with all the relevant departments operations, accounts, IT and Receivables. *Provide service desk functionality to assigned clients by regularly updating them on the status of their work order(s). *Prepare and support the preparation of quotes through tenders and quotations as required from time to time, liaising with technical personnel in this regard as necessary. *Ensure that the company continues its approved vendor status in all assigned accounts and ensure that the company is registered as an approved vendor after actively identifying and selecting prospects where it is beneficial for the company to become an approved vendor. *Regular and persistent follow up with customers to collect payments on time. *To resolve, in collaboration with the appropriate parties operations, accounts, IT, suppliers etc. any disputes or issues raised by customers in an amicable manner without losing revenues or future prospects with the customer. Personality, Skills & Experience: *Personable and extrovert, good track record of managing relationships with clients & with company personnel as well as external parties as needed. *Numerically strong with a grasp of mechanical engineering concepts ideally with a technical qualification such as a diploma or degree in mechanical engineering. *Excellent communication skills in English, Hindi and the local language of operation. Ability to draft business-quality letters independently. *Should be able to hit the ground running, ideally should already have a network in heavy engineering and construction industries *Strong MS Office skills especially Word and XL (and powerpoint); ability to handle online packages and smartphone apps for business purposes. *Diligent with an ability to delve into detail where necessary. *Energetic and capable of hard work - these are a must. Salary:INR Generous CTC including performance incentives Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills B2B sales Engg goods Transportation & crane hire bids tenders dynamic marketing person Relationship management Payment Collection Area responsibility targets responsibility Win new business industrial selling Direct Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required *Personable and extrovert, good track record of managing relationships with clients & with company personnel as well as external parties as needed. *Numerically strong with a grasp of mechanical engineering concepts ideally but not necessarily with a technical qualification such as a diploma or degree in mechanical engineering. *Excellent communication skills in English, Hindi and the local language of operation. Ability to draft business-quality letters independently. *Should be able to hit the ground running, ideally should already have a network in heavy engineering and construction industries *Strong MS Office skills especially Word and XL (and powerpoint); ability to handle online packages and smartphone apps for business purposes. *Diligent with an ability to delve into detail where necessary. *Energetic and capable of hard work - these are a must. Company Profile: MANTECH-HR Mantech-HR are recruitment consultants providing bespoke services to clients ranging from HR strategy to hiring, training and making personnel productive. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details