TITLE: Architect/lead - Flex PLM Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description 1: Architect / Lead - Flex PLM Experience: 8 to 12 yrs. Location : Bangalore, Chennai, Trivandrum. Qualification : B.E/B.Tech/M.E/M.Tech Job Description : - Analyze business requirements and architect the design using Flex PLM to address complex customer business processes in RFA (Retail, Footwear Apparel) domain - Create and review architecture documents, design documents, code, and test plans. - Build prototype and/or assist developers with coding and troubleshooting. - Identify project tasks including installing and configuring PTC software, customization, GUI development, testing, debugging, data migration and deployment support. - Lead technical implementation team - Collaborate, define and maintain effective and efficient development processes, including but not limited to coding standards, design philosophy, testing methodology, usage of design patterns, UI standards, development and coding tools and procedures. - Research and track emerging technology to develop business solutions and applications. - Develop best in class PLM solutions and utilities Required Skills : - Should have at least worked in one project as Architect using Flex PLM software - Strong PLM implementation knowledge of 4+ years. - At least last 3 year experience in RFA Domain. - Strong in PLM Solution Designing. - At least 4 years of PLM customization, configuration experience. - Experience in full implementation using any leading PLM software - Excellent FlexPLM Product Knowledge. - Experience in coding & architecture skills with Java, C++ for client and server customization. - Experience in SOA framework is highly preferred. - Hands on experience in BMIDE using codeless and code full customizations. Additional skills - Strong technology acumen; familiar with key concepts around data, applications and infrastructure. - Strong presentation skills; create appropriate oral and written communications for a variety of audiences - Excellent time management and organizational skills; attention to detail. - Strong Flex PLM implementation knowledge of 4+ years is preferable. Preferred skills - Understanding of software systems, requirements gathering, and project management techniques. - Process design skills; understand process analysis/design tools and techniques. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java C++ Flex Design Patterns SOA Business Solutions Retail GUI Client Server Solution Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: UST Global UST Global is a leading provider of IT Services and Solutions for the Global 1000 companies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details