TITLE: SQL Developer - Teynampet, Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hello, We have an Opening for SQL DEVELOPER in our company. Please find a brief introduction and description about the company and the job below, Savvysoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd Savvysoft Technologies, a private limited company, is a quality conscious offshore outsourcing & services company based at Chennai. Serving the needs of businesses globally, Promoted and managed by a team of IT and management professionals, Savvysoft began its operations in 1999. We specialize in providing quality services & skilled manpower for software development, sales and marketing, engineering to our US customers. Our conscious efforts to ensure quality service to our customers culminated in the establishment of a Quality Management System to cover all our operations leading to being assessed at CMMI level 3 Job Description: Participate in discussions involving business needs, and develop database requirements, specifications, and documentation. Design, build, and customize databases based on business needs. This includes participating in the planning, execution, data modeling, performance improvement, and optimization of databases. Create database objects such as stored procedures, tables, views, and triggers Assess data quality when necessary and remedy quality issues. Diagnose and resolve database performance issues. Develop data matching/mapping algorithms to tie multiple data sets together for reporting purposes. Develop reports in SQL Server Reporting Services. Design, Develop, and Deploy SSIS Packages. Participate in development and creation of Data warehouses. Qualification Minimum 5 yrs exp is must for this requirement. Location Teynampet, Chennai Shift Timing Rotational Shift Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Sql Server Development SSRS SSIS Tuning reports Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Savvysoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Savvysoft Technologies, a private limited company, is a quality conscious offshore outsourcing & services company based at Chennai. Serving the needs of businesses globally, Promoted and managed by a team of IT and management professionals, Savvysoft began its operations in 1999. We specialize in providing quality services & skilled manpower for software development, sales and marketing, engineering to our US customers. Our conscious efforts to ensure quality service to our customers culminated in the establishment of a Quality Management System to cover all our operations leading to being assessed at CMMI level 3 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details