TITLE: Copywriter

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Copywriter Job Purpose The Copywriter will be responsible for the linguistic content of adverts. They work across a range of media and formats, interpreting account briefs to compose advertising content such as slogans, catchphrases, tweets and scripts for tv and/or radio adverts. Job qualification Degree in English, journalism, copywriting, public relations, or literary/media studies field preferred. 2 to 5 years of experience in Creative in Advertising and / or Marketing. Job relationships Reports to Creative Director (Copy) Will also work closely with account directors of other regions on existing and prospective businesses and art directors, responsible for the visual content of adverts. Location Position will be based out of Gurgaon / Mumbai. Should be willing to travel on business trips. Background Should be updated with industry trends and standards. Job Responsibilities Interpreting account briefs Researching clients, their competitors and the target audience Producing original, clear and credible ideas/messages/scripts, and presenting these to clients and colleagues Updating and amending campaigns according to feedback Other competencies Commercial awareness. Client focus Problem solving Be a team player Organized, able to work within deadlines. Communication Creativity Proof reading, accuracy, attention to detail Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 8,50,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Creative Role:Copywriter Keyskills Copy Writing copywriter Creative Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Williams Lea TAG Tag is a global brand services company that delivers value by working with clients and their strategic partners to implement marketing communications, creatively and efficiently. Tag helps various brands realize their potential across all media, all sectors and all markets. We are trusted partner of many of the world's most recognized brands. We support our clients' brands in over 180 countries around the world, and more than 150,000 people access their marketing portals every month. We understand our clients' requirements for marketing efficiency, revolving around specific benefits like speed to market, control and cost. Tag India Global Delivery Centre provides production global campaign execution support across Print, Digital and Broadcast Part of the Williams Lea / DHL Group www.tagworldwide.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details