TITLE: Software Engineer - Java - Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Should have minimum of 2 years experience in Core Java, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript / JQuery / Ext JS 2. Should have hands on experience in Linux / Unix 3. Should possess very good analytical and design skills 4. Should be able to point quickly where the root cause of an issue/ problem is. 5. Should have good communication skills 6. It will be a plus, If he/ she has worked on maintenance projects Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JSP Servlets Core Java ExtJS Javascript JQuery Software Engineering Unix Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: eG Innovations Private Limited eG Innovations Private Limited eG Innovations is helping businesses across the globe transform IT service delivery into a competitive advantage and a center for productivity, growth and profit. Providing end-to-end visibility - from users to servers to networks and storage - our award-winning eG Enterprise Universal Insight technology provides organizations with a 360 degree view of their entire IT infrastructure. This single pane of glass view allows enterprise IT teams to collaborate easily and solve key user-visible problems. Unparalleled visibility also allows IT architects to determine how to right-size and optimize their IT infrastructures for maximum ROI. Our patented automatic root-cause diagnosis technology is designed for dynamic, inter-dependent physical, virtual and cloud infrastructures where proactive monitoring and rapid diagnosis of problems is a challenge. Instead of spending hours of time analyzing the problem, with eG Enterprise, IT helpdesks and administrators can go from a user visible problem to an actionable event in just a few clicks Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details