TITLE: National Service Manager

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ISF Industries Pvt Ltd is looking for graduate mechanical engineer with 7 to 12 years experience / Diploma Engineer with more than 10 years experience for the role of National Service Manager for Bulk Milk Coolers/ Ice-cream Freezer business. Location : Chennai, India Industry/ Activity : Process Engineering Equipment Supplier for Dairy, Food, Pharma and Cosmetic and Health care Industry Experience : 7 to 15 years experience Job Description: 1. Coordinate and lead the service team located in various parts of the countries like Gujarat, Bihar, Andhra , West Bengal and Tamil Nadu in installation, commissioning and after sales warranty management, etc. 2. Working out of cash flow for site as well as commissioning items of Bulk Milk Coolers and Continuous Ice-cream Freezers. 3. Reporting to management on regular basis to take corrective steps and communicating effectively with customer 4. Knowledge on Pressure Testing, Vacuum Testing and gas charging of Refrigeration system 5. Trouble shooting of refrigerant components like expansion valves, compressors, Heat exchangers, etc 6. Understanding of refrigeration components like compressors, Hear Exchangers, expansion valves 7. Trouble shooting of electrical and instrumentation components. 8. Guiding the technician in piping, cabling and installation and commissioning of the Bulk Milk Coolers with R22, R404-a and Ice-cream freezers with Freon based system. 9. Travelling to the customer sites or site offices anywhere in India. 10. Developing vendors/subcontractors locally. 11. Managing the site works involving mechanical, electrical and automation components. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills national services service manager national service manager national service engineer national service incharge national area service national after sales incharge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification & Required Skills/Experience: 1. Graduate or Diploma -Refrigeration Engineer, Mechanical engineer/ Electrical Engineer / Dairy & Food Engineer with 7 to 15 years experience in the execution of projects/ systems like Bulk Milk Coolers and Freon Based Refrigeration plants in Dairy, Ice-cream, Beverages, Brewery industry. 2. Good understanding of refrigeration components functioning and trouble shooting.3. Experience in Dairy and Ice-cream Industry shall be an added advantage.4. Willingness to travel in a short notice to any place in India and continuous learning attitude are important.5. Good communication in verbal and written in English and Hindi is desirable.6. Should have managed at least 10 Nos. of technicians/ Engineers in earlier job.7. Good computer skills (Ms-office) 8. Time management and multi-tasking skills of mechanical, electrical, instrumentation and automation9. Will power to close the issues satisfactorily.10. Able to implement the learning and giving feed back to the factory for product development/ improvements Company Profile: ISF Industries Private Limited ISF is a specialist in design, manufacture and installation of process equipment/ modules/ projects, serving customers in dairy, beverage, food, ice cream, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries, with technical collaboration from leading European companies' viz., Gram Equipment- Denmark, Wedholms-Sweden, Unilac-Belgium. Also ISF is a leader in DX Type Farm Cooling Tanks (Bulk Milk Coolers) in India & Srilanka. We are the only manufacturer in DX Type Bulk Milk Coolers with Laser Welded Dimple Technology Evaporator in India & Srilanka. Encouraged by the export of Refrigerated Farm Cooling Tanks to M/s. Nestle India Limited and the continuous demand for various Food & Dairy machineries by Amul, Mother Dairy, Britannia, Aavin, Sugam & other Co-operatives and Private Enterprises, the company had established a fully owned subsidiary in India at Chennai. Apart from manufacturing, the company had established its Project Division with a specific purpose and executed the multi million dollar Walls Ice-cream Project of Unilever Ceylon Limited. And established a technical collaboration with the world leader in refrigeration and producers of ice-cream machinery, M/s. Gram Equipment - Denmark. Today, ISF is the only licensed manufacturer in the world by Gram Equipment for manufacturing Gram Ice-cream Freezers. ISF had supplied Softy Ice-cream Dispensers to Hindustan Levers (Walls soft ice-cream project), nearly 300 machines through one single supply order. Today, ISF - India & Srilanka export number of products to Europe, Middle East & New Zealand. Few of our equipments are 'CE' marked for European market. The company had received consecutively for 2 years the Gold Award for Industrial Excellence from Ceylon National Chamber of Industries for the Year 2003 & 2002, Silver Award for Entrepreneur of the Year 2001 and Bronze Award for the year 2001 from National Chamber of Exporters. The company has a specialized division for custom built equipment which manufactures Processing tanks/ vessels, Aging Vats, Vacuum Dryers, Blenders, Special Processing Tanks, etc., to several Multi National Food & Pharmaceuticals Industries. Our large clientele list includes Nestle-India & Sri Lanka, Walls Ice Cream-Ceylon, Hindustan Lever, Uni Lever- UK, Indonesia, Pakistan & Ceylon, Britannia Industries, Carlsberg Beer, CPC Agri Foods Ltd., TTK LIG-India, Cairo Frozen Foods- Egypt, UNDP-Colombo, Heinz, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details