TITLE: Walkin Interview for Team Leader (voice) for Telecom

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HCL Technologies Ltd - Walk in for Team Leader (International Voice Process Telecom) Â Greetings from HCL Technologies Ltd, Chennai. We are pleased to inform you with regard to openings for Team Leader (International Voice Process). Â Company: HCL Technologies Ltd. Job Location: Chennai Â Experience:- 4 to 5 Years Â Roles & Responsibilities:- # Lead a team of Advisors # Meet client and organizational objectives # Analyze variations and take improvement steps # Work as a SME for the team as and when situation demands. Supporting the team on cases in peak hours and in the absence of SME # Take customer escalation calls as and when needed # Client communication on process and SLA related issues # ensuring that team is meeting client defined process SLA Â Behavioral Skills:- # Team Management and Leadership Skills # Excellent Communication Skills # Team Work and Interpersonal Skills # Continuous Improvement : Ability to engage in quality orientation for sustained continuous improvement in processes and systems. # Enthusiastic / Self Motivated Â Skill Set Required:- # Effective communicator that can effectively convey ideas to the customers in a simple manner. # Team Management Skills # Technical Support (Phone, Chat, email and self-service) # Solid understanding of Internet technologies, routers, firewalls, web servers, web proxy servers # Understanding of database concepts and data management Â Educational Qualification:- Any Graduate Â Interview Date: 1st December 2015 (Tuesday) @ HCL Technologies Ltd., Business Services. Â Time: 11 AM IST Â Walk in Venue: HCL Techonologies Ltd., Business Services Navins WSS Towers, First Floor, 107& 108, Harris Road, (Old ChitraTalkies), Langs Garden Road, Mount Road, Chennai - 600 002. Â Contact: Riyaz Ahamed Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(Technical) Keyskills International Voice Process Technical Support Team Management Skills Team Leading Communication Skills Quality Orientation Client Communication Data Management Business Services Continuous Improvement AHT Attrition Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies Limited HCL is a $6.2 billion leading global technology and IT enterprise comprising two companies listed in India - HCL Technologies and HCL Infosystems. Founded in 1976, HCL is one of India's original IT garage start-ups. A pioneer of modern computing, HCL is a global transformational enterprise today. Its range of offerings includes product engineering, custom & package applications, BPO, IT infrastructure services, IT hardware, systems integration, and distribution of information and communications technology (ICT) products across a wide range of focused industry verticals. The HCL team consists of over 90,000 professionals of diverse nationalities, who operate from 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. HCL has partnerships with several leading global 1000 firms, including leading IT and technology firms. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details