TITLE: Planning Manager - Applications Allowed till 31st Dec 2015

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Skills Required: Thorough knowledge and utilization of planning tools like Primavera & MS Project for effective scheduling and monitoring, analyzing and reporting of the project schedule at various stages from Project Initial stage to closure stage. Â In depth process knowledge to develop / implement the methods and procedure to meet the standards and discipline requirement.Â Breaking down the goals and targets into major doables, prioritizing and sequencing them taking into account targeted completion dates.Â Effectively deploying time management techniques and working out resource and support requirements Key Responsibilities: 1) Ensure effective project management in order to meet timely project execution 2) Conduct the Project review meetings regularly in order to evaluate the plan vs actual 3) Update the documentation of planning deliverable in order to meet contractual requirement and internal system compliance 4) Plan / forecast billing plan in order to meet targeted sales. 5) Expedite the approval of the planning deliverable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Water Treatment / Waste Management Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Keyskills monitoring scheduling closures primavera project management project review documentation planing production planing ms project Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Va Tech Wabag Ltd VA TECH WABAG, established in 1924 is one of the world's leading multinational players in the area of water and wastewater treatment with more than 6,000 plants and 50 patented technologies. The company has operations in Europe, North Africa, Middle East and the APAC regions. The European operations are headquartered out of Vienna, Austria with many project and satellite offices spread across the globe. The company has R&D and innovation centers in Vienna, Austria and Switzerland to cope with the technological demands for catering to a thirsty planet. VA TECH WABAG offers the entire gamut of services ranging from consulting and planning, financing and installation including construction, to the operational management of plants and systems. VA TECH WABAG offers a product range that is wide ranging and is a leading technology partner in providing customized solutions in the following areas: a) Drinking Water Treatment b) Industrial Water Treatment c) Municipal Waste Water Treatment d) Sludge Water Treatment e) Sea and Brackish Water Desalination Also, during the last quarter of 2007, VA TECH WABAG AUSTRIA and VA TECH WABAG INDIA merged successfully and this merger shall result in VA TECH WABAG being one of the top three players in the Water Sector in the relevant markets of the Emerging World. Chennai is now the Global HQ of the company. VA TECH WABAG offers a very open, transparent, empowering; caring environment to work with and Compensation will match the best industry standards. The company has a track record of rewarding employees who 'Stay & Perform' through Performance Incentives, Rewards, Awards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details