TITLE: Senior PHP Architect / Tech Lead - Full or Part Time - Work at Home

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this MyProgrammer is searching for an exceptional Senior PHP Technical Architect to join our team. By exceptional we mean: - Strong sense of ownership - Exceptional technical skills - Ability to understand the problem AND craft the right solution - Strong software architecture skills (you know how to build software the right way!) - Dedicated to completing projects to the highest standards, on time - Passionate about your work! ABOUT MYPROGRAMMER: MyProgrammer is a leading USA software company focused on building state-of-the-art custom software applications for U.S. clients. We are not a high volume programming shop with hundreds of programmers. We are a small group focused on designing and delivering powerful, innovative web and mobile apps, mainly for startup companies. We value creativity, ownership, quality and technical skills. Are you the best of the best and like working with others who are the same? If so, we'd like to hear from you. ABOUT THE POSITION: Working from home, you will work with our USA and India team members to architect and craft amazing software solutions for our mostly startup clients. You will actively participate in regular meetings during a portion of our business hours (this usually entails meetings up to 12AM IST), several times per week. You will lead your projects and be accountable for results. You will study requirements and design documents, engage our clients with questions, and demonstrate your technical design to the team. QUALIFICATIONS: To be considered for this position you must possess the following qualifications: - Excellent English skills (verbal and written) - A minimum of 7 years industry experience - Previous experience leading a team on a large, complex project SKILLS: - Strong experience in Core PHP - Proven experience in designing Enterprise-level Client/Server applications. - Experience in MVC fromeworks like Laravel, CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Yii, etc - Have sound knowledge of MVC, Oops Concepts & Design patterns - Experience working on ORM (Doctrine) is plus - Write "CLEAN", well-designed code - Follow the coding conventions, guidelines, and the best practices - Strong database experience using MySQL (ability to create views, functions, stored procedures, etc.) - Skilled in software development best practices like Agile, Rapid prototyping, TDD THE IDEAL CANDIDATE: The ideal candidate will have all of the following traits: - Be passionate about software development - Highly motivated and energetic - Have a strong desire to build high quality solutions - Take complete ownership of their projects - Know how to architect and build software correctly - Be able to collaborate and work through the problem BEFORE creating the solution - Have the ability to understand the big picture. Why are we doing this? - Tests their own code thoroughly before passing it on to others (pride in their work) - Can "craft" a software solution. Can anticipate where problem areas are, and proactively design solutions to them. Essentially, the ideal candidate is not a code monkey. They are amazing. They are the best of the best. We want nothing less on our team, and our startup clients demand the same. BENEFITS: - Excellent salary - Excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth - Excellent hours (usually 3PM to 12AM IST) - No long commutes (more quality time with the family, more productivity!) - Paid holidays and vacation time - Work with great people who share your values and work ethics - Work on interesting projects with startup companies THE APPLICATION PROCESS: We scrutinize all new hires to make sure they meet our standards. This includes: - Verifying your previous employment and salary history - Verifying your technical skills - Verifying your architecture skills - Multiple interviews with technical and senior level management team members - Mandatory part time employment to start TO APPLY: To be considered for this position please send BOTH your CV and salary requirement to: jobs@myprogrammer.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Core PHP MySQL Codeigniter CakePHP MVC Software Development Web Technologies Design Patterns Stored Procedures Client Server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MyProgrammer, Inc. MyProgrammer is a leading USA software company focused on building state-of-the-art custom software applications for U.S. clients. We are not a high volume programming shop with hundreds of programmers. We are a small group focused on designing and delivering powerful, innovative web and mobile apps, mainly for startup companies. We value creativity, ownership, quality and technical skills. Are you the best of the best and like working with others who are the same? If so, we'd like to hear from you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details