TITLE: Sr. Design Engineer - Seating Design (10 Nos)

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Lead the design and development of parametric digital models related to specific domain Automotive Seating. Drive client deliveries with designs of Automotive Seating systems Structure / Foam/ Mechanisms. Understanding customer requirement and translate the same into Design. Create from the wire mesh and full design for the part / sub system of the seat as needed by Auto OEM Customer using UG NX/ Team Centre. Preferably use GD&T to do the stack up and the tolerance analysis Pass on the design to the CAE team for analysis and make the corrections on the design post the CAE analysis on the Seating Module Design Ideally create a basic DFMEA, DV&P on the design to ensure conformance of parameters related to seating Provide Final CAD support by sending the model files for Final Production. Managing ECNs with respect client requirements. Create final 3D with PMI and GD&T for releasable Parts. If already trained on Prototyping/Development then support Proto development. Design Seating and the related subsystems ideally based on the Seating Regulations (FMVSS, ECE, ADR etc.) Co-ordinate with Engineers for the manufacturing feasibility, Assembly sequence, PMI and GD&T creation for production release. Leading the technical team and mentoring junior members in the team to achieve targets. Providing training to colleagues about Seating product, Catia-V5 designing methodology, Supporting the product in production till launch. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills Design Engineering UG NX DFMEA Production Management Prototyping Design Development Seating Design FMVSS ECE ADR Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Graduate or Post Graduate Engineer (Preferred). Minimum Experience of atleast 3 4 yrs (Incase of Mtech) and 5 + years incase of Graduate Engineer Strong Domain expertise of Seating Design (Structures or Foam) is an absolute MUST for this role Atleast 3 + yrs. Proven Track record of extensive experience in UG NX/ Team Centre is a DEFENITELY NEEDED FOR THIS ROLE Good understanding of GD&T including Stackup would be needed for this role. Ideally, you would be working with Engineering Centre in the Seating Domain or in a Tier -1 seating company Knowledge of the Manufacturing Processes of Automotive Seating to understand design conformance to manufacturing related issues. Preference would be given to candidates with atleast a basic knowledge of DFMEA, DVP&R, DMU, Etc. Basic Awareness of Seating Regulations like FMVSS, ECE, ADR, Etc. is preferred for this role Atleast the basic ability to read and interpret CAE results to make the necessary changes in the design would be a definite advantage. Excellent interpersonal skills and Good communication skills in English. Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details