TITLE: DELL - Sr Network Development Engineer - C Programming

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Dell Networking R&D This is your opportunity to do great work for a great company working on Dell Networking technologies, products and solutions. You will have an opportunity to work with some of the most cutting edge high density / highly reliable network switches. You will work in a fast paced environment with an experienced and highly technical team of Dell Networking engineers to solve a wide variety of unique and fascinating problems. About the Enterprise Solutions Group: Networking is an exciting and dynamic space in the technology industry - how the game was won two years ago is not how it will be won in the next two years. Dell Networking is poised to make an impact on the industry. Customers are hungry for open, capable and affordable datacenter/enterprise solutions, and the combination of Dell's strength in servers and storage and networking, will enable us to offer customers a solid portfolio of products and solutions to meet all of their infrastructure Roles: Candidate will be a senior member of the development group, working on software infrastructure development and maintaining existing code with regarding to networking components such as protocols, management interface, system infrastructure. The candidate is expected to work closely with the platform and protocol teams. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Product Development Executive Keyskills D Networking Switching Protocols Programming Data Center Network Development Kernel Programming kernel developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Requirements: - Must have 15 to 20 years of experience in networking device related management. - Need to have solid C programming experience and solid design skills. - Good in algorithms and Data structures. - Good in IPCs, Memory Management, File Systems. - Kernel development/debugging experience desirable but not mandatory. - Experience working on 1G/10G Ethernet switch platforms. - Understanding of layer 2, layer 3 networking. Mail your updated profile. Company Profile: Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details