TITLE: Sales Manager - Corporate Payment Solution - Chennai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To analyse the target segment for the CPS Products & basis the current processes of these corporates advise, propose various payment solutions and execute the implementations.He/She will be meeting the CFO, CEO, Finance Heads for presentation on various products relating to Commercial Payment Solutions. To achieve the Spends targets by using the 5 product offering under the CPS umbrella Viz Corporate, Purchase, Dealer/Distributor, Aviation, Utility and Central Travel Cards. We are part of cards division and nothing do with Retail Cards sourcing, we issue limits to corporates and the corporate decides to issue limits on cards. To ensure a balance between penetration existing sourced corporates for enhanced spends while still maintaining focus on the new acquisitions/Relationship setups Ensuring the delinquencies remain under control and within specified parameters/levels. Regular follow ups on every payment cycle and addressing general issues of the company once it gets setup in the system. Â Â Requirement Â Should have completed minimum 1 year in current job. Good Communication, analytical skills. Must be a Graduate/ Postgraduate in any field. Corporate Sales experience of 2-3 years. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management corporate sale b2b sales credit card sales sales manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Ltd was promoted in the year 1994 by the premier housing finance company of the country, HDFC Ltd. The Bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995. Today the Bank has a nationwide network of over 2000 branches and 5624 ATMs spread over 996 towns and cities across India The Banks American Depository Shares (ADS) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) are listed on Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Bank has been bestowed with numerous awards and accolades from top national and international agencies & magazines. HDFC Bank comprises of a dynamic and enthusiastic team determined to accomplish the vision of becoming a World-class Indian bank. Our business philosophy is based on our four core values - Customer Focus, Operational Excellence, Product Leadership and People. We believe that the ultimate identity and success of our bank will reside in the exceptional quality of our people and their extraordinary efforts. We are committed to hiring, developing, motivating and retaining the best people in the industry The Bank's objective is to build sound business franchises across distinct businesses so as to be a preferred provider of banking services for target retail and wholesale customer segments. We are committed to healthy growth in profitability while ensuring the highest levels of ethical standards, professional integrity, corporate governance and regulatory compliance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details