TITLE: ERP Technical Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is regarding a position for ERP Technical Advisor with our direct client located in Bangalore . If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Job Title: ERP Technical Advisor Location: Whitefield-Bangalore Required SkillsÂ Oracle EBS Technical, OAF or Oracle Workflow, Financial/HRMS/Supply chain Oracle Application Development Framework (Oracle ADF)-Mandate - 6+ years of technical experience in the implementation and support of Oracle EBS - Experience in Accounts Receivables, Service Contracts, Incentive Compensation and Financials modules - Experience in BI Publisher reports, Oracle forms, Oracle Reports and workflow builder - Experience with OAF development and forms personalization - Expert in PL-SQL coding, interfaces, data conversions, etc. - Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities - Project Management Lifecycle methodology concepts - Excellent communication and ability to work with multi-location team Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Oracle EBS Technical OAF Oracle Workflow Financial HRMS Supply chain Oracle ADF Oracle forms PL - SQL Accounts Receivables Desired Candidate Profile 1) Looking for Immediate joiner only.2) Outstations candidate please do not apply. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Leading IT MNC About VARITE VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details