TITLE: Urgent Demand: Mobility Enterprise Services Admin

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interested candidates are requested to send their resumes toÂ analytics@anthroplace.in Demonstrates the advanced troubleshooting skills necessary to resolve the full scope of customer issues including both technical and customer service inquiries. Follows up with customer to ensure issues are completely resolved. Use various administrative department tools and on-line resources for customer resolution. Use trouble ticket system for tracking customer interactions and problem resolution. Evaluate customers concerns and resolve problems to customer satisfaction. Demonstrates the ability to effectively communicate with customers. Extensive skills in troubleshooting Mobile Device Management (MDM) server issues and working cross teams to resolve complex issues. Open for 24x7 support in rotational basis. Ability to install, configure and troubleshoot Blackberry Enterprise Service(BES v5,BES10,BES12), MobileIron,Airwatch,Citrix XenMobile,IBM MobileFirst Protect (formerly MaaS360),Good For Enterprise(GFE),Lotus Traveler and SOTI technologies. Experience in troubleshooting with Blackberry, Android and iOS devices. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills mobility mobility support MDM Blackberry MobileIron Airwatch Citrix Xenmobile MaaS360 mobility admin mobility enterprise admin Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Interested candidates are requested to send their resumes to analytics@anthroplace.inDemonstrates the advanced troubleshooting skills necessary to resolve the full scope of customer issues including both technical and customer service inquiries. Follows up with customer to ensure issues are completely resolved.Use various administrative department tools and on-line resources for customer resolution. Use trouble ticket system for tracking customer interactions and problem resolution. Evaluate customers concerns and resolve problems to customer satisfaction. Demonstrates the ability to effectively communicate with customers. Extensive skills in troubleshooting Mobile Device Management (MDM) server issues and working cross teams to resolve complex issues. Open for 24x7 support in rotational basis. Ability to install, configure and troubleshoot Blackberry Enterprise Service(BES v5,BES10,BES12), MobileIron,Airwatch,Citrix XenMobile,IBM MobileFirst Protect (formerly MaaS360),Good For Enterprise(GFE),Lotus Traveler and SOTI technologies. Experience in troubleshooting with Blackberry, Android and iOS devices. Company Profile: ANTHROPLACE Consulting Pvt Ltd Fortune 100 IT MNC Our Client has set the agenda for the industry, providing solutions "On Demand". It has been present in India since 1992 (re-entry, after an exit in the 1970s). Since inception, the company in India has expanded its operations considerably with regional headquarters in Bangalore and offices in 14 cities including regional offices in New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. Today, the company has established itself as one of the leaders in the Indian Information Technology (IT) Industry. Our Client is the world's and also India's largest information technology services and consulting provider. It provides the entire spectrum of customers' e-business needs -- from the business transformation and industry expertise of the Business Consulting Services to hosting, infrastructure, technology design and training services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details