TITLE: Corporate Sales Manager (CM) - Food / Drug / Environment

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are looking for Candidates who should posses: 1. Should have excellent English Written and oralÂ Communication Skills. 2. Should be a Science Graduate. Post Graduation in Marketing is a must. 3. Should have positive attitude towards work. 4. Should be target driven, go-getter and have a proven track record of achievements. 5. Should be having 8-13 years of experience in the business development in any NABL accreditated and FSSAI approved Analytical Laboratory. 6. Should have handled sales of Food/Drug Analytical Services in any NABL accreditated and FSSAI approved Analytical Laboratory. 6. Should Posses strong leadership qualities and Business acumen. 7. Should be able to motivate and align the team members as per the need of the company 8. Should have a flair for liaison with Govt and regulatory departments. 9. Should have the willingness to travel extensively. KEY RESPONSIBLE AREAS (KRA) 1. Introducing EFRAC's analytical services to various companies to satisfy their analytical needs. 2. Professional Liasoning with Quality Control/ Quality Assurance Manager , Purchase Manager 3. Create Brand image of EFRAC in the market. 3. Generating new potential clients in the respective area. 4. Managing the client database and co-coordinating with HO for delivering best services. 5. Forecast sales targets monthly and ensure they are met monthly individually and by the team as applicable. 6. Would be able to lead a team of 8-10 people. 7. Effective liaise with the various governmental bodies for acquisition of business. Salary:INR 8,50,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for deserving candidate Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Marketing Promotions New Business Development Sales Management Sales Planning Client Servicing Events Cold Calling Technical Specifications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 8 years of sales experience in the Pharma/ Food or Analytical Services industry with a proven track record of achievement in sales.2. Should be from Science Background with Management Degree.3. Ability to manage a pipeline with multiple accounts and partners.4. A self-motivated, highly driven work ethic5. Proven success, prospecting, building a pipeline, moving opportunities through sales cycle;Â proposing, presenting and discussing solutions with other decision makers.6. Ability to craft solution with appropriate products and partners to meet business goal based on client.7. Demonstrable experience in sales planning meeting and exceeding sales goals8. A passion for customer service and building strong client relationships Company Profile: EDWARD FOOD RESEARCH & ANALYSIS CENTRE LIMITED(EFRAC) We are Edward Food Research & Analysis Centre Ltd, a Testing & R&D Centre for Food, Water, Beverages, Drugs & Pharmaceuticals, Ayurvedic Products, and allied products located at Kolkata having sophisticated instruments with 21 CFR Part 11 Compliance, automated robotics, data loggers, recorders, Class 10K clean rooms & LIMS Integration. EFRAC is accredited by NABL (ISO 17025:2005), USFDA, FSSAI, BIS, APEDA, Tea Board of India, AGMARK, WBPCB, MoEF, Directorate of Drugs Control (DDC), GLP, AYUSH, various SPCBs etc. Apart from offering analytical services for Foods, Water, Drugs and Environment EFRAC also offers customized hands on training programs for various applications. EFRAC has around 75 scientists on-board & undertakes all kind of Food Safety testing, R&D projects and Method Development and Validation studies. At EFRAC, we are committed to provide Timely Services, Continuous Customer Support, Reliable & Precise Results, and Online Reports Upload Facility & Technical Guidance. EFRAC is currently associated with many multinationals & Govt organizations in India & neighboring countries for their analytical & R&D requirements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details