TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role purpose : The 1FBSSPL DevOps Engineer (DOE) will manage and maintain software development systems, java-based application servers, and apache web servers. Reports to: Senior General Manager (IT Head - India) Working Hours: 2:00pm 11:00pm Reported by: Nil (Individual Contributor Role) Job Overview : The 1FBSSPL DevOps Engineer (DOE) will manage and maintain software development systems, java-based application servers, and apache web servers. The DevOps Engineer will assist in the design of robust java-based application architectures that use Weblogic, TIBCO BusinessWorks, F5 network devices, and apache web servers. The DOE will work to improve the operation and reliability of software development systems and application servers through automated monitoring and automation of common tasks. Essential Functions and Responsibilities : Build new software development systems and upgrade and patch existing systems. Act as liaison between software development groups and the Operations group to resolve issues with system configuration and behavior. Configure, patch, and maintain Linux-based application servers and other development servers. Work closely with U.S. based software development teams and Operations personnel to insure development environments are correctly configured. Be quick to recognize tasks which can be automated and then automate them to reduce manual effort and improve repeatability. Conduct performance and fault analysis on applications with the assistance of software developers. Deploy web applications in a clustered and load balanced N-Tier infrastructure Write and maintain documentation involving job related functions. Job Requirements : Minimum 5 years of total relevant experience. Three years of experience in a previous DevOps role working with UNIX/linux servers and with java applications on Weblogic application servers. Experience writing complex shell scripts. Weblogic Java Application Server administration and tuning experience. Expert level understanding of networking/distributed computing concepts and client/server applications Linux administration experience (e.g. Ubuntu, RedHat/CentOS) with a focus on web (Apache) and Ansible would be a plus. Experience with Nagios, writing Nagios Scripts Understanding of protocols and technologies like HTTP, SSL, LDAP, JDBC, Servlet/JSP, HTML, XML Understand application clustering/load balancing concepts and technologies Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English are required. Ability to handle change and a self-starting attitude are required. Ability to work independently and also coordinate with others and to prioritize projects as well as combining research and expertise to assist organization. A passion for providing excellent service Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Release Manager Keyskills Ansible Unix Python Scripting continuous integration build and deployment build and release and deployment Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: IFB Support Services Pvt. Ltd. 1FB Support Services Private Limited (1FBSSPL) is a high growth, small format, and multi-discipline BPO/ KPO organization. The Company is engaged in the business of providing information technology management services, risk management services and contact centre based customer support and collection services to its parent 1st Financial Bank USA (1FBUSA). 1FBUSA is an FDIC-insured, state-chartered bank headquartered in Dakota Dunes, South Dakota, founded in 1910. It has multiple subsidiary operations in various locations across the United States. The bank is a leading provider of financial services to college students and graduates from coast to coast, and is committed to providing quality community banking services in South Dakota. 1FBSSPL offers you the opportunity to learn the credit card business, work with the latest technology, build new applications and systems, interact with US colleagues and have a direct impact on business outcomes in a collegial, family atmosphere and state-of-the-art work environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details