TITLE: Singapore Based MNC Looking SAP Solution Manager for Chennai Location.

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking SAP Solution Manager for Chennai location Please find the below Job Description Interested professional can share your updated profile along with following Details. Total Experience : Exp in SAP Solution Manager : Current Company : Current CTC : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Experience with SAP Solution Manager Landscape management and Administration. Skilled to implement the end to end project life cycle management through Solution manager. Creation of Project - Updating of BPML (using GT-template) - Linking to BBP - Linking to config - Linking to test cases and testing. Configure and setup ITSM and integration with CHARMS in Solution manager. Configure and set up Business process monitoring. Managed Systems configuration in SAP Solution Manager and Management of System Data. EWA Configuration, Maintenance Optimizer Setup/Operation. Setup, Maintain and Integrate SLD and LMDB data sources. EM, Wily, Host agent, SMD Agent, Interoscope Agent Installations. Detailed knowledge of Alerting with ABAP and Java systems, Root Cause Analysis, E2E monitoring setup for SAP systems and Performance tuning in Solution manager. Strong Troubleshooting skills in Managed System Configuration & Technical monitoring, Test Management, Testing Tool Integration. Testing team requirements: Configuration and problem solving skills in ALM. TDMS configuration Good knowledge in TAF and Incident Management through BPCA Good knowledge on 3 types of Test options for all Automation tool connectivity. Sound knowledge on Project Management and problem solving skills. ABAP team requirements: CRM 2007/7.0 WebUI both on the CRM Server (BOL, GenIL, BSP) and on client (Java script etc) Experience in configuration of CRM service and Interaction center Experience in Java and CRM Middle Ware. Experience in PPM Projects integration with Change Request Management. Experience in Management Dash board reports Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills SAP Solution Manager erp solution manager sap solman sap solution assistant manager sap solution senior manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HRFORT MANPOWER SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Singaore Based MNC Hr Fort is a Consulting & Manpower Recruitment company in India. Hr Fort is well known as a company that delivers easy to understand solutions to its clients' needs and it acts as gateway to provide wide range of services for the human resource needs of the company. Hr Fort has adopted international practice and methodology to ensure timely and successful executive search. Hr Fort gives value addition and a solution based approach for an organization seeking recruitment and staffing solutions in any function or category and any domain. Hr Fort operations in India started in the year 2010 as a manpower recruitment and contract / temporary staffing company with our office in Bangalore. Our hallmark is to thoroughly understand clients' unique business needs and deliver an optimal solution to their needs. We have been able to render cost effective and high quality work force to the required positions of the fast-growing Business world of 21st century. Hr Fort strengthen its roots in IT enabled/non IT and BPO. Hr Fort has dedicated and high quality professionals with proven expertise and knowledge across company and client locations. At Hr Fort, recruiters have been divided by competency verticals like BFSI, ITES, EMPI etc for quick response. We also have dedicated teams of recruiters for lateral hiring and staff augmentation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details