TITLE: Java, Spring Developer - Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt Ltd

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent opportunity for Java Spring developers with Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt ltd About Sensiple!!! Sensiple is a global leader in consulting and Information Technology Services. Head quartered in United States-New Jersey with its offices in Singapore and India. Since 1999, Sensiple enables clients to outperform the competition and stay ahead of the business curve by offering services in Banking, Financial Services, Healthcare, Retail and Logistics. Our strategic alliances with industry leaders such as Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and Genesys facilitate us to provide supreme IT Solution offerings to our customer requirements. Interview Date: Daily Interviews from 30th November, 2015(Monday) Desired Skills: 3+ years of experience in developing and testing software using Java J2EE based application programming. Good communication skill Must have experience in developing application using Spring (Spring Core, Spring ORM and Spring Batch), Hibernate . 2+ years of experience in web technologies using Spring MVC, jQuery. Good knowledge of design patterns Experience with J2EE performance and scalability. Experience in Test Driven Development Job Roles and responsibilities: Technical Analyst with strong knowledge of the technology to be able to build/deliver changes per current market trends Data Analysis capabilities with ability to represent the same via UI applications Guide team towards architectural design decisions and implementations Interested candidates can contact us nareshch@sensiple.com or call us 044-47419027 / 07358761531 Salary:INR Best in industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java spring hibernate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should have strong experience in Java, Spring,hibernateWilling to join us with in 30 days Company Profile: Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Sensiple Sensiple is a global leader in consulting and Information Technology Services. Head quartered in United States-New Jersey with its offices in Singapore and India. Since 1999, Sensiple enables clients to outperform the competition and stay ahead of the business curve by offering services in Banking, Financial Services, Healthcare, Retail and Logistics. Our strategic alliances with industry leaders such as Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and Genesys facilitate us to provide supreme IT Solution offerings to our customer requirements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details