TITLE: Regional Sales Manager - AVSI Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Regional Sales Manager AVSI Sales Objective Achieve targets from direct selling of AV integrated solutions to corporates and other verticals. Job Description : Perform key account planning to identify, develop, and generate new business and increase revenues. Obtain market intelligence. Maintain contact and relations with established customer; Provide input as to changing market conditions so as to assist with marketing strategy. Generate and submit bids to customers as requested. Relate field-customer problems to operations & to ensure speedy resolution. Travel to customer worksites as required ensuring products and services meet customer requirements. Conduct sales calls and make product / service presentations to meet customer needs. Work with the Regional Managers and Sales Manager to develop long-term sales strategies for the specific region. Develop understanding of the customers business, technical environment, challenges, and other relevant information to assist in marketing of product. Profile: Candidates should be Graduates/MBAs. Minimum 8-10 years experience in technical marketing and sales, preferably in AV industry. Vertical Knowledge of AV industry and exposure to latest AV solutions Solutions: High End Boardroom / Auditoriums / Museums / Video Conferencing etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills High End Boardroom Auditoriums Museums Video Conferencing high end boardroom auditoriums museums av solutions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Enkay Technologies (India) Pvt Ltd. Enkay Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd. is one of the leading unified communication solutions provider. It started its journey as an Enterprise Telephony Solutions provider and has continued to reinvent itself over the years by offering a varied range of integrated communication solutions right from IP Telephony, Contact Center, Data Networking, IT, Audio Visual System Integration, Video Conferencing to IP Surveillance & Security solutions. Today we are proud to have achieved the milestones such as completion of more than 34 successful years in business, strong patronage of over 50,000 satisfied customers including top companies across all industries. Enkay Technologies has its offices across major cities like Mumbai, Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai and Kolkata supported by a wide distribution network to cover the entire length and breadth of the country. The company has strategic partnerships with global leaders such as NEC, ClearOne, Avaya, FCS, Bosch, Christie, Extreme Networks, 3M, Crestron, Axis Communications, Morpho Detection Inc. and Honeywell With over 34 years of experience and great collaboration with world leaders like NEC, Clearone, Avaya, FCS, Polycom,Bosch, Christie, Extreme Networks, Crestron, 3M Digital Signage, Safran, Honeywell. Enkay offers one-stop-shop convenience to its diverse customers having an equally diverse set of requirements, be it Govt. Offices, PSUs, Large corporate or multi-location enterprise. Known for its exemplary service, Enkay is backed by over 220 employees, including 100 highly trained networking and service engineers. The company has a world class computerized Call Management System to provide online maintenance and Mobile Service Centre to provide uninterrupted service to our valued customers. Enkay also provides Remote Maintenance for PABXs by dialing into customers PABX wherever necessary to carry out the Remote Maintenance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details