TITLE: PMO Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The overall purpose of the Program Management Office (PMO) role is to provide management level PMO services to the Service Delivery teams within a given functional team to ensure a high quality of service to our customers. PMO services include the embedding of methods and processes within the service delivery teams; monitoring and reporting on the provision of service to customers from initial request through to program / project delivery including managing and conducting program / project health checks; Effectively managing the project pipeline to optimize delivery; resource management activities to ensure effective utilization and capacity management; developing and maintaining the overall goals for the function (through the balanced scorecard), contributing to and driving those goals across the function on behalf of the function leader; contributing to the design of processes and tools used by service delivery functions to ensure demand. Program / Project status, can be easily aggregated to the enterprise level; reporting via management dashboards with actions identified to deliver continual improvement. Each PMO analyst has primary responsibilities related to one or more of these areas and may be asked to undertake specific improvement initiatives linked to this area of activity. Partner with the Service Delivery Team to understand their portfolio, business strategy and prioritization to facilitate quality service delivery. Work with cross functional PMOs to define the approach to, for example: Customer request reporting and monitoring from initial request through demand management and for approved concepts to program / project delivery. Assessing and improving the health of programs / projects. Assessing and improving the effectiveness of portfolio management and demand management processes Service Delivery Plan and Outlook principles, processes, roles / responsibilities etc. Identifying, defining, developing and implementing improvements to project reporting and monitoring processes and procedures. Tool requirements for delivering project / financial reporting and monitoring. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Finance Program Management Analysis PMO Service Delivery Resource Management Project Delivery Demand Management Balanced Scorecard Business Strategy Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Work Experience 5 to 7 Years Company Profile: ExcelaCom Technologies ExcelaCom Technologies is an independent software vendor, offering BSS/OSS solutions and services to Tier 1 to Tier 3 NGN communications players across multiple geographies. Leveraging the bouquet of our offerings, we focus on empowering the communications service providers to meet the challenges in today"s converging telecom market. ExcelaCom also provides system integration, application development, testing and full-scale outsourcing facilities, tailored to the needs of the telecommunication industry. Our mission is to re-activate the businesses of our clients through innovations in the business process architecture and the IT infrastructure. Our global operations are supported by our experienced consultants, analysts and technology specialists in US, Europe and Southeast Asia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details