TITLE: Sr. Web Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Web application development using JavaScript frameworks Specific Angular.JS integrated with REST services. *** If you do not read the entire post before applying you will NOT be considered for this wonderful opportunity! Must have EXCELLENT (real world) experience developing software that is robust, scalable, well documented with no performance issues while working primarily with Angular.JS. Knowledge of Java, C++, MySQL, PHP is also highly desirable. Experience writing unit tests for your own code as a way of maintaining high quality in your products. Ability to optimize web apps for speed and performance Experience developing large-scale web software applications used by several thousand concurrent users across multiple types of browsers. You will develop these products in accordance with key objectives: security/functionality, ease-of-use, aesthetics, and value to our customers Ability and willingness to collaborate and learn and teach others while completing: software analysis, code analysis, requirements analysis, software review, system risk analysis and software reliability analysis Clearly and frequently communicate directly with all functional areas of the cross-functional project team. Design, develop and test the front end UI Web infrastructure that leverages the web services authored by the Web Services Team What's In It for you? Very Competitive Salary Annual performance based bonus Work on software development projects for a US based client The ability to work with the latest tools and technology The ability to be part of a wonderful team The ability to develop software and not simply maintain code that others develop. POTENTIAL travel to the USA to engage with client (not guaranteed) Salary:INR 5,50,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MySQL Javascript Web Application Development Rest Web Technologies Web Services Front End php REST Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tridentsqa TridentSQA is a Software Service Provider that has been serving clients from across the globe for the past 4 years. At TridentSQA we are highly experienced in the latest software development and software testing tools and technologies. We are also experienced with software development processes that are utilized by our customers such as Agile Scrum and XP. We provide software consultining services fitting into our client's processes working on our client's schedule with a goal to give our customers 100% satisfaction. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details