TITLE: Satyam Venture Walk-in for Automotive CAE @ Bangalore, Pune & Vadodara

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are pleased to announce that SVES is conducting Walk-In Drive at Bangalore, Pune & Vadodara on 5th and 6th December 2015 (Saturday & Sunday) between 9 AM and 5 PM. Please find the venue details below for quick reference. VENUE DETAILS IN BANGALORE: CITRINE HOTEL No- 211, S C Road Seshadripuram BANGALORE - 560020 Ph: +91 80 40003000 (For address enquiry only) Landmark Near Seshadripuram Police Station & Old Kino Theatre VENUE DETAILS IN PUNE: TECH MAHINDRA Survey No.18/18a, Manikchand Ikon Building 2nd Floor, Bund Garden Road PUNE - 411001 Ph: +91 20 30534343 (For address enquiry only) VENUE DETAILS IN VADODARA: REVIVAL LORD INN VADODARA University Road, Near Kala Ghoda Circle Sayajigunj VADODARA -390002 Ph: +91 265 3013545, 2793535 (For address enquiry only) OPEN POSITIONS ARE DETAILED BELOW: MODELING: 1. FE Modelers SAFETY: Able to perform meshing, de-penetration & do connection for subsystems in Safety. 1-2 years of experience in ANSA. NVH/ Durability: Sheet metal, Plastic meshing & boundary meshing, Depenetration & Assembly. 1-2 years of experience in ANSA.Â Interiors: Modeling of Interior Trim components like IP, Console, Door Trims. Should have experience in HM and ANSA. Capable of Solid Meshing. 1-2 years of experience. Location: Chennai 2. Model Build (Durability/ NVH) Sheet metal, Plastic meshing & boundary meshing Depenetration & Assembly Experience in Integration of Subassembly & connection (in HM & ANSA latest version) Basic Integrity check (Nastran) Knowledge of full vehicle system. 2-5 years of experience. Location: Chennai 3. Model Build (Safety) Able to perform de-penetration & do connection for full vehicle model in Safety ( Radioss/ Ls-Dyna, Hypermesh, Hypercrash) Able to handle contacts, load types and boundary conditions for various safety regulations. (Radioss/ Ls-Dyna, Hypermesh, Hypercrash) Able to perform integrity check in Radioss/ Ls-Dyna. Able to run & debug the model for results. 2-5 years of relevant experience Location: Chennai 4. Model Build (Interiors)Â Able to lead a Small team of 4 to 5 members Experience in assembly of CCB, IP, Console, Door Trim Modeling of Interior Trim components like IP, Console, Door Trims Should have experience in HM and ANSA Capable of Solid Meshing Location: Chennai ANALYSIS: 1. Chassis/ Suspension CAE 3+ years of suspension CAE experience Run equivalent & dynamic & static stiffness analyses for subframes + body in Nastran Run K&C analyses with Abaqus on system level of suspension Run Modal alignment analyses with Abaqus on system level Excellent knowledge of both Abaqus & Nastran as well as exp working in suspension area at OEM. Location: Chennai 2. Powertrain NVH/ Durability/ MBD B.E or M.E in Mechanical with 4+ years of experience in modeling and analysis Good experience in solid meshing especially tetra meshing in Simlab Good experience in tools like preprocessor - HyperMesh/ANSA. Preferably knowledge on both Good experience in solvers like Nastran/Abaqus/ Adams. Location: Chennai 3. Seating Systems CAE B.E or M.E in Mechanical with 4+ years of experience in Seating system analysis. Good experience in Seat modeling and related load cases analysis using LS Dyna, HM, Ansa and Metapost. Good experience in crash analysis with LS Dyna will be an added advantage. Location: Hyderabad/ Chennai 4. Body/ Closures Durability CAE B.E or M.E in Mechanical with 3-6 years of experience in Full body and sub system level Durability analysis. Good experience in Durability analysis using Abaqus, Nastran, HM, Ansa and Metapost. Experience in LS Dyna and Fatigue analysis tools will be an added. Location: Chennai 5. Body/ Vehicle NVH CAE B.E or M.E in Mechanical with 3-8 years of experience in Body NVH and sub system level analysis. Good experience in NVH analysis using Nastran, HM, Ansa and Metapost. Good Experience in Cavity modelling and Fluid structure coupling. Knowledge in NTF and VTF analysis. Location: Chennai/ Hyderabad 6. Crash & Safety CAE B.E or M.E in Mechanical with 3-10 years of experience in sub system/ full vehicle crash & safety analysis. Working knowledge of Lsdyna and preprocessing softwares like Ansa or Hyperworks. Experience in quasi-static and dynamic loadcases post processing, root causing and providing enablers independently. Experience in meeting US and European regulations. Exposure to the subsystem and full vehicle integration. Location: Hyderabad/ Chennai/ Pune 7. Occupant Safety CAE Rich experience in airbag CAE (folding & deployment). Experience in multiple solvers (PAM-Crash & LS-DYNA) preferred. Experience in Radioss solver would be an added advantage. Experience in simulations with dummies and bucks would be a bonus. Experience in quality management systems Seat belt CAE experience would be a big bonus Experience working on PAM-CRASH/ LS-Dyna, Sim-Folder & HyperMesh Location: Hyderabad Please do send copies of recently updated resumes to: Praveen.mupkala@satven.com Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills ansa hypermesh nastran abaqus ls dyna pamcrash simfolder adams durability nvh crash occupant safety restraints structural crash body nvh vehicle nvh body durability interiors durability mbd vehicle crash Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Automobile, Aviation, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Production/Industrial PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Automobile, Aviation, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Production/Industrial Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Satyam-Venture Engineering Services Pvt. Ltd. Satyam Venture Engineering Services (SATVEN) is established as a dedicated automotive engineering services company in 2000 with an objective to provide Automotive Engineering Services and Solutions to Global Automotive Customers. SATVEN is a pioneer in the field of Engineering Services in Automotive domain in India. It has setup one of the first Offshore Development Centre (ODC) in India for a Global Automotive customer soon after inception, and has successful track record of delivering high value added services to major OEM and Tier-1 companies around the world. Starting in the initial years with activities like Legacy Data Migration, Change Management, 3D Modeling, Detailing, and FE Meshing, SATVEN now has proven service offerings in Product Design, 3-Dimensional Tolerance Stacks, Value Analysis and Value Engineering (VAVE), Competitive Benchmarking, Supplier Development and Supplier Quality Engineering, Digital Manufacturing, Crash & NVH Simulations and Computational Fluid Dynamics. SATVEN's domain expertise covers body, closures, interior trims, exteriors, seating systems, braking systems, occupant safety systems, chassis, steering & suspension systems, among others. SATVEN's flexible business models together with the right mix of onsite, offshore and offsite support, SATVEN maximizes the value-add to Automotive customers based on their specific needs. With about 1500+ engineers working in various locations in India, US, Europe and Japan, SATVEN is poised to take Indian Engineering Service Industry into the league of Automotive Consulting and from providing discrete services to complete solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details