TITLE: Opportunity for Build And Release Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â 1. 2 plus years experience in Build Tools, Automation tools, Release Management, Application deployments, Application packaging, MS Build, Team Foundation Server Builds 2. TeamCity, nAnt, TFS, WIX, Install Shield Etc. 3. Scripting knowledge: XML/XSLT, HTML, JavaScript 4. Knowledge ofÂ Java and OOP concepts. 5. Experience in agile methodology Kindly send your resume to indumathi.baskar@datacert.com Regards Indu Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Release Manager Keyskills build and release engineer build release teamcity nAnt TFS WIX Install shield Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions ELM Solutions, a Wolters Kluwer business, was formed in 2014 by combining the operations of Datacert and TyMetrix, the two Enterprise Legal Management industry leaders. We started as early pioneers in legal e-billing and, over more than two decades, have continued to drive the evolution of the legal technology market as our clients' needs have evolved and grown. The one constant is that we have maintained a focus on investing heavily in our products and services to ensure that we always offer the leading and most innovative solutions in the market. *175+ years of history stretch across many geographies and areas of expertise *Four verticals; five operating divisions to enable legal, tax, finance, and healthcare professionals to be more effective and efficient *"When You Have to Get it Right" *Provide information, software, and services that deliver vital insights, intelligent tools, and the guidance of subject-matter experts *Our revenue is spread globally, with 7% coming from emerging markets (BRIC), 39% from Europe, and 54% from North America. *Operations: Over 40 countries across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Latin America *Employees: Approximately 19,000 worldwide *Headquarters: Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands This investment drove the development of PassportÃ‚Â®, our patented technology platform. Passport is the most advanced and modern technology platform in the industry. Passport provides the extensibility and flexibility to rapidly deliver exciting new software solutions and to enable our clients to design and build custom technology ecosystems to support their unique needs. The release of Passport in 2010 marked the establishment of a new market, Enterprise Legal Management, a term coined by ELM Solutions and adopted across the industry and by analysts. Our commitment to innovation also drove the development of TyMetrixÃ‚Â® 360Ã‚Â°, the leading SaaS-based ELM solution, as well as the establishment of LegalVIEWÃ‚Â®, the world's largest data warehouse of legal performance data. Leveraging the over $64B-worth of legal invoice benchmarking data in LegalVIEW, we deliver legal analytics solutions and services that give legal professionals unprecedented business insights. Today, ELM Solutions is the global market leader in transformational, technology-based solutions for the legal industry ecosystem, delivering total solutions to address the intricate complexities facing corporate legal departments, law firms, claims departments, and risk and compliance organizations. We have a global workforce of over 500 people, customers in over 190 countries, and have completed more than 700 implementations of our software. ELM Solutions combines our deep domain experience and expertise, our advanced technology platform, our extensive global network, and the resources of Wolters Kluwer - our parent organization and a market-leading global information services company - to bring unmatched innovation and insight to our customers. This enables us to deliver solutions that empower our customers to make better business decisions, mitigate risk more effectively, work more collaboratively, and ultimately, deliver greater value to their clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details