TITLE: Call Center Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Takes Intbound telephone callsÂ feedback to customers via telephone during designated hours;Â Takes Inbound or promotional call to customers. Delivers accurate description of product and/or service to customers; Provides accurate information and instruction to customers in accordance with campaign guidelines;Â Develops and maintains productive working relationship with team members; Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 1,50,000 P.A. Best in the Industry Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Inbound Call Center voice process bpo domestic bpo Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidates should be able to speak any one or more than one of the below languages fluently for a day shiftTeluguHindiGujaratiKannada Company Profile: Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited Chennai based leading asset financing non banking finance company with operations pan India, with an AUM of over Rs.8000 crs and employing around 3000 people.finance companies spread across 20 states pan-India with 1100+ locations. Through a vast network of branches, it provides customized finance for the widest range of utility vehicles, tractors, cars, two wheeler and other commercial vehicles, focusing on the semi-urban and rural sector. Hinduja Leyland finance is a conglomerate of "HINDUJA GROUP" which has global presence in Automobiles, Energy & Chemicals, IT/ITES, Banking and Finance, Media/Entertainment and Infrastructure. HLF aims to enable people fulfill their ambition of owning their own vehicle. We think of ourselves, not as a simple loan provider, but as a partner in your quest to fulfill your biggest ambitions in life and in business. We offer an exhaustive suite of vehicle financial solutions -Commercial vehicle finance, Personal Vehicle finance, Construction Equipment Finance, Rural finance loans etc. What's unique with our business model is that, we provide an easy-to-use loan calculator with which one can decide on the tenure, interest rate and the loan amount that best suits you. HLF's goal is to be a one stop shop in the space of vehicle and equipment finance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details