TITLE: Direct Sales Executive - Chennai

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To Sell Life insurance in the market thorugh different channel such Leads given by company, references, cold calling and promotional activities at Corporates. Â Needs to achieve sales target. Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. + incentives+performance bonus+ mediclaim policy for family + Future Group discount card Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Keyskills Direct Sales Sales Executive Activities Life Insurance Corporate Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Future Generali India Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Future Generali India Life Insurance Company Ltd. is a joint venture between the Future Group, Generali group, and Industrial Investment Trust Limited (IITL). Future Group is one of India's leading business houses with multiple businesses spanning across the retail space. The company has presence in multiple consumer-centric businesses like retail, consumer finance, capital, insurance, media, brands, and logistics. It owns and manages multiple retail formats such as Pantaloons, Big Bazaar, Central, Food Bazaar, and Home Town. The Generali Group is one of the most significant players in the global insurance and financial products market. Primarily focused on the life segment, the Generali Group offers a wide range of products ranging from savings and family protection policies to unit-linked policies to its customers worldwide. Industrial Investment Trust Limited (IITL) is an investment firm registered as a Non-Banking Financial Company with Reserve Bank of India (RBI). It holds 22.50% stake in the equity of Future Generali India Life Insurance Company Ltd. Future Generali Life Insurance provides a complete range of simplified solutions for the financial security of customers and enterprises, including savings, family protection, unit linked policies, as well as group products. Started its operations in 2007, Future Generali Life Insurance is spread across 98 branches within the country and has sourced over 11 lakh policies so far. The company received the Silver EFFIE award in the financial services category in 2011, for marketing effectiveness during the Future Generali Insurance Week. Future Generali Life Insurance's investment team has received the ISO 9001:2008 certification for its 'claims' and 'customer care support' functions in 2013. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details