TITLE: Chief Operations Officer / Chief Executive Officer - IIM / IIT / XLRI

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience: - Should have worked with top MNCs as COO, CEO, CXO, Directors or equivalent and strong track record of success through revenue turnaround and change management. - Anchors all operational activities of the organization in accordance with policies, goals, and objectives established by the organization. - To Ensure performance targets are clearly laid down for the business as well as for the top executives of the organization - Participate in the development and preparation of short - term and long - term plans, goals and budgets based upon broad organization goals and objectives. Make informed recommendations to the Management & Board. - As a true business partner to the group and the board, assess organizational performance against the annual budget and group's long & short - term strategy - To build strong brand image in the market as well as in the society by ensuring highest standards of quality in the work executed. - Serve as a member of executive leadership team. Represent as member of the board to discuss and deliver commercial, market and operational reviews, strategic studies and business plan reviews. - To Review, assess and recommend enhancements to the current status of the strategy on a periodical basis - Develop recommendations (strategic and tactical) for the growth & development of the organization and group companies. - Develop and execute analysis of various business initiatives (e.g., expansion, asset acquisition, diversification and etc). - Assist in establishing yearly objectives and meeting agendas, and selecting and engaging outside consultants (auditors, investment advisors etc). - Oversee long-term budgetary planning and costs management in alignment with company strategic plan, especially as the organization considers sponsorships, potential acquisitions, and collaborations with external organizations - Oversee financing strategies and activities, as well as banking relationships. - Develop and utilize forward-looking, predictive models and activity-based financial analysis to provide insight into the organization's operations and business plans - Assists the management in the development & achievement of the organization's goals through proper systems, procedure & policies in all respects. Taking organization to the next level with proper guidance / inputs to the Management & the board. - Provides daily operational leadership to assigned business units, including resource allocation, expense management and educational programs for new and experienced associates. - Responsible of operations, people, financial performance, and growth of the functions as well as the other business units. To achieve budgeted results and other financial criteria - Direct development and implementation of processes, procedures and controls, promote communication and adequate information flow, in order to consolidate management control and organization's direction - Evolve and establish standard operating policies consistent with the Management's broad policies and objectives and oversee proper implementation of the same. - Appraise and evaluate the results of the overall organization regularly and systematically, and reports the results to the management and board. - Develop and maintain a sound plan of organization structure, business imperatives and vision - Design and execute commercial analysis e.g. market sizing, market driver analysis, business model analysis, competitive benchmarking, etc. - Design and execute financial analysis (including high level modeling capability) to support development of strategic insights. - Ensure all regulatory and statutory compliances are met on time with governmental regulations and corporate laws governing business operations. Build good rapport with all external bodies related to business. - Develop business cases and business plans underpinned by robust financial analysis in support of strategic initiatives. And Lead work-stream and analysis on engagements and take responsibility for small teams when required. - Responsible for periodical review of Sales team on their planned vs. actual achievement. - Responsible for periodical review of Engineering team on structure completion, on time delivery, timely execution of milestones & on time execution of pre launch activities. - Responsible for periodical review of Marketing team on their marketing and branding initiatives (both online & offline) - Responsible for periodical review of customer care team on the satisfaction level of the customers and brand loyalty. - Responsible for periodical review of collection team on their Target vs. achievement. - Responsible for periodical review of allied functions as well. - To co-ordinate with statutory auditors and organize the audit and bring out audited accounts in time as per the requirement of the management. - Co-ordinate with each of the departments and verticals to prepare the annual budget and reports for budgetary control. Analysis and review the statement monthly and quarterly. - To take necessary remedial / preventive action in case of any weaknesses / deficiencies noticed in the operating procedures, working methods etc., - Review and finalize the resource allocation plan for the next year based on the verticals- plans. - Develop and utilize forward-looking, predictive models and activity-based financial analyses to provide insight into the organization's operations and business plans. - Review vertical-wise and project-wise monthly, quarterly, half yearly and annual profitability & Cash flow statement - Prepare and maintain regular financial planning reports; Monthly profit and loss forecast by division (vs. budget); Weekly cash flow forecast. - Develop and maintain capital budget. - Assist in development of financial planning and analysis exercises / reports. - Oversee cash, investment, and asset management. - Ensure statutory and regulatory compliance regarding all group organizations. - Defining goals, development and implementation of the purchasing strategies for projects and suppliers - Formulate new strategic objectives as well as co-ordinate for global and forward sourcing - Review procurement / material manual periodically - Monitor overall procurement cost, evaluate, decide and implement cost reduction methods identified by self or by sub-ordinates - Set guidelines for subordinates to follow in terms of purchase price, reorder levels, order quantity, scrap disposal etc. - Review and approve human resources strategy and policy in alignment with corporate strategy - Review HR policies and systems including performance management system - Review Manpower plan for the organization and approve - Review succession strategy plan. - Ensure grievances of employees are addressed across the organization according to the systems and policies laid down - Ensure that the necessary statutory requirements are met in time - Ensure all the enquiries of auditors with regard to HR audit is attend on time and sorted out. - Provide motivation and be a role model to the staff and employees of the company - Review and ensure that functional responsibilities and authority are clearly defined and understood enabling decision making at the lowest practicable level of supervision - Review the performance of the direct reportees / senior management on a periodic basis - Identify and recommend learning and development needs of the direct reportees and plan their learning and development and follow up for implementation - Develop and monitor key performance indicators of the personnel reporting directly and counsel to facilitate their continued development - Enable the team to perform effectively by delegating / assisting / guiding / counseling / developing the senior members of the organization - Monitor the status of employee relations in the Department and initiate pre-emptive action to maintain satisfactory / harmonious employee relations KRA's: - Income from Projects and P&L of all the projects, Departments, Organization as a whole. - To ensure the achievement of targeted net profit margin - Profitability (EBIT / Income from projects) - To ensure achievement of the agreed target against approved budget - Implementation of all engineering planning and monitoring systems - Implementation of material and sub-contractor management systems - Ensure completion of projects in time - Ensure procurement within budget - Streamlining Finance & Accounts policies and procedures - Effective funds planning and management - Cost of funds (Interest and finance charges as a % of revenue) - Ensuring timely and accurate maintenance of books of accounts. - Completion of statutory formalities in time - Identification and reporting risks and providing inputs on risk mitigation - Finalization of audit on time. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills audit statutory formalities risk mitigation finance Accounts procurement engineering counseling assisting ISB Symbiosis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance, Marketing, CA, ICWA(CMA) Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualification : - A graduate with Post graduation in Business management program, Professional courses like CA / ICWA / ICS or equivalent Preferred candidates : - From IIM, IIT, XLRI, ISB, Symbiosis & other premier Tier-1 B Schools with strong knowledge of Management concepts / Finance & Accounts / Sales & Marketing / Operations and related functions. Company Profile: Talenture Management Consulting Leading Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details