TITLE: Telecalling Executive / Freshers for KPO Process (voice & Non Voice)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Telecalling Â Executive: Â (Domestic Voice Process) Roles & Responsibilities: Need to call customers to get business information Follow up customers on regular basis to get the deal closed Identify the needs of the individual customer and provides proper assistance. Reports handling and achieving day to day target Additional Skill-set/Requirements: Candidate should possess good communication skills (Knowledge of English is a must). Candidates should have any one additional language of Hindi, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada along with English Should have Minimum of 0-1years in calling (Out Bound / Inbound / customer service roles) (Interested Freshers may also apply) Basic computers knowledge is required Should be a Good team player and target driven person Good organizational skills Willingness to learn, stay and grow (Day Shift Working) Immediate Joinees or who can join in less than 10 days will be preferred. Good Communication will be an added advantage. Salary will be best as per industry standards If interested please directly Walk-in to our office. Please find below the venue: Habiliss Systems Pvt Limited. JVL Plaza, Ground floor & Fourth Floor,501 Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai -600018 Landmark - SIET College Signal (Opp to Voltas building). Interview Time : 10.30 AM to 5.00 PM (Only Weekdays) If you have any doubts, please give a call to 044-49086146 / 49086100(10.00.AM to 6.00 PM) About the Organisation Habiliss is an initiative of Amnet, a leading global provider of outsourcing services. Located in Chennai, India, Amnet was founded in 2000 and led the development of the outsourcing industry in India. Since then, the company has grown into a global leader of outsourcing services. Our services have reduced costs, increased productivity, and driven business growth for organizations around the world. The support services Habiliss offers are extensive, ranging from performing mundane tasks such as word processing, data harvesting, data entry, and travel planning to strategic activities that include data management, lead generation, custom market research and business intelligence, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) database development, and much more. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. (incentives + Allowance + Yearly Bonus + Retention Bonus) Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Keyskills Customer Handling Follow Ups Retail Sales Corporate Sales Client Servicing Outbound Sales telesales outbound calling telemarketing upselling inbound sales telecalling tele caller fresher Entry Level Trainee walkin non voice Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Habiliss Systems Private Limited Habiliss is an initiative of Amnet, a leading global provider of outsourcing services. Located in Chennai, India, Amnet was founded in 2000 and led the development of the outsourcing industry in India. Since then, the company has grown into a global leader of outsourcing services. Our services have reduced costs, increased productivity, and driven business growth for organizations around the world. The support services Habiliss offers are extensive, ranging from performing mundane tasks such as word processing, data harvesting, data entry, and travel planning to strategic activities that include data management, lead generation, custom market research and business intelligence, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) database development, and much more. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details