TITLE: Moodle Support Specialist (telecommute) (work from Home)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an experienced Moodle Support Specialist who is ready to moveÂ to the next level. If you enjoy a challenge, and are driven by curiosity and results, thisÂ may be the most rewarding job you ever had. Lingel Learning is a leading provider of eLearning solutions. We provide CourseÂ Development, Training and Managed Hosting to clients in Education, CorporateÂ Training, Healthcare and Government in Australia and Canada. We are a young andÂ dynamic organization that will put you in the driver seat and give you a chance toÂ learn fast, and contribute to our growth and our brand. This job will require you to work from home and you will be required to work betweenÂ the hours of 6:30:00 PM and 2:30 AM (IST). You will be supporting our CanadianÂ clients so you will need to have a strong knowledge of Moodle and strong written andÂ verbal communication skills. Responsibilities Provide level 2 support services for customer issues Reproduce, troubleshoot, and diagnose technical issues Escalate issues to Level 3 support according to procedure Ensuring SLAs are met, and customers are updated with appropriate timeliness according to best practices Contribute to corporate knowledge by capturing best practices, either in documents, knowledge base items or shared documents; developing best practices and documentation, whether procedural or technical Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills HTML Moodle Javascript Corporate Training GIT Web Services Learning Desired Candidate Profile QualificationsMinimum 2 years of experience in customer facing application support role.Customer application support experience in the software industry, including phone and email channelsCustomer service skills and strong written and verbal communications.Technical troubleshooting and issue documentationAble to work autonomously and as part of a teamAble to work well under pressure, meet deadlines, and thrive in a fast-paced, intellectually challenging, and performance-driven environmentDesired Technical CompetenciesExperience with eLearning softwareExperience in the enterprise software industryExperience with open-source software such as MoodleExperience with LAMP stack, HTML, and CSSBenefits of Working at Lingel Learning:Flat organization with a highly collaborative teamWorking with international clients and world-wide brandsCompetitive compensation planBonus based on performanceCareer progression Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Lingel Learning India Pvt. Ltd Lingel Learning is a leading provider of eLearning solutions. We provide Course Development, Training and Managed Hosting to clients in Education, Corporate Training, Healthcare and Government in Australia and Canada. We are a young and dynamic organization that will put you in the driver seat and give you a chance to learn fast, and contribute to our growth and our brand. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details