TITLE: Urgently Require Relationship Manager- SME for a Reputed NBFC

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Relationship Manager Relevant Experience : 3 to 6 years Educational Qualification MBA, Graduate Principal Accountabilities Acquire & Manage Corporate/SME/MME customers for factoring service,Channel Finance,Asset backed term loan & working Capital loans. Can handle ticket size of 1Cr-50 Crs for financial requirement. Leading the region to achieve set targets on a month on month basis, delivery of volumes, IRR, Fee. Ensure achievement of the business & collection targets & Quality business sourcing to ensure Risk mitigation Maintain and build relationship with dealers, existing customers and new customers Acquisition of new customer /clients by adopting go-to-market strategy Compliance to the pre-defined IRR & ensure adherence of policies & norms Ensure process and documentation compliance , FI , agreement execution , credit approval Maintain pre-defined PDA, EDA and NS and Implement pre-defined FTR percentage *** Â Specifically looking for sales professional having good exposure on Corporate, SME, MME loan. (Asset based funding & Project Finance), Working Capital,term loan, Bank Guarantee funding, Factoring & Channel Finance etc.Â Salary:INR Best in industry Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Relationship Executive Keyskills Relationship Manager relationship officer relationship executive sales manager rm Sme Banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapphire Management Consultancy Sapphire management is a premier Talent Management Consultancy firm. We are Committed to establish and maintain a positive difference to your staffing needs. We at Sapphire Management Consultancy are a headhunting and manpower recruitment firm. We have gained this recognition by providing exceptional services to our clients and candidates. We are in the business of effectively understanding your manpower requirements, procuring the candidate with the desired profile and building trusted relationships. With our industry expertise, we understand that company's today require more than a skilled candidate; they reach for employees who are productive, exhibit a positive attitude and have the ability to become a member of their team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details