TITLE: Logistic Officer

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Daily Planning / Finalization / Co Ordination for execution of primary movement through Road/Rail from plants, based on stock Levels and availability of orders at depots. Co-ordination with state sales team and CFA for Sec. orders movement. Maintenance of adequate stock levels based on the historic and movement and comparison with current sales movement. Depot, CFA and Sec. Transportations Benchmarking Planning and Finalization. Depot Maintenance. Co-ordination with Railways and CFAs on Rake Placement, Clearance and Handling across State. Depot Customer Mapping Based on Lowest Cost of Delivery. Monitoring of standardization of bags, Stock Ageing and ensuring of FIFO method at Depots. Coordinating with Plant Dispatch Team and HO Logistics Team to ensure smooth Primary and Sec. Movement. Ensuring Lower TAT of Trucks at Depot by coordinating with Sales Team and CFA. Processing of CFA handling, Sec. Transport Bills and Sending to HO Logistics for Processing. Knowledge on Rake Point Operations and Knowledge of liaison with Railway Officials for DC and WC bills clearance. Ensuring of all relevant legal documents is available for Sec. Deliveries along with trucks by Coordinating with CFAs. Resolution of grievances in entire primary, Sec. Movements till material reached to Customer. Ensuring of deliveries is happening as per the destination specified in the Invoice. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Rail Legal Documentation Transportation Railways FIFO Dispatch Interpersonal Skills Grievance Handling MS Office TAT Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PENNA CEMENT INDUSTRIES LIMITED Penna Group is one of the South India's leading business conglomerates. Market leaders in diverse areas of businesses including Cement, Power, Infrastructure, Aluminum, Hospitality and Reality, its wings have spread across 10 states in India, with a current turnover of Rs. 2,600 Crores. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details