TITLE: Regional Business Manager ( Main Division)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Responsible to create & develop his own sales team of ABMs and TBOs (MRs) of high potential with the necessary technical expertise & knowledge. 2. Self-motivated to mentor & motivate his team to sell the company's product along with knowledge of business expansion in Bangalore. 3. Having well deserve reputation, experience and understanding about the procedure of establishing of strong distribution network. 4. Always ready to act/address as a point of first reference for all sales / field related queries and issues and work collaboratively with colleagues in field to accurately assess their problems & needs to resolve them on time. 5. He must be smart enough to generate business from his existing customers and from new customers to provide immediate stand to the new launched company. 6. Responsible for reviewing Sales data to ensure that the field force is kept up to date the progress of new developments regarding the company's objectives & competitors products. 7. Closely involved with the field force to assess the response in field after their daily working to ensure that company's corporate policies and marketing strategies must be followed & implemented in a timely manner. 8. Take regular feedback from teammates to assess customer attitudes to the current product range and new product introductions. 9. Assist to team from front to let them understand the importance of accomplishment of their annual Sales plan & Target for the organization. 10. Must have good General products knowledge for on job training to his team, when and where required to enhance their sales performance to achieve the company's objectives. Salary:INR 5,50,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills General Products GP main division General division ortho gastro physician general physician Desired Candidate Profile Ideal candidate should be having minimum B.Sc or B Bharm age upto 40 years 9 + years of experience in pharma sales, currently working in 2nd line position knowledge of Karnataka region significant experience in ortho, gastro or gp segment Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, M.Pharma - Pharmacy Company Profile: DIgnity Consultants A Client The Company is founded in 2003. Their product basket offers over 200 APIs & 120 Formulations covering 35 major therapies. Having a team size of 3500. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details