TITLE: Fresher Walkin Business Development Associate - Dec 3, 4, and 5 2015

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walk in Date: Dec 3, 4 and 5, 2015 (Thursday, Friday and Saturday) Time: 11:00 amÂ Venue: SOFT SUAVE TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD, LAKE VIEW ESTATE, BASEMENT, 100, KUNDRATHUR MAIN ROAD, PORUR CHENNAI - 600116 Landmark: Same building as in Medall Medical Center PH:044-65656222 Job Description of Business Develpoment Associate: . Understand the Services Offerings of Soft Suave Technologies & target overseas client's base Preparing action plans and schedules to identify target market gathering data on the same Providing demo presentation to clients whenever required. Updating and Establishing the brand name of Software Services. Establish and maintain a cordial relationship with current and Prospective clients. The ability to speak with confidence about a range of products/services Preparing and maintaining master report of entire activities, including daily activity, leads, follow-up, closings, future prospects and adherence to goals. Develop effective working relationships with customers through regular meetings and identify sales opportunities Responsible for cold calling, followuo calling, collecting market data via market research & Internet Surfing, analyze data, email campaign to build pipelines to qualify and develop number of prospects. Fixing up in-person & telecon meetings to onsite managers and in house technology teams Create contacts list on a daily base and update information on CRM Report generation, weekly, monthly basis on the activities, numbers, and achievement. Working Hours: Night Shift Â 6:30 pm to 4:00 pm Eligibility:Â The incumbent should be a Graduate/ MBA with 0-3 Years of experience in business development/ cold calling / international sales /BPO - voice process Interview Process: Three Level of interviews will be conducted. Candidate will be judged upon following aspects: English Communication skills Grammar Boldness Technical skills in marketing Salary: 3 lacs CTC per annum Interview Date: 3 Dec, 4 Dec, and 5 Dec 2015 (Thursday, Friday and Saturday) Interview Time: 11:00 am Venue: Soft Suave Technologies (P) Ltd. No.100, Lake View Estate, Basement, Kundrathur Main Rd, MS Nagar, Porur, Chennai 600116 Phone number: 044- 6565222 Company Profile Soft Suave Technologies Pvt Ltd. http://www.softsuave.comSoft Suave was established in 2012. It is one of the emerging software companies and provides offshore software development solutions to the clients around the globe. We provide 50+ dedicated staff / teams to clients. Our main focus is into Cloud development, Mobile Development, E-commerce Solutions, Healthcare solutions. We completely concentrate on java, google app engine, google apps script and around google. + One stop solution for all your Web and mobile services. + Website Applications. + Software Applications in java. + Android and IOS Mobile apps + 24/7 Online Availability Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Recurrent Incentive Plan Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development International Marketing Client Interaction BPO and Customer Service Operations BPO and Call Centre Web Marketing Email Marketing Cold Calling Lead Generation inside sales market research it sales presales leads Ma Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, International Business, Marketing, Systems, Any Specialization, International Business, Marketing, Systems, Any Specialization, International Business, Marketing, Systems Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Ability to interact with international prospectsMBA fresher with excellent communication skills are appreciated.Willing to work at night shift from 6:30 pm to 4:00 amExcellent english communication skills Company Profile: Soft Suave Technologies Pvt Ltd. A few words about our company We are India based company that provides offshore software development solutions to the clients around the globe. We provide dedicated staff / teams to clients. We completely concentrate on java, google app engine, google apps script and around google. We provide free consulting for research projects and do proof of concept for free. + One stop solution for all your Web and mobile services. + Website Applications. + Software Applications in java. + Android and IOS Mobile apps + 24/7 Online Availability. + Strong technology competency. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details