TITLE: Looking for Senior java Developer to work on Network Software Product

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5 +years Â or more of work experience in relevant technologies. Expertise in Java/J2EE, Spring/ hibernate and Rest API implementation a must. JDBC knowledge is a must. Development experience in JSP and Javascript a plus. JPA exposure is desired. Good oral and written communication. Exposure to Agile Process is desired. Knowledge Â in TCP/IP preferred. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Spring Java Hibernate J2Ee Rest JPA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Terafast Networks (P) Ltd Terafast networks was founded by Mr.Ravichandran an IITian with over two decades of industry experience. He worked as a principal software Engineer (consultant) in Ellacoya Networks from 2001 to 2004. Prior to that he was working as a Sr. Project Manager in Future Software Limited and was incharge of all TCP/IP protocol stacks development and porting (including unicast and multicasting routing protocols). He also worked as a team leader in Banyan Networks Pvt Ltd developing the state-of-the-art Digital Internet Access switch (DIAS) and Remote Access switches and other Ethernet switches. Ravi completed M.S (Computer Networks) from IIT Madras and B.E in Computer Science and Engg.. from Govt. College of Technology, Coimbatore. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details