TITLE: Medical Representative

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Warm Greeting from Vcare, The first clinic was set up in 2002, within few years of its inception Vcare positioned itself as a unique hair and skin care clinic. 16 hair clinic branches emerged fast in the four provinces Tamilnadu, Pondicherry, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Vcare products are unique, specialized, and affordable. These products are introduced in the market after a wide research studies and great investigation executed at Vcare Trichological Research center. The research center comprises of professionals from diverse background that include Trichology, Alternative Medicine, Chemical engineering, Microbiology, Nutrition & Dietetics, Massage Therapy, Management, IT and finance who are all working together to cater effectively to the client needs. DESIGNATION: Medical Representative GENDER: Male/Female Experience: 0.6 to 5 yr SALARY: Salary is not a constraint for suitable candidates. LOCATION: Chennai -T Nagar JOB PROFILE: Meet Doctors, Nurses, Hospital Incharge, Chemists and Stockist to generate sales and achieve the required sales. Develop & maintain excellent relationship with all stake holders in Hospitals/Territory. Implement Co strategy & market research Having decent communication skill and convincing skills. Immediate joiners are preferable. The Interested candidate, Kindly forward your update resume, to jobs@vcaregroup.in reach us on 9500002873. Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for right candidate Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Medical Representative Keyskills Medical and Healthcare pharma and healthcare medical and hospital medical and life sciences Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prabas Vcare Health Clinic Pvt limited The first clinic was set up in 2002, within few years of its inception Vcare positioned itself as a unique hair and skin care clinic. 16 hair clinic branches emerged fast in the four provinces - Tamilnadu, Pondicherry, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Vcare products are unique, specialized, and affordable. These products are introduced in the market after a wide research studies and great investigation executed at Vcare Trichological Research center. The research center comprises of professionals from diverse background that include Trichology, Alternative Medicine, Chemical engineering, Microbiology, Nutrition & Dietetics, Massage Therapy, Management, IT and finance who are all working together to cater effectively to the client needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details