TITLE: Assistant Manager-hr / Assistant Manager-tag / Recruitment

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate / Jobseeker We have an urgent requirement with one of our Major Client,Details find below. Position:Assistant Manager-HR or Assistant Manager-Talent Acquisition Location:Chennai & Noida Exp:5-10 Yrs Job Description: 5-10 years of relevant experience in to end to end Recruitment/ Talent Acquisition,Employee Engagement,Compensation & Benefits,Performance Management,Learning and development. Hiring BPO/ITES Exp.,Bulk hiring and Volume hiring exp. is an added advantage. interested can share the profiles to suman.k@talentbeacon.net Thanks & Regards, Suman Kumar.Y 040 49160610 suman.k@talentbeacon.net Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. As per norms Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Recruitment Talent Acquisition Volume Hiring BPO ITES Bulk Hiring Employee Engagement Performance Management Talent Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talent Beacon HR Solutions Pvt Ltd Assistant Manager-hr / Assistant Manager-tag / Recruitment HOME WHO WE ARE About us We are in our 5th year of providing recruitment and talent acquisition related services from our India based center of excellence in Hyderabad and headquarters based out of New York. We provide increased operations capabilities and cost benefit advantages to both staffing companies and corporate clients that are India and Multinational based. TalentBeacon focuses on our consultative approach and operational expertise in services locally, regionally and globally. We have an extensive track record of building, managing and maintaining exceptional teams in both emerging market and developed market locations. TalentBeacon is most successful with companies and departments that are looking for a partner organization that emphasizes strong execution, an organized collaborative approach and cost benefit advantages of incorporating offshore, nearshore or virtual components to their overall delivery capabilities. TalentBeacon's capabilities are based upon the company's executive leadership, international experience and consultative background, as well as our trusted executive team, management leadership, technology expertise. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details