TITLE: Territory Manager Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identifying and appointing Franchise/Retailers in all the areas under his territory. Motivating the Franchisees through reportees to increase sales, Distribution & Retailer enhancement. Business Planning and achievement of activations, Developing Channels for Prepaid business. Monitoring the sales and collection of all Franchises. Conducting promotional activities, On the Job training & if required special training programme for DSEs (Direct Sales Executives). Monitoring and Reporting competitors activities to company like Prices, contest and new product launches. Communicating companies contest to franchises and motivating them to achieve higher sales. Achieving self and team target in Sales and Franchises recruitment Responsible for entire distribution network of assigned districts. Consistently increasing the Sales/Revenues of the company.Â Excellent communication skills and the ability to relate to people at all levels.Â Self-motivated, smart and capability of leadership, to face challenges & achieve the set objectives.Â Expertise in implementing on job training programs for field sales force to bring in keen customer focus, high energy level and team spirit in the sales team. Effectively interfacing with people at all levels, managing healthy work environment and inculcating teamwork with high work ethics. Mentoring, motivating and guiding team members ensuring sales - business generation and achieving budgeted figures on monthly basis. Handling Distribution and Channel Sales Management Salary:INR As per Industry standard. + Conveyance + Incentive Industry: Gems / Jewellery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills Channel Sales Management Distributor Handling Territory Management Direct Sales Distribution Network Channel Distribution Field Sales Promotions Franchise Business Generation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Prakash Gold Palace Pvt Ltd. Merchendiser Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details