TITLE: Business Development Manager - Retail

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interacting with client/companies and Business Owners to analyze the business model and develop the Franchise route. Developing business plan and sales strategy for the market that ensures attainment of company revenue goals and profitability. Business Development from new and existing clients. Drafting Proposals & Agreements by analyzing clients business/functional requirements & presenting business proposals to targeted brands on face to face meetings Price Negotiations and closing the deals. Preparing action plans by individuals as well as by team for effective search of business development leads and prospects. Providing input to the Department Head on effectiveness of various advertising strategies, seminar locations, brochures, videos, etc. Completing competitive analysis for the department heads review. Participating in marketing meetings regarding changing attitudes of prospects and how to best reach them. Attending trade shows and professionally representing Franchise india. Staying informed on current events relating to franchising, business, and the world through magazines, newspapers, TV, websites, and other sources of information Salary:INR Salary & Benefits will be discussed during Management round Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Promotion Manager Keyskills Marketing Sales Retail Profitability New Business strategy Marketing Strategy retail strategy retail solution Retail Sales Retail Operations show room manager showroom manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Superior organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail.Â Confidence & capability to take initiative and manage upwards.Â Willingness to maintain flexibility in job function in an ever-changing environment.Â Experience in classified website companies is an added advantage.Excellent written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills to interface with all levels of management as well as external stakeholders.Â A can-do attitude and a willingness to go the extra mile to get the job done.Â Ability to organize and manage multiple tasks.Â Ability to work under pressure to tight deadlines and co-ordinate the input of others in these circumstances Company Profile: McOxley Our client is disrupting this Retail Solutions space is to make Small and Medium Retail stores go online & to help them drive deeper customer engagement. Our product uses high-end and next generation technologies to support more than 100 million online users. Our client Company is founded and managed by successful senior executives with 36 years of collective experience. McOxley is Innovative HR Solutions Company based in Chennai and operating across India and overseas. Experts in Performance Management Software Implementation, Consulting & Process Designers. Undertaking Payroll outsourcing, HR Consulting, Resource Management Consulting McOxley Academy is Chennai's #1 Training Organization for Business Analyst & PreSales Roles for IT INdustry. Trained more than 180 people. We have so far trained more than 2.50 lakhs people across various corporate for their Softskill requirements. Please visit our websites to know more about us: www.mcoxley.com / www.mcoxley.in McOxley - enabling Business Excellence!!! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details