TITLE: Senior Analyst / Assistant Manager - KYC - BFSI

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Risk : - The role holder will ensure an acceptable standard of work, through financial crime review and sign off procedures, and will ensure that all non financial crime control procedures are in place and maintained. - They will ensure that all reports, sanctions and extension requests are submitted via the correct channels and that the relevant controls and reporting procedures are adhered to. - The principle that we will not do business we do not understand will be applied. - The role holder will take responsibility for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of all data that they encounter and will also ensure that no substantive data integrity issues are found. - They will drive consistency by ensuring policies and procedures are being applied consistently across all centres. Communication : - The role holder will be able to clearly communicate their findings and proposals to colleagues and Senior Management, especially in situations involving non adherence to policy and procedures. - They will be responsible for facilitating the sign off/agreement of solutions, in order to improve quality and propose policy changes, providing recommendations at Senior Manager. Client Service : - The role holder may be the first point of contact for new account queries and will ensure that all interaction with our internal clients is a positive experience and that expectations are managed and met at all times. - Quality measures must be met/exceeded, in order to show contribution to the end to end processing of account opening within agreed service levels and right first time new account submissions. - They will provide feedback, guidance and coaching to colleagues in order to support the client experience. People : - The role holder will take personal responsibility for supporting the team working ethos and will ensure that they have a development plan in place at all times. - They will work closely with both the onshore and offshore Client Due Diligence team to identify training gaps and will implement and maintain training and development plans on the back of this. - They will provide focused coaching when deteriorating trends are identified in Know Your Customer (KYC) management information. - They will use all opportunities to raise levels of awareness and competence of Client Due Diligence requirements. There will be an element of direct report team management. Case Load Management : - The role holder will be required to undertake pro-active workflow management, to ensure that all cases are completed according to service level agreements, without unnecessary delays, and are dealt with in priority order to achieve individual and team targets. Supervisory Responsibilities : - The role holder will be required to deputize in a supervisory position. Key Clients (Internal & External) - The role holder's key internal clients will be all International, Intermediary and Private Bank colleagues and stakeholders in both Front Office and Operations. - Their key external clients will be 3rd party vendors who are involved in the end to end account opening chain and external auditors. Skills : Experience in KYC. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes Role:CRM/Customer Service Manager Keyskills Banking Front Office Operations Team Management Senior Management Service Level Account Opening Due Diligence Client Servicing Quality Improvement Workflow Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Leading Client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details