TITLE: Program Quality Leader

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identify the initial Program Quality objectives (Warranty and specific customer quality indicators) with the Program manager, build-up the quality management plan and ensure a regular follow-up to achieve these objectives throughout the development of a program. Achieve the Quality objectives, including Safety & Regulation, Environmental such as the PPM, Scrap, including Perceived quality and cascade them to the internal and external suppliers. To guide quality development in programs until Start of Production, using the Program Management System to ensure customer satisfaction. To coordinate efforts from all internal and external suppliers Monitor the objectives achievement through a risk assessment follow up based on FMEA, Special characteristics, capabilities, Tolerance stacks, PPM, etc Coordinate, develop and coach Program Quality Engineers in the advanced quality planning requirements in programs. Have the authority to stop any process or product delivery in case of serious non conformance (customer expectations or safety and regulations issues) Serve as the interface with customers regarding program quality and ensure that any customer complaints are correctly processed by the Program Quality Engineers and program team. Review the Design Validation Plan and Production Validation Test established by Engineering and ensure its completion according to the program milestones. Ensure that the quality development in any given program is on track with the program schedule. Lead the development and production process for measurement, checking and testing fixtures and gauges. Define the control plans and Ensure that product quality is guaranteed during the program phases, before Start of Production and during any modification process. Is responsible for conformity, perceived quality and traceability of all parts delivered to the customer through the development. Assure coordination between Program Quality Engineers and Supplier Quality Engineers so that quality from supplied parts is optimized. Prepare and compile the PPA- Production Part Approval- files, and supports the Plant Quality Engineer for the submission of the initial samples, including process validation audit. Report on a monthly basis the progress of program activity (PRC). Validate prototypes with suppliers and customers. Initiate and update the Program Risk Assessment. Alert if major risk has no contingency plan. Capitalize on strategic opportunities to improve Quality and Throughput Lead the relation with Customer Program Quality. Apply PS Next, Engineering Change Management, company tools and standards. Ensure the use of the appropriate methods and quality standards (PS Next, specific Customer program development system, international regulations, etc) Develop and improve strategic suppliers utilizing appropriate improvement methodologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Plant Quality Customer Quality Production Quality Engineering Supplier Quality Fmea Quality Management Customer Complaints Product Quality Engineering Change Management Program Quality Leader Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Strong ability to communicate efficiently with all levels of management, co-workers and subordinates, have the ability to resolve conflicts and build effective teams is required. Trained in PS Next Customer relationship skills Leadership and autonomy skills Team player with strong communication skills International mind set English communication is must Bachelor's degree in Engineering Knowledge of the automotive industry Results and teamwork orientation Customer management experience Experience and success managing a functional network Knowledge of Quality tools and a project or program management system Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details