TITLE: Urgent Openings - HNI RM - Sales for Bangalore - Anand Rathi Group

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Looking for Relationship Managers role (HNI/ UHNIs) for HNI Broking/PCG Desk in Broking Segment Location: Bangalore- Regional office- HNI Broking Desk JOB ROLE & Responsibilities:-Â - Acquiring high value relationships into the Preferred Client group . - Managing Large Trader Clients/Big Ticket size Client Acquisition & service. - Managing relationship of super HNI clients, retaining & enhancing advisory relationship - Managing relationships of HNI clients, retaining & enhancing advisory relationships. - To generate revenue from existing customers mapped and from new clients. - To execute cross sell efforts as per focus of the organization at any given point in time. - To keep one self-updated on the financial markets and in advisory products / services in particular. Criteria for Recruitment:- Â Qualification ANY Graduate/PG/MBA from reputed institute or Graduate from good college. Experience Minimum 3 to 8 yrs in handling HNI relationship, Sales of BIG HNI Clients/Trader clients from BFSI or any other sector with good business / market knowledge. CTC: Rs 3 LPA to 6 LPA (no Constraint for Right Candidate) Looking for candidates from HNI Broking/PCG Desk only, having good vintage in their present as well as previous companies (Atleast minimum tenure of 2-3 yrs in previous employer) Company ProfileÂ AnandRathiÂ http://www.rathi.comÂ Anand Rathi Group is one of Indias fastest growing full service securities firm. The services offered range from Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance & Advisory, Brokerage & Distribution in the areas of equities, commodities, mutual funds and insurance. With presence at over 180 locations, the Group caters to the financial needs of well-reputed Corporate Groups, Institutions, Foreign Investors and Individuals. In order to meet our growth plans, we are looking for young, dynamic and result-oriented candidates Candidates can directly Walk-in for the Personal Interview at Given below Address- Venue :Â Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers Ltd., 4th Floor Indian Express Building, Queens Road - Bang alore. India Interview Date : FromÂ 06Â SepÂ Â toÂ 20Â Sep 2016 Time : Anytime between 10 AM to 5 PM Contact Person : Mr..Â Chidananda.M.S Â (HR Manger) Contact Number : +91 8049221222 Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Brokerage Relationship Management Sales Investment Banking Equity HNI Client Handling Corporate Finance Insurance Cross Selling Mutual Funds wealth management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: AnandRathi Anand Rathi Group is one of India's fastest growing full service securities firm. The services offered range from Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance &amp; Advisory, Brokerage &amp; Distribution in the areas of equities, commodities, mutual funds and insurance. With presence at over 180 locations, the Group caters to the financial needs of well-reputed Corporate Groups, Institutions, Foreign Investors and Individuals. In order to meet our growth plans, we are looking for young, dynamic and result-oriented candidates . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details