TITLE: Sharepoint Technical Lead / Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job purpose: SharePoint Technical Lead / Architect in the IT Advisory Services team to work on Sharepoint 2007/ 2010/2013 and Office 365 Technology based projects for our customers across the globe. Mandatory skills: - Experience programming in .NET 4, C#, ASP.NET, T-SQL. - Experience with SharePoint Designer, InfoPath, Web Parts, and workflow creation. - Experience as a SharePoint Developer in the analysis, design, hands-on development and delivery of web-based applications. - Experience using jQuery, Client Object Model, and Service Oriented Architecture. - Experience with SharePoint's application services framework including implementation, configuration. - Knowledge on different Sharepoint services like Search, Managed Metadata, and User Profile etc. - Attention to detail and commitment to high quality/error free deliverables. - Must be motivated, independent and self-sufficient. Able to receive an assigned task and see it through to completion with minimal supervision. - Real time knowledge and experience on enterprise systems application development, Preferably from Banking or Finance domain background - Should have understanding and experience of software development best practices - Excellent business communication skills Preferred skills: - Ability to write Stored Procedures, write complex SQL queries, and ability to analyze the SQL data - Microsoft MCPD 70-576, SharePoint 2010/2013 Designing and Developing Applications certification - Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, and/or SQL Server Integration Services - Experience in Insurance or Finance or banking domain. - Prior Client facing experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills ASP.Net C# Sharepoint Development SQL Server Sharepoint Designer .Net Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Company Profile: EY EY (formerly known as Ernst & Young) is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in London, UK. It is a global leader in Advisory, Assurance, Tax, Transaction and Knowledge Services. It has 231,000 employees and more than 728 offices in over 150 countries, with an array of talents, who deliver these services daily. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details