TITLE: Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : Join a dynamic team thats using Agile to develop the next generation of mobile patient monitors & cloud-based networks. You will be working on a state of the art platform that provides clinical intelligence at the point of need for caregivers. Were developing a first of its kind hospital wide solution. Be part of a team thats redefining the patient monitoring portfolio: mobile, cable less, cloud enabled. Join the Digital Industrial transformation at GE Healthcare Essential Responsibilities: Will be responsible for leading a team and drive the teams deliverables. Will contribute to the team and works with direction from the program Manager or global product management but works independently. In this role you will: Represent the face of high quality design and development practices Develop high performing, scaling and innovative end-to-end applications Collaborate with system engineers, front-end developers and software developers to implement solutions that are aligned with and extend shared platforms and solutions Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/ Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques Sprint planning & execution.. . Duties include (but are not limited to): Responsible for providing technical direction to team Responsible for solving critical challenges faced day to day of the team members Drive strong technical/programming tools and build strong technical competency within team Analyze, design and Implement the Business Requirements. Document unit test plans, Executing unit testing successfully. Deliver complex software components on schedule with quality. Perform technology/tools evaluation and software technical proof of concepts. Design and develop optimized and reliable code as per the specifications. Quality gatekeeper for the teams deliverables.. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java technologies Core Java Multi threading server architecture Database Agile Scrum Web services Linux socket program Scripting designing Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Bio medical engineering or related computer degree 8+ years of experience on designing and developing applications using Java technologies, Core Java, Multi threading, server architecture, Database, Agile/Scrum, Web services, Linux , socket program, Scripting and has participated in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Experience in working with global teams using agile practices Experience in healthcare related standards, data exchange protocols, Clinical workflows. Experience in software lifecycle, product development. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Energetic, Self-starter, Passionate, committed team player. Exposure to global quality & regulatory standards. Problem solving skills to assess design alternatives and perform tradeoffs to determine designs or functionality that best meet needs. Experience in SDLC documentation to comply with ISO and European standardsDesired Characteristics : Strong hands on experience in Datastax Cassandra, Spring XD OOAD and Design patterns (Core and J2EE) Experience in Application servers (JBOSS, TOMCAT) Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Computers, Biomedical Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details