TITLE: Operations Exec/mgr - Transportation & Crane Hire - Chennai Branch

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are inviting applications for employment, on behalf of our client, candidates for the following role. ABOUT OUR CLIENT: Our client is a reputed name in the logistics field in South India. Its mission is to provide innovative, practical and top-quality transportation & equipment hire services that improves business solutions. They are a 35 year old company with a vision to provide a comprehensive range of strategic transportation resources to help design, execute, and manage the flow of mainly heavy engineering materials and goods from point of origin to point of utility, efficiently, reliably, and economically. The company owns and operates trailers, cranes, forklifts, trucks etc. and provides end-to-end road transport solutions, including limited installation of the products delivered. On an average, about 250,000 MT of general cargo and about 30,000 MT of ODC cargo per annum are transported. It operates currently at a turnover of about Rs. 40 crores with ambitions to take advantage of the fantastic growth prospects envisaged for the years to come to double its turnover and capacity within the next 3 years. The work culture of the company is oriented towards treating employees as partners in progress, in consonance with our belief that in our business, people are the most important asset. We encourage team work, continuous learning and an environment that recognises and rewards high performance standards and integrity. Role Title: Operations Executive Reporting to: CEO Department: Operations Location: Chennai (1 nos.) Start Date: Immediate CTC: Attractive salary in good working conditions. Salary is not a constraint for a person with the right skills and experience. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: *Co-ordinating transport operations for all Work Orders received including scheduling vehicles, hiring vehicles from market by contacting suppliers, organizing loading clerks, arranging staff and ensuring proper loading, unloading etc. for successful completion of all terms of assigned work orders. *Ensuring that proper documentation processes are followed and updated into the company's system in a timely manner. *Co-ordination of processes related to accidents, replacement vehicles when needed and insurance claims. *Co-ordination of roadside maintenance processes as needed *Maintain relationships with vehicle suppliers / owners, truck drivers, mechanics etc. and keep track of market trends in vehicle & equipment hire charges *Identify prospective vehicle & equipment suppliers and fleet owners and update the company's supplier database with all relevant details in collaboration with the Fleet Co-ordinator at the company's operational headquarters. *Support the Fleet Co-ordinator with market price information, trends etc. and assist in identifying appropriate vehicle & equipment suppliers for Work Orders, when required. *Collect market information about prospective jobs from personal networks and loading clerks and inform the marketing department for attracting new business to the company. *Coordinate with customers for early loading / unloading to avoid detention of vehicles / charges. *Analyse packing lists and calculate load categories, vehicle types etc. needed to execute the job efficiently and profitably. Personality, Skills & Experience: *Personable and extrovert, good track record of managing relationships with vehicle suppliers / owners & with company personnel as well as external parties as needed. *A graduate in any discipline. *Excellent communication skills in the local language (Tamil), Hindi and English. *Should be able to hit the ground running, ideally should already have a good knowledge of the truck hiring market. *Strong MS Office skills especially Word and XL; ability to handle online packages and smartphone apps for business purposes. *Diligent with an ability to delve into detail where necessary. *Energetic and capable of hard work - this is a must have. Salary:INR Generous CTC commensurate with experience and abilities Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Transport/Distribution Manager Keyskills Operations Executive Transportation and Freight Transport documentation Timely loading & unloading Vehicle supplier co - ord truck loading categories crane hire co - ord packing list analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MANTECH Mantech-HR are recruitment consultants providing bespoke services to clients ranging from HR strategy to hiring, training and making personnel productive. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details