TITLE: Business Development Manager- B2B Sales (mumbai & Chennai)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Principal Accountabilities: 1. Meeting Month and Quarterly Sales target set by management 2. Managing Existing Corporate clients and become contact point between Modi Senator and end customer 3. Aggressively drive existing Corporate clients to maximize sales though sales best practices, 4. Working with Marketing team with new ideas and events to further extended the relationship with clients and to increase existing sales 5. Providing daily working report to management and forecast of month sales 6. Attending and participating Sales meet, exhibitions and trade shows 7. Preparing Sales presentation for management in sales meet and price quotations for clients 8. Overall knowledge of Stock, Logistics and production departments Key Result Areas: 1) Achieve weekly & monthly Enquiry targets. 2) Achieve weekly & monthly marketing and sales targets. 3) Optimize costs of marketing. 4) Daily, weekly and monthly reporting as required. Qualification: Essential Graduation. Experience range minimum 2-5 yrs in Channel Sales. Desired Working knowledge of MS Office. Good in making Interpersonal Relations Personality; Aggressive, confident, self-driven, results-oriented, positive outlook. Good coordinator among channel partners and Modi senator team Channel management knowledge Reliable and determined. Well presented and businesslike. Keen for new experience, responsibility and accountability. Additional Factors The incumbent will need to proactively seek opportunities to maximize business. Target Industries: PEN Industry (Parker / Camlin / Natraj / Montex / Cello / Reynolds/ Flair/ Luxor) Publication Industry Gifting Industry Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: Office Equipment / Automation Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills BDM First Line Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Modi Senator This company deals into writing instruments Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details