TITLE: Sr Accountant / Accountant / Finance Exectuive - Chennai

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this He/ She would managing the accounting function as a stand-alone position with independence and autonomy. Managing cash and bank books and related documentation. Dealing effectively with local vendors, manpower agency, public utilities, customs & travel agent. Should be willing to visit various clients. Assisting local management with client invoicing, receivables follow up and monthly reporting to the concerned authority. Ensuring compliance with local tax and accounting regulations. Preparing customer invoices and maintenance of accounts receivable folders. Maintaining suppliers folders. Will be responsible for making day to day accounting entries. Will be responsible for processing bills. Will be responsible for monthly accounts payable & receivable preparation. Working knowledge of all taxes. VAT, TDS, Excise, Service Tax, P&L, Balance Sheet, Monthly tax payments & Returns, Candidate will be responsible for finalization of accounts. Require to handle vendors and vendor payments. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills Accounting Service Tax TDS Taxation Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable VAT Excise Balance Sheet Returns income tax sales tax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, B.B.A - Management PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should have hands on Tally ERP 9 & MS Office.Should be able to be a self-starter and motivated.Â Should be able to work alone, with initiative and able to work with very limited supervision.Should possess basic knowledge of any accounting software& Microsoft office.Should have good communication skills.Highly organized with ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks and projects.Team player with strong communication and interpersonal skills.Candidate from near by location would be preferred.Knowledge on Quick books would be desirable. Company Profile: Assist Asia Society for Social Improvement and Sustainable Transformation (ASSIST) is an international non-government organization focused on capacity building. It seeks to promote sustainable practices to address social problems in the developing world, with focus on Asia and Africa. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details