TITLE: Java Developers -software Engineer/senior Software Engineer...

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Sir/Madam, Greetings from Aspire Systems About Us: Aspire Systems is a fast growing global technology services firm with core DNA of Product Engineering. Specific areas of expertise around Product Engineering, Application Transformation, Testing and Implementation of specialized tools. Core philosophy is Attention. Always. Our Presence is across USA, UK, India, Belgium and Middle East. Ranked five consecutive times as Best Place to work for by- Great Place to Work Institute. Visit us at www.aspiresys.com to explore more about our Company. Job Details : Java Professionals Software Engineer or Senior Software Engineer We have urgent openings for Java Professionals with 2-7 years of Experience. Skills Set : Core Java,J2ee,Spring,Hibernate. Job Location : Chennai Job Title : SSE/TL Qualification : B.Tech, ;B.E,; B.Sc, ;MBA,;MCA;MS(IT); M. Tech.; M.Sc. Comp Sci. Required Experience : 2 - 7 years Required Skills : Java with Spring and Hibernate (Mandatory) Interview Date : 29-11-2015 ( SUNDAY between 9.30 4.00) Interview Location : Aspire Systems 1/D-1,SIPCOT IT PARK, Siruseri, Chennai-603103,TamilNadu,India. Job Description : Should have hands on Experience in Java , J2ee Should have Experience in Frameworks Spring & Hibernate Ability to work with key owners and stakeholders to document requirements. Must design and develop new code and support operations, maintenance, and enhancements of existing code. Should develop conceptual and technical design. Solid understanding of all parts of Software Engineering (e.g. Requirements, Design, Implementation, Testing) and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Must be good in OOPS & OOAD Ability to learn new technologies. Hands on Experience in OOPS and Coding. Good Communication and Interpersonal Skills. Good Problem Solving Skills. If your profile matches the above requirement and interested to apply for this position, Please give us your following details: Total IT Experience : Total Relevant Experience in JAVA Springs, Hibernate, OOPS &OOAD : Current CTC : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Available Date & Time Slot : Candidates who can join us within a months time alone can apply. If the above requirement doesnt match your profile, please do refer to your friends/Colleagues who might be interested. Thanks & Regards, M. Sam Stanley + 91-44-6740 4100 Extn :(1055) Mob : +91 87545 99186 HR-Talent Acquisition Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2Ee Spring Hibernate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aspire Systems India (P) Ltd Aspire Systems is a global technology services firm serving as a trusted technology partner for our customers. We work with some of the world's most innovative enterprises and independent software vendors, helping them leverage technology and outsourcing in our specific areas of expertise. Our core philosophy of 'Attention. Always.' communicates our belief in lavishing care and attention on our customers and employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details