TITLE: Lead Engineer - Powertrain / Engine Costing (global Engines)

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be amongst the first few hires for this department and bound to grow exponentially in times to come which ensures fast track career for performers. Roles & Responsibilities:- Costing of the main Engine/ Powertrain (PT) parts Crank Shaft, Connecting Road, Cylinder Block and Head, Cam Shaft, etc. for global engines and product lines based at the client end. Support global 4 Wheeler programs for Engine/PT by arriving at the product Cost Lead Make or Buy decision on Engine / PT Parts/ Components involving detailed Process Costing for the critical Engine parts as mentioned in Point1. Providing benchmark costing for various commodities related to Engine / PT commodities like Casting, Forging and Machining Process Costing for Powertrain Provide Cost estimation support for working out estimates for clients special requirement in machines. Support in defining & implementing commodity / segment strategy for direct material mainly for Automotive Engine Components mainly relating the 5 Cs of the Engine. Collect, verify, establish and maintain databank for standard time, machine hours rate and market MHR, input material cost, process to be followed etc., related to manufacturing of various Powertrain casting and forging assemblies. Co-ordinate with design department for change in design for cost reduction and ease of machining (VAVE Activities). BOM level costing for entire new products Engine/ Powertrain with detailed analysis. Exploring alternate manufacturing process & alternate material for cost effectiveness. Work closely with global teams/ buyers at client end for alignment. Work with CFT of Designers, Engineers, Manufacturing, Sourcing, Field service and external consulting engineering teams. Support the clients Purchase/ Buyers team across the globe on developing the winning strategy on all their negotiations with suppliers on Engine / PT Program purchases. Supplier risk mitigation for the assigned commodity/segments. Define manufacturing process and activity based cost drivers Perform cost analysis based on technical solutions Performing strategic sourcing analyses (internal constraints, external risks, cost analysis and understanding of strategic levers, analysis of the supplier market). Monthly and weekly reporting of the divisions purchasing performance. Support supplier assessment and product feasibility study with suppliers prior to outsourcing products and awarding business Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Process Costing Cost Analysis Cost Estimation Cost Reduction Strategic Sourcing Manufacturing Process Machining Process Powertrain Engine Costing Machining Consulting Engine Process Cost Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Automobile, Marine, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Production/Industrial, Diploma - Engineering, Mechanical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Engineer with atleast 4 - 10 years experience is ideal for this role Atleast 3- 5 Years should be in Costing for Engine/ Powertrain related Parts like (5Cs of the Engine) Cam Shaft, Crank Shaft, Cylinder Block, Cylinder Head and Connecting Rod in particular. Additional qualification in Finance would be a definite advantage, but not a Must Strong understanding of Engine/ PT (Powertrain) Related Machining ( HMC/ VMC) Process Costing Ability to break down supplier product pricing with detailed costing analysis to support the global procurement teams for aggressive negotiations with Engine / PT Vendors. Using the Process Costing Parameters like Man Hour Rate/ Machine Hour Rate, Flexible Costs and Variable Costs be able to arrive at the Final PRODUCT COST Support through data and Analysis of costing information if Engine/PT Part Drawing and implementing the productivity plan for purchasing commodities in line with budget objectives by using all levels: o Technical and commercial productivity, o QCD workshops, o Re-sourcing, etc. Should be Proficient in vendor development process, negotiation and communication skills. Exceptionally well organized, Multi-Tasking, strong works ethics, short learning curve and desire to achieve team objectives and goals. Should be a Strategic thinking, Planning & Implementation, Listening ability, Analytical, Negotiation, Result oriented, Hard working & Self Confident, Dynamic, Honest, Devotion to Work, Flexible, Short Learning Curve Candidate should have good communication skills Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details