TITLE: HR Recruitter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Represent the Company both on- and off-campus to a prospective individuals or organizations involved in the enrollment process of Women. Plan and implement sourcing activities.Including travel to distant sites for the same purpose. Counsel prospective applicants on the admissions process and opportunities at WEDO. One-on-one admissions counseling to diverse populations is an important responsibility of this position. Admissions counseling occurs primarily by in-person appointments, phone calls and emails. Review and score application forms submitted by applicants for the purposes of making admission decisions. Coordinate and contribute to the success of various student visit programs designed to recruit targeted prospective applicants to WEDO. These programs require significant collaboration with Women enviroment. In close consultation with Managing Director for , manage ongoing strategic communications , including email, print, and other media. Assist in the development and delivery of on-campus events and programs for counseling groups and individuals. When you apply, in addition to your resume, please include a brief cover letter describing your interest in this position. Salary:INR 90,000 - 2,00,000 P.A. incentives,reimbursements,based on experience Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Talent Sourcing Lead Generation HR and Recruitment recruiter human resource and recruitment hr executive and recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Represent the Company both on- and off-campus to a prospective individuals or organizations involved in the enrollment process of Women. Plan and implement sourcing activities.Including travel to distant sites for the same purpose.Counsel prospective applicants on the admissions process and opportunities at WEDO. One-on-one admissions counseling to diverse populations is an important responsibility of this position. Admissions counseling occurs primarily by in-person appointments, phone calls and emails. Review and score application forms submitted by applicants for the purposes of making admission decisions.Coordinate and contribute to the success of various student visit programs designed to recruit targeted prospective applicants to WEDO. These programs require significant collaboration with Women enviroment.In close consultation with Managing Director for , manage ongoing strategic communications , including email, print, and other media. Assist in the development and delivery of on-campus events and programs for counseling groups and individuals.When you apply, in addition to your resume, please include a brief cover letter describing your interest in this position. Company Profile: Women Entrepreneurship Development Organisation Pvt Ltd WEDO is Women Entrepreneurship Developmental Organization under which SHE is a firm which helps in the empowerment of women. SHE is a functional technology driven referral platform which brings women together in a safe space to business and start earning. Women start earning by supporting the listed companies with quality referral using formalized referral platform. It is a platform that has a list of carefully selected companies- both product and service providers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details