TITLE: Sr. Software Engineer / Software Engineer - JAVA

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good at Core java, J2ee, with Spring, struts and hibernate good communication skills banking or payment domain knowledge Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Core Java J2ee Spring Banking Internet gateway JSP Java Servlets J2EE struts hibernate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Financial Software Systems Pvt. Ltd. Financial Software and Systems (FSS) is a global leader in payments technology and transaction processing, offering business value in the areas of electronic payments and financial transaction processing solutions & services. The company has earned the status of being a payments systems leader through a combination of established portfolio of technology solutions, state-of-the-art infrastructure and 24 years of experience in the payments domain. Headquartered in Chennai, India, FSS has established a global footprint in Australia, Canada, Europe, Middle East, Singapore and the United States of America. Employees - Powering the success of FSS FSS employs over 1,500 professionals, delivering an entire spectrum of payment systems and services that are trusted by more than 100 companies worldwide, including some of the world' largest public and private sector banks, financial institutions and payment processors. Integrated payment processing leader As one of the largest independent payments processor in India, FSS' hosted services enable over 30 banks and financial organizations to process millions of transactions every day, securely and efficiently. The company's products and services have an integrated perspective of the payments domain and help provide complete solutions to clients across the globe. The company has made significant investments in building state-of-the-art infrastructure including a Tier 3 standard Data Centre, and a strong pool of specialized resources with skill sets in the spectrum of payments. For clients, this translates into trust, commitment and stability they can count on. FSS delivers the complete spectrum of offerings through its two business divisions: FSSTechnologies- offers clients with a single-window view of solutions and services to meet all requirements within the payments framework. This covers a wide range of services, which includes systems integration, offshore development, product sustenance, project management and implementation, upgrade and migration services, product testing and certification, application testing, onsite technical support and 24/7 global helpdesk support. FSSNeT- offers hosted payment processing services across all delivery channels including ATMs, POS, Internet and Mobile with authorization by Bank Hosts, Interchanges and co-networks. The services include card management, merchant management, internet payment gateway, mobile banking & mobile payment, reconciliation & settlement, financial inclusion, a bouquet of value added services and ATM management services on a pay-per-use model including leasing ATM and site management along with a bouquet of value-added services. With large acceptance and steady initiatives in the emerging payments environment, FSS is committed to making a difference to the payments industry by setting industry benchmarks and continuing its strong growth trajectory. Please contact us for any specific information you are looking for in the payments domain, and we will get in touch with you at the earliest. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details