TITLE: Lead Recruitment - J35896

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hands on Experience in End to End recruitment process Responsible in handling all level of requirements and roles . Manpower Planning Responsible for Manpower planning, Volume hiring, forecasting, Market intelligence and headhunting for the senior positions. Requirement UnderstandingMeeting & interacting with the Business Managers to discuss various parameters and time lines and to understand the requirements and to improve the hiring processes.(Vendor Engagement, Focus on direct sourcing, Candidate Management) Sourcing the Potential candidates using various Job portals (Naukri / Monster) Existing Database, Internal reference, Professional sites, Headhunting, Consultants Management, Job Postings Mails, Walkins, and Referrals. Conducting outstation recruitment drives and handling the end to end co-ordination in terms of technical and HR interviews Processing the candidatures online and conducting preliminary screening of candidates. Interacting with the candidates to ensure the suitability and interest of the candidate for the requirement. Short-listing profiles based on parameters set by the Hiring Manager and our quality standards. Presenting candidature report by analyzing the suitability of candidate`s capabilities, interests, and negotiating the CTC. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Experience Should Be : 4 To 6 Candidate Degree Should Be : MBA Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our client is an affiliate of a Bank, a leading financial services provider.Our client provide software development services for the Company's subsidiaries.Our client is constantly focused on trends, emerging needs, new technologies, new areas of growth and more. This in turn leads to engaging people with vision and fostering an environment of excellence. Our client offers freedom to choose your career path, with the organization right behind your every effort. The organization cares for the individual's aspirations to grow in alignment with the corporate goals. The key advantage is the freedom to think and challenge existing concepts and offer new ways of development. With the finest talent, world class infrastructure and coveted heritage, Our client is one of the great organizations to work at. Our client believes completely in its associates and their strengths. At our client , the associates' abilities, skills and strengths are recognized and further honed to take up new challenges and the weaknesses are worked upon to make them more efficient. Each day is a new learning experience at our client . You get to work on the cutting-edge technologies at the same time keeping yourself abreast with the changes and happenings in the financial world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details