TITLE: Opportunity for Support Integration Developer(java)-night Shift

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â POSITION SUMMARY The Senior Software Engineer will be responsible for analyzing client requirements, developing application integration programs/utilities and providing expertise to the implementation department. This person will design and develop interfaces between client systems (ERPs, AR, AP, etc.) and Datacert applications. They will also develop tactical technical direction in terms of customer application designs.Â They will architect solutions that will be applicable to customers across PSG and Datacert applications, as well as developing, implementing and enforcing policies and best practices amongst the PSG technical group. They will help the project team debug complex technical issues and help remove the roadblocks for the development and deployment teams. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Essential Functions: Analyze current practices, policies and solutions to present or determine best courses of actions in terms of solving ever-evolving customer needs. Provide customer solutions at an architectural system level, as well as a functional level.Â Assist in development, implementation and enforcement of best practices for software development, product deployment, and departmental technical guidance. Produce technical specifications and documents that meet a customers needs, by focusing on what business requirements need to be achieved and satisfied. Produce integration specifications documents that satisfy integration requirements between Datacert application and customer ERPs. Produce code that meets the customers needs, by focusing on testing, re-factoring, unit tests, and internal communication Follow and contribute to the guidelines set forth by the software development team, as well as the practices set forth by PSG Management. Communicate openly and often with appropriate Datacert and US personnel to understand needs, concerns and assist in making accurate scheduling decisions Provide timely status on work in progress to implementation department Provide accurate estimates for proposed work and recommend potential alternatives when appropriate Mentor and assist other developers with meeting client needs and other projects Additional Responsibilities: Work and understand the product capabilities really well enough to make the right decisions around design, configuration and implementation. Keep up with the latest technologies and trends and assist with recommendations on innovative solutions where needed. Be a part of the design review and raise appropriate questions with internal and US teams to ensure the functionality is feasible and coded to design. Participate and assist in the testing of the functionality. Travel to and from customer sites in the pursuit of gathering business and/or technical requirements Other work not specified in this job description but required by PSG Management. REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS Education, Licenses, and Certifications: Bachelors degree required, preferably in Computer Science , MIS, Engineering or related field Masters Degree in Computer Applications is preferable but not required. Experience: Minimum ofÂ 5-8Â years development experience with Java Minimum 1Â year client facing support or consulting role is preferred but not a requirement Experience with at least one of: SQL Server, Oracle, Sybase Critical Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Requirements: Strong verbal, written, and presentation communications skills (within the team and with internal and external customers) Experience developing to changing requirements Successful experience working as part of a team Capacity to be creative, innovative, results-focused, self-starter with a demonstrated ability to learn quickly Ability to handle competing priorities with proven problem solving skills and ability to think creatively under pressure Experience with implementing/integrating an ERP: SAP, PeopleSoft, Oracle a plus Effective Time management skills a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java core java sql Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions Private Limited ELM Solutions, a Wolters Kluwer business, was formed in 2014 by combining the operations of Datacert and TyMetrix, the two Enterprise Legal Management industry leaders. We started as early pioneers in legal e-billing and, over more than two decades, have continued to drive the evolution of the legal technology market as our clients' needs have evolved and grown. The one constant is that we have maintained a focus on investing heavily in our products and services to ensure that we always offer the leading and most innovative solutions in the market. *175+ years of history stretch across many geographies and areas of expertise *Four verticals; five operating divisions to enable legal, tax, finance, and healthcare professionals to be more effective and efficient *"When You Have to Get it Right" *Provide information, software, and services that deliver vital insights, intelligent tools, and the guidance of subject-matter experts *Our revenue is spread globally, with 7% coming from emerging markets (BRIC), 39% from Europe, and 54% from North America. *Operations: Over 40 countries across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Latin America *Employees: Approximately 19,000 worldwide *Headquarters: Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands This investment drove the development of PassportÃ‚Â®, our patented technology platform. Passport is the most advanced and modern technology platform in the industry. Passport provides the extensibility and flexibility to rapidly deliver exciting new software solutions and to enable our clients to design and build custom technology ecosystems to support their unique needs. The release of Passport in 2010 marked the establishment of a new market, Enterprise Legal Management, a term coined by ELM Solutions and adopted across the industry and by analysts. Our commitment to innovation also drove the development of TyMetrixÃ‚Â® 360Ã‚Â°, the leading SaaS-based ELM solution, as well as the establishment of LegalVIEWÃ‚Â®, the world's largest data warehouse of legal performance data. Leveraging the over $64B-worth of legal invoice benchmarking data in LegalVIEW, we deliver legal analytics solutions and services that give legal professionals unprecedented business insights. Today, ELM Solutions is the global market leader in transformational, technology-based solutions for the legal industry ecosystem, delivering total solutions to address the intricate complexities facing corporate legal departments, law firms, claims departments, and risk and compliance organizations. We have a global workforce of over 500 people, customers in over 190 countries, and have completed more than 700 implementations of our software. ELM Solutions combines our deep domain experience and expertise, our advanced technology platform, our extensive global network, and the resources of Wolters Kluwer - our parent organization and a market-leading global information services company - to bring unmatched innovation and insight to our customers. This enables us to deliver solutions that empower our customers to make better business decisions, mitigate risk more effectively, work more collaboratively, and ultimately, deliver greater value to their clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details