TITLE: Project Team Member - Starter Motors

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Deliverables: Apply the CIP / handbook. In charge of the robust design in line with the economic targets. Applies Standardization rules, exceptionally will request de-standardizations based on sound justifications. Call for all necessary design reviews. Make sure that Design Reviews of other networks are happening in a timely manner (Purchase, Industrial). Represent the R&D function at the customer based on the requirement. Interface with the customer for the R&D subjects of this project, break down and cascade internally customer requests and needs. Report and escalate to his project manager or R&D manager as needed. Detailed scheduling and budgeting: Contribute to the identification of the needs in terms of resources, equipments, investments required for R&D. Establish detail break down of the activities to meet the milestones. Follow activities and spending of his scope to meet his allowed budget. Management of the contributors: Daily management of all R&D contributors, dedicated or not. Assign to them the work packages needed and check the completeness of the deliverables. Regular review with the Materials Department Manager to check alignment between needs and availability. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:Product Development Executive Keyskills Materials Budget Management Project Management Project Team Member Project Execution Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1. Diploma/BE with 10-15 years of experience is required.2. Extensive experience in working with Starter Motors.3. Project Team Member is accountable for the deliverables of his network due to ensure the success of the project.4. He / She is responsible for the detailed scheduling and budgeting of his scope.5. Project Team Members are empowered by their functions to manage their respective Contributors.6. Candidate should into development but not into core design.7. Should have very good skills in man-management.8. Should have Leadership Competencies such as--Planning,-Organizing,-Strategic Vision,-Interpersonal relations,-Interpersonal skills,-Communication skills. Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details