TITLE: SABA Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Pathfinder is looking for suitable candidates an urgent requirement SABA Developer with one of our leading client in IT based at Chennai. Role: SABA Developer Experience: 1Yrs to 3 Yrs Location: Chennai Job Description: Primary Skill: SABA Additional Skills: Role Description: Design, develop, and configure software systems to meet market and/or client requirements either end-to-end from analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance (including testing), to delivery and maintenance of the software product or system or for a specific phase of the lifecycle. Apply knowledge of technologies, applications, methodologies, processes and tools to support a client, project or entity. Job Description Additional Comments : " Role: SABA Functional Analyst Years of Experience : 2-3 years Skill details: SABA Must to have: SABA Functional knowledge with Java/J2EE Good to have : Communication Skills, Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2EE SAVA Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pathfinder Management Consulting (India) Ltd. About Us Brief History Established in 1995, Pathfinder is striving to create a niche for itself by providing quality services to its customers. It provides total Management Solutions in the field of Human Resources. Pathfinder is recognized for Staffing and Manning services and is also in corporate training program. It is tier 1 consultant for few MNC&amp;rsquo;s which are leading and reputed organizations. In short span of its operations Pathfinder has been able to retain all the customers it has been working for and have been complimented by all for its efforts, quality and deliverables. No wonder all the success and customer centric. Pathfinder Consulting aspired to provide itinerary in Entire gamut of HR i.e., Recruitment Services, Contractual Staffing, Training, HR Consulting. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details