TITLE: Development Consultant(telecom Billing)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role In a team or independently codes or configures software according to functional specifications. Unit tests and debugs thoroughly. Participates in code reviews, design reviews, or other forms of team quality procedures. Contributes to functional specification and detailed design documents. Communicates with clients to obtain straightforward information or answer simple inquiries.Â May make simple design decisions, work delegation, and assign tickets to other team members. Resolves assigned trouble tickets. Regularly consult the senior members of the team and architects on issues. Assists in Release Management, Configuration Management, Build Management, Stream Management and Ticket Management as required. Mentors less experienced staff and consults with peers. Supports System Testing, Solution Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing and provides timely resolutions to problems encountered. Operates as a full working member of the team, participating in reaching consensus and providing some guidance to junior level members. Adheres to companys software development standards and procedures. Skills Ability to optimize algorithms, develop and review code, debug and performance tune code, and document. Works well within a team environment. Skilled at interpreting client requirements. Knowledge of Software Development life Cycle. Experience working in a product implementation project. Should have handled delivery package creation, and release note documentation. Developed communication skills to understand and clarify moderately complex instructions. Developed skills to complete low level designs/high level designs. Technical Skill Candidates with Telecom Billing experience. Develop skills to complete low level designs from high level designs. Programming skills: experience working in any one of the languages such as: like EPM, C, C++, JAVA, etc. Perl experience will be an added advantage. Database skill: Oracle with working knowledge of SQL. OS: Unix or Linux. Tuxedo will be an added advantage. Other IT experience: 1 - 5 years Telecom Billing experience: 1+ years Education: BE/BTECH/MCA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills singleview Singl.eview Single view singleview and intec single e view Telecom Billing Kenan Geneva Billing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CSG International CSG International is the 2nd largest business support solutions (BSS) provider, CSG International provides solutions to a global client base. Join an elite team of IT professionals who are driven for success in finding innovative solutions for our company and clients. We respond to the complexity of a dynamic, convergent world with a flexible set of needs-based solutions, innovative new technologies and forward thinking that helps our clients solve business problems and identify new opportunities and revenue streams. Key Facts: Listed on NASDAQ: CSGS Year 2012 - Total Revenue $ 756.9 million 2nd largest BSS provider serving the worldwide communications industry More than 3,500 employees in 24 countries #1 in wholesale billing and mediation worldwide Ranked #1 in North American cable billing market 400+ clients in 24 countries Solutions support more than 48 million broadband subscribers in North America CSG sends more than 300 million interactive messages on behalf of our clients annually CSG handles more than 167 million transactions per day, or more than 4 billion per month, on behalf of our North American clients CSG's solutions touch more than half of all U.S. households For more information, visit our website at www.csgi.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details