TITLE: Director / Senior Director - Delivery

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The Global Delivery Director is responsible for managing all aspects of project delivery across the global delivery centres of iMEDGlobal and serves as an escalation point for local Resource Managers or Service delivery managers. This role is the primary point of accountability for service delivery performance including SLA attainment, continuous improvement and contract management. You will own P&L responsibility, billing, and all service delivery/customer satisfaction for our global program. As a member of the Account Leadership Team, this role is a key contributor to account level business strategy and is an evangelist for Atos services across the globe. SLA Compliance Assist the Transition team in establishing SLAs within the framework of the contract. SLA compliance and excellence in execution of services. Execute and deliver against the Statement of Work. New Scope Opportunity Management / Growth in Existing Engagements Identify new areas of potential revenue to grow the global program. Actively contribute to the development and execution of the Strategic Account Plan. Actively participate in the qualification and prioritization of opportunities. Manage the creation, review and presentation of proposals. Business Management P&L management to optimize margin and costs. Lead Quarterly Business Reviews with client and internal senior management. Ensure a true global model in place through collaboration with regions around the globe to adapt best practices and consistent approach throughout customers business. Management of continuous improvement plans to optimize margin and minimize variable expenses. Identify customer pain points and work to mitigate in a quick, concise manner. Partner with internal finance teams. Ensure compliance with appropriate contract Change Management practices. General Operations Management Maintain daily operation for customer and internal management. Point of contact for all Operations Managers globally. Responsible for team adherence to all Atos and applicable client practices. Responsible for financial tracking of all aspects of the engagement to ensure profitability. Responsible for change management for the contract and the Statement(s) of Work. Ensuring that the client is a positive reference. Salary:INR 35,00,000 - 40,00,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Pharmacist/Chemist/Bio Chemist Keyskills Delivery Head Pharmacovigilance Director Senior Director Drug safety Delivery Lead Global Lead Desired Candidate Profile 15-20 years of people management experience in service delivery environment in life science/Healthcare or KPO industry. MD/MBBS or BDS or PhD in Lifesciences. Demonstrated leadership in customer facing senior management roles.Background in service delivery within a global matrix environment.Track record of successfully managing both projects and day-to-day operations.Strong experience managing, leading, and developing a global, customer-focused team.Strong problem solving, time management, project management and organizational skills.Able to establish critical customer relationships and all levels of client organization.Outstanding verbal and written communication skills, with experience presenting to senior executives.This position requires a positive attitude, open mind and a creative approach to problem solving.ITIL, PMP and/or Lean Six Sigma Certification a plus.Able to travel domestically and internationally up to 20%. Education- UG: MBBS - Medicine, BDS - Dentistry PG:Medical-MS/MD - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D Company Profile: iMEDGlobal iMEDGlobal is an innovation driven company providing platforms, services and solutions to global life sciences clients addressing their critical business and scientific needs. Our platforms, services and solutions include Pharmacovigilance, Regulatory Affairs and Clinical Research. iMEDGlobal's corporate office is based out of Princeton, NJ and has offices in Philippines & India. Led by a strong management team, with decades of experience and thought leadership with leading pharmaceutical, biotech, medical devices, consumer healthcare and technology enterprises, iMEDGlobal is designed to deliver high quality and cost effective solutions and services for our clients in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details