TITLE: Senior Technical Writer - Networking/xml

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this FORCE 10 is Networking R&D department of Dell, so for this REQ the person should be Exceptionally good in Networking. - Must have at least 6+ Technical writer experience. - English communication should very good both writen & Verbal. - Strong XML experience at least 3+ hands on experience. Job Description: The desired candidate has technical writing experience and is able to write about both networking hardware and software. Should have experience creating installation guides, configuration guides, and technical reference guides for networking. Scope of work needs to be performed by service provider - Create and maintain high quality, highly usable customer information products - Analyze engineering documents and translate that into product documentation - Accommodate frequent engineering changes - Uphold organization's standard and style guides, and templates - Install, configure and use networking equipment for purposes of verifying information Requirements for Provider's Personnel, Agents or Subcontractors / Assumptions: Services listed below are representative of the tasks and/or deliverables to be performed by Provider. The deliverables will include the tasks described below and/or as assigned by Dell. - Must have 5+ as technical writer - MUST have experience writing about Networking - Strong attention to detail - Strong knowledge of networking concepts - Comfortable using Microsoft Office applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) - Must have experience working in XML; knowledge of Arbortext and SDL experience a plus. - Possess excellent communication skills Milestones and Deliverables: Will be responsible for delivering the following documents for every release: Milestones: Drafts need to be delivered during the first review, second review, and final approval. Release Notes need to be updated during final week of the release. - Getting Started Guide/Placemat - Installation Guide/Setup Guide - Configuration Guide - Command Line Reference Guide - Release Notes Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills Technical Writing Technical Writer Networking XML Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, B.Sc - Computers, BCA - Computers, Diploma - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, M.Sc - Computers, MCA - Computers, PG Diploma - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Avvas infotech Avvas Infotech is a pioneering IT consultancy Services Company offering countless offshore services to a range of businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details