TITLE: Urgent Opening for Relationship Manager Bancassurance - IDBI

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co Ltd. Post : Relationship Manager (Bancassurance Channel) Location : Mangalore, Bangalore & Chennai Job Description : Relationship Manager (Bancassurance Channel 1.Sales: Accept leads generated from in-branch lead generators as well as warm leads provided by the bank from the database as well as generate own leads. Make appointments, explore the customers financial needs in life-related investment and insurance needs areas, select appropriate product to meet these needs from the companys product range, gain customer agreement to purchase, accurately complete sales documentation. 2. Incentive programs: Cascade the incentive programs & ensure complete success in implementation of the same. Sales completion process: Responsible for sales completion by facilitating completion of medical reports & ensuring prompt issue of policy document, New markets/segments: Explore opportunities to develop new markets/ segments in line with company sales strategy from time to time. 3. Cross Sell/ Up-Sell: Build a good customer base in order to explore opportunities to cross-sell & up-sell, Obtain referral to further prospects where appropriate. 4. Relationship Building:Build long term relationship with the bank staff & clients by responding appropriately to all bank/client queries either directly received or forwarded by the service company. Know all the branch managers, relationship managers & employees of all assigned branches on a personal level. 5. Customer Relationship Management: Arrange meetings of banks branch managers & staff with existing clients at least once a year, acknowledging birthdays & anniversaries to review their financial circumstances & life insurance needs as well as to obtain referrals to further prospects. 6. After Sales Service: Accept & follow up on suggestions, request & complaints received from clients, ensure claim requests are serviced 7. Performance review: Proactively ensure performance review by submitting various sales reports as per agreed frequencies in order to ensure performance targets are achieved & exceeded, ensure meetings with manager to agree on targets & to review performance. Use these forums to discuss issues of business development. 8. Training & Development: Participate in relevant training arranged by the company, take initiative to keep abreast of developments in products & services, company policies, procedures, sales process & organization. Keep up to date with market developments by reading newspapers, journals & through personal contacts. Deliver the snap modules at bank branch level as formulated by the training team 9. Supporting colleagues & bank sales team: Support other Relationship Managers and the bank sales team where requested by the sales manager by coaching them in company knowledge, products, services & selling skills, accompanying them on client visits & modeling relevant behavior. Interested Candidates can send their application On: email id hrsourcing8@idbifederal.com or call at. 7845721841 Thanks and Regards, Nethaji V - HR Mobile No.: 7845721841 HO - IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co Ltd, Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills relationship manager banca life insurance Direct sales bancassurance wealth manager sales manager agency manager manager sales officer corporate sales business development manager unit manager advisor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co. Ltd. IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co Ltd is a joint-venture of IDBI Bank, India's premier development and commercial bank, Federal Bank, one of India's leading private sector banks and Ageas, a multinational insurance giant based out of Europe. In this venture, IDBI Bank owns 48% equity while Federal Bank and Ageas own 26% equity each. . Having started in March 2008, in just five months of inception, IDBI Federal became one of the fastest growing new insurance companies to garner Rs 100 Cr in premiums. Through a continuous process of innovation in product and service delivery IDBI Federal aims to deliver world-class wealth management, protection and retirement solutions that provide value and convenience to the Indian customer. The company offers its services through a vast nationwide network of 2,186 partner bank branches of IDBI Bank and Federal Bank in addition to a sizeable network of advisors and partners. As on 31st March 2013, the company has issued over 4.99 lakh policies with a sum assured of over Rs. 28,580 Cr. IDBI Federal today is recognized as a customer-centric brand, with an array of awards to their credit. They have been awarded the PMAA Awards (2009) for best Dealer/Sales force Activity, EFFIE Award (2011) for effective advertising, and conferred with the status of 'Master Brand 2012-13' by the CMO Council USA and CMO Asia. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details