TITLE: Walkin Interview for Anesthesia Medical Coders( 20 Openings )

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Ecare India Pvt Ltd!!!!! We are looking for ANESTHESIA Medical Coders to works in Ecare India Chennai Location. Total no. of Vacancy : 20 Positions No Contractual Agreements or No document Submissions Designation : Executive / Senior Executive - Medical Coding Job Responsibilities: - Min of 1 to 5 years into Coding experience is required. - Exposure in ANESTHESIA / PAIN MANAGEMENT / ASA CODING is must. - CPC or Non CPC candidates can apply - HCC Coders are not eligible - Understand the client requirements and specifications of the project - Ensure that deliverable to the client adhere to the quality standards. - Young and energetic candidate. Candidates from different location can also apply. We can also arrange telephonic interview for outstation candidates. Location: ChennaiÂ Give a gift to your friend by referring to this job opportunity. Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Medical Coding aneasthisia anesthisia pain management asa coding pain project and manager asa medical coding asa healthcare coding asa coder anesthesia Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ecare India Pvt Ltd. e-care India, one of the leading medical billing companies in India was started in early 2000 by a team of dedicated experts in the medical billing industry. About a decade and a half later, e-care has grown to be one among the global leaders in providing quality medical billing services to medical practices and medical billing companies in the United States and other parts of the world. We are now a growing talented pool of 1000+ medical billing experts and our operations in India are well-equipped to handle the rapid changes in the US healthcare landscape including the recent technological advancements. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details