TITLE: Regional Corporate Sales & Placements Manager - Education Industry

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strategic: 1. The regional role for their particular state will assist the company in expanding operations in 10 states in the next 2 years. 2. Design, develop, modify and refine a sales process to manage the sales across the state with the help of Sales vertical head will deliver on key expansion across the country Tactical: 1. Selling iSTAR's training and technology products across the following sectors: - Corporate Sales & Placements 2. Designing and managing an efficient sales process for monitoring sales leads, sales performance on a day to day basis. 3. Design and implement marketing and product strategies by analyzing trends and results. 4. Deliver on sales targets such as sales quotas for regions and territories 5. Plan, forecast and implement the sales volume and profit for existing and new products 6. Develop field sales action plans and implement. 7. Monitor and develop pricing strategies through an analysis of costs, competition, and supply and demand. 8. Design Regional sales operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. 9. Work closely with the top tier managements team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Business Development Educational Selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Should have experience in dealing with Education or training Institutional Sales to corporate'sHaving immense network with colleges and universities across the country Strategic thinking and working with a broad portfolio is requiredCandidates should have a current Salary Band of above 5 to 6 Lakhs per annum Company Profile: iSTAR Skill Development Private Limited iStar is a funded Start-up which is innovation driven and keen on making a change in education. iSTAR has been recognized by The Economic Times as one of the top 5 most innovative companies through the Power of Ideas contest In 2010. iSTAR is one of India's leading skill development organisations involved in providing training and placement services to students across diverse educational backgrounds and criteria. iSTAR is founded by alumni from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, who are attempting to bring in contemporary and modern pedagogic techniques to the teaching and learning experience. iSTAR's partner organisations include India's apex skill development government body, the National Skill Development Corporation ('NSDC'), IIM Ahmedabad through its incubation arm, the Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship ('CIIE, IIMA'), the Seattle and Bangalore based Venture Fund and the Unitus Fund. iSTAR has trained over 40,000 students in diverse disciplines and works with colleges, corporate and the government in providing skill development services. Currently iSTAR is present pan India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details