TITLE: Hiirng for Java Developer for Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings !!!! Myself Indu from Datamatics, Bangalore. Job Location Bangalore Experience Level 4-6 yrs Notice Period Immediate to 15 Days Interview Date Week days Requirement / Job Description: REQUIRED SKILLS: Requirements: Experience - 4-6 years Language / Scripting - Core Java, JSP, Javascripts CSS, HTML5 Frameworks - jquery, bootstrap, JUnit, OSGi Build technologies - Maven, Ant Tools - Docker, Cloud Foundry, Knowledge about any App Server e.g. Tomcat, WAS (Liberty Server),jboss is essential (1) Name(With Full Form of all Initials in your name): (2) This position is a permanent Position with Datamatics and you will be working on the payroll of Datamatics for our client (yes/No): (3) Current Location : (4) Are you ready for relocation to(yes/No): yes .If yes which are your 3 preferred locations: (5) Are you working as a permanent employee or a contractor: (6) Notice period : (7) Is Notice period Negotiable (yes/No): (8) Current CTC: (9) Expected CTC : (10) Total years of experience: (11) Relevant Years of experience : (12) Availability for F2F Interview on week days: (13) Date Of Birth: (14) Passport (yes/No) : (15) Pancard Number : About Us (Datamatics): Datamatics is a global provider of Consulting, Information Technology (IT) and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services. The company is focused on delivering value through integrated solutions for data intensive business processes that help enterprises across the world overcome their business challenges. These solutions leverage innovations in technology, knowledge of business processes, and domain expertise to provide clients a competitive edge. As a strategic partner, Datamatics helps its clients transform into a truly digital, data-driven enterprise and empowers them to take advantage of the digital revolution to innovate, differentiate and grow. Leveraging cutting-edge technology, Datamatics solutions radically improve performance and reach of client enterprises; delivering accelerated time-to-market for new products and services, enhanced customer responsiveness, maximized productivity and efficiency in business processes, and lower total cost of ownership. Datamatics is a trusted partner to several Fortune 500 Companies globally for managing their end-to-end Application Life Cycle and Business Critical Processes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Tomcat JUnit Maven JBoss Ant Core Java JSP CSS JQuery Information Technology App Server WAS AppServer Docker Cloud Foundry Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Datamatics Software Services Ltd. CMMI Level 5 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details