TITLE: Associate Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Scheduling and forecasting the headcount /Process Adherence / Compliance ,Customer Orientation (1.) Accuracy & Timely delivery of schedules. Client / Customer Interaction (as and when required) (2.) Create staffing plans and shift patterns for interval wise headcount commitment (3.) Preparation & Analysis on AHT, Calls and schedule adherence reports. (4.) Scheduling & forecasting using Blue Pumpkin. (Workforce optimization tool) (5.) The individual should demonstrate capability of delighting ones customers by focusing on their needs and ensuring that the customer perspective is the driving force behind all value-added business activities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Optimization Linear lead java Jquery SLA SQL tech Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details