TITLE: GM ( Marketing ) - Long & Flat ( Steel Product )

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To Lead the Sales & Marketing division by implementing strategies, systems and processes that help the organization meet its goals & objectives. Responsibilities Heading Marketing & Business Development for Long & Flat Steel Â Products of the Company in Domestic & International market will be accountable for setting the vision and priorities of the sales & marketing. Designing and implementing the marketing strategy for Advertising, media planning, promotions, Revenue Maximization, Brand/ Communication/ Research, Market penetration & increase in market share. Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and achieving profitability and increased sales growth. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with major corporate accounts, ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Willing to take profit centre responsibility and developing good customers and supplier relationships. Managing profit centre operations with a view to achieve business (sales volume & market share) objectives, and ensure top line and bottom line profitability. Explore and develop new market segments so that the budgeted volumes are met. Identifying target markets and formulating market communication and brand promotion strategies. Conceptualizing and implementing strategies based on market requirements and competitor's activities, gaining business share and market credibility. Handling customer enquiries and preparing quotes in response. Commercial settlement of claim pertaining to Quality, shortages and related matters. Developing and implement relationship strategies for current and prospective customers. Monitor overall sales performance with respect to quantity, price and payment terms. Follow-up for outstanding collections, as per the receivables target for the department. Key Result Areas: Forecasting periodic sales targets & driving sales initiatives to achieve business goals & managing frontline sales team to achieve them. Developing & executing effective marketing plans within the budget to assure achievement of agreed-to volume, market share and profit objectives. Overseeing the entire gamut of operations entailing export & imports of steel & related raw materials. Conducting competitor analysis and conducting market research by keeping abreast of market trends & competitor moves to achieve market share metrics. Initiating & developing relationships with key decision makers in target organizations for business development. Evolving market segmentation and segmentation strategies to achieve desired targets. Formulating and implementing sales promotion plans to generate increased sales for achievement of revenue targets. Desired Profile: The incumbent should be a B.E./B.Tech + MBA in Marketing from a reputed institute. 18+ years experience in sales and marketing of the steel products, preferably HBI Must be working on leadership position since last 5 years. Pragmatic, with proven managerial acumen and abilities to withstand work pressures. Demonstrated understanding and application of Marketing Processes Should be a good team Player and possess excellent communication skills. Desired Strengths Excellent communication, negotiation & presentation skills. Energetic, motivated smart, aggressive & self - starter. Analytical skills, Problem solving attitude. Logical, Strong analysis and decision making. Computer Skilled Computer usage for Performance monitoring: Developed periodical performance monitoring system through SAP/ERP/ Oracle with extensive use of computers at all levels. Quality Management Systems Implementation of ISO-10006, ISO- 50001, ISO- 9000, ISO- 9001, ISO- 2008, EMS 14001, OHAS -18001 systems. TPM, WCM, Six sigma, Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Iron and Steel Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills Product Management Sales & Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical, Metallurgy PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: D-Tech Management Resource (India) Pvt. Ltd. We Are Pleased To Introduce Ourselves As Management Consultants Dealing In Various Functional Area Of Management Including Recruitment Services, Specialized In Steel / Mining / Power & Infrastructures. D-Tech. is one of the India's leading HR Consulting Firms, We are serving across the Globe including Clients in India & Overseas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details