TITLE: Manual Testing Professionals Are Invited @ Aspire Systems

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings From Aspire Systems! Manual Testing Professionals Are Invited. We are conducting an Interview Drive for Manual Testing SE professionals which is planned to happen on 5th Dec 2015 Saturday. Details below. Position: Software Engineer Manual Testing Interview Date: 5th Dec 2015 Saturday Job Location: Chennai Notice Period: Should be able to join us within 10 to 20 Days Required Skill Set: 2 - 3 years of good knowledge and experience in Software Testing & Quality Assurance Analyze, review product specifications and requirements with Product Management team to establish testing requirements for product. Designing, implementing, executing and debugging manual test cases and automation test scripts Involve in all aspects of testing, including functional, regression, system testing and test automation Reporting test results, testing metrics and status reports on regular basis to QA Manager Proficient in Software Development Life Cycle and methodologies Knowledge on the DB Testing Knowledge of Agile SCUM development processes Possess good communication and interpersonal skills Possess good analytical and problem solving skills If the above mentioned requirement matches your profile please apply to this job posting on or before 4th Dec 2015. We will send you a mail or give you a call to all the applicants to schedule your interviews and share the venue details. Please keep checking your mails after 5:30 PM till 4th Dec 2015. Your profiles are invited till 4th Dec 2015 Friday. Regards, Punitha Nagarajan HR Team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Manual Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aspire Systems India (P) Ltd Aspire Systems is a global technology services firm serving as a trusted technology partner for our customers. We work with some of the world's most innovative enterprises and independent software vendors, helping them leverage technology and outsourcing in our specific areas of expertise. Our core philosophy of 'Attention. Always.' communicates our belief in lavishing care and attention on our customers and employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details