TITLE: India - Head Quality

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This position will manage the complete Quality Assurance function covering multiple plant locations. This position requires a very strong knowledge of Automotive sheet metal manufacturing process . Main Responsibility for this position is to create and deploy World Class Quality systems and processes including but not limited to the following: 1. Deploy Quality Control processes through QC personnel in multiple plant locations. QC functions will report to respective country General Manager. 2. Lead the Quality Function, being responsible for Supplier Quality, Manufacturing Quality and Product Quality, as well as Quality Management Systems for Sheetmetal / Exhaust division. 3. Quality Management system for Exhaust manufacturing including APQP, DFMEA, PFMEA, Quality circles, Use of QC tools, Kaizen management, Management of the Big Q, in the following areas: Quality Assurance systems in manufacturing. Supplier Quality Management including Supplier Technical Support for Quality improvement. Management of labs and testing facilities as per the QMS and accreditation to NABL and other agencies. Quality systems in NPD with various gates and controls. Accreditation to internal and external certification agencies. Management of Business Excellence Systems. Quality Audits internal and external. Process audits, System audits etc. Management of resolution of Customer complaints, Warranties and Customer relationship management etc. Management of data pertaining to Quality and improvement in RFT (Right First Time, Self certification etc ) with high focus on High Impact High Risk parts and graded focus on Medium Impact Medium Risk parts. Daily Work Management system in all functions and levels from QMS perspective with required visualization. Manage Engineering changes that are required in the system driven by internal and external agencies. 4. Track the Corrective actions in G8D & relate the same with Key Process Output variables that would predict Internal & External Customer Satisfaction of the Process / Product. 5. Must have proven track record of handling Plant Quality Functions (Serial Production), Program quality, Purchasing and Customer Quality Management. 6. Give system guideline for doing effective daily/ weekly Process Audits for the Key process variables at Manufacturing. 7. Cost deployment in all areas and constant endeavour to meet cost targets. Management of Cost of Quality and continuous reduction towards best in class benchmark values. 8. High level Customer facing activities including but not limited to communication, resolution of complaints, feedback management etc. 9. Manpower planning, PMS , career development, succession planning at all levels with the support of HR function. 10. Support BU head and Top management in Strategic and Operational reviews for performance monitoring and improvements. 11. Continuous improvement and development of World Class Quality management practices in all process and practices. 12. Proactively and structurally support all cross functional teams and heads (Finance, HR, NPD, BD, Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering etc. ) In various projects and initiatives. 13. Manage the training of personnel at all levels in the QMS and other aspects to assure World Class Quality as per laid down road map. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Quality Assurance/Quality Control Keyskills Customer quality Customer complaints inprocess quality supplier quality quality head GM Quality DGM Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Full time BE/ B.Tech with 10-16 years of experience in Auto Industry. Tamil Language is must for this role. Less than 10 years of experience & Less than 10 Lacs of CTC - Please Don't Apply. Experience as Lead assessor, Management Representative for International Quality certification. Experience in obtaining OEM quality certifications like Ford Q1, Hyundai 5 STAR, etc. Should have exposure in handling multiple plants. Should be able to work towards continuous improvement and development of World Class Quality management practices in all process and practices Knowledge of Sheet Metal quality perspective is highly required. Six Sigma Black Belt preferred. Ability to manage and influence without authority in a matrix organization. Strong Experience with QMS (ISO/TS) and Six Sigma, Lean, Kaizen, Quality circles. Should be well versed with TS 16949:2009 Experience in manufacturing/quality assurance of automotive sheet metal components with good understanding of casting, forging. Strong experience in handling customer complaints and warranty related problems is needed. Should be able to guide the quality team of the plant, in all their activities. Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details