TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for day to day operations, managing the duties of the reporting staff, helping and creating estimates for the damage rectification works in co-ordination with the Field Supervisor. Responsibility is ensuring organizational effectiveness by providing leadership for the organizations business and operations functions. Responsible for development and implementation of organizational strategies, policies and practices. Duties and responsibilities 1. Coordination and Supervision - Coordinate, manage and monitor the workings of various projects in the region assigned. 2. Financial - Review business performance and improve the revenue. Utilize financial data to improve efficiency. Prepare and control operational budgets. Control inventory. 3. Best Practices - Improve processes and policies in support of organizational goals. Formulate and implement departmental and organizational policies and procedures to maximize output. Monitor adherence to rules, regulations and procedures. 4. Human Resources Plan the use of human resources. Assist in recruitment and placement of required staff; establishment of organizational structure; delegation of tasks and accountabilities. Establish work schedules. Supervise staff. Monitor and evaluate performance. 5. Communication - Monitor, manage and improve the communication with the client. Timely reporting compliances to all the stakeholders. 6. Strategic Input - Liaison with BU Head. Assist in the development of strategic plans for operational activity. Implement and manage operational plans. Skills Required:- 1. Demonstrated leadership ability. 2. Knowledge of government contract management and knowledge and experience in organizational effectiveness and operations management implementing best practices. 3. Excellent computer skills and proficient in Excel, Word 4. Excellent communication skills both verbal and written 5. Excellent interpersonal skills and a collaborative management style. 6. Budget development and oversight experience 7. A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards in a diverse workplace. 8. Ability to challenge and debate issues of importance to the organization. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Operations Management operations project and manager Traffic Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Electrical PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CMS Computers Limited CMS Computers Limited CMS Computers Ltd is a leading IT solutions provider in the country with 3500+ professionals' worldwide offering wide range of solutions and services across various verticals in strategic IT consulting, Networking, Training, Outsourcing, Platform delivery, Facility Management, Customizing & Implementing Solutions, Onsite service & support, and Application Management support. CMS is a System Integration organization that offers entire range of IT Solutions and products globally. Our deep industry knowledge enables our clients to address issues specific to their business and our unmatched infrastructure provides the capacity and capability to serve our clients extraordinarily well. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details