TITLE: Sr Engineer / Asst Manager- Design (refrigeration)

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ISF Industries Pvt Ltd is looking for a graduate mechanical engineer/Chemical Engineer/ Dairy & Food Engineer with 5 Years + experience in design, Selection and execution of Refrigeration Equipments for Dairy, Beverages, Brewery Industry or Air Conditioning Industry. Location : Chennai, India Industry/ Activity : Process and Refrigeration Engineering Equipment Supplier for Dairy, Food, Pharma and Cosmetic and Health care Industry Experience : 5 years experience+ Job Description: 1. Design of Refrigeration system of Freon and Ammonia based with selection of components like evaporator, Expansion Valve, Compressor, Air Cooled or water cooled condenser, Pipe, Insulation material, etc 2. Preparation of Piping and Instrumentation diagram. 3. Develops manufacturing drawings in accordance with applicable standard in consultation with mechanical engg. Dept. 4. Develop standard designs and forms to minimize time and error in the design and procurement process. 5. Developing of drawing in Auto CAD, Solid Edge, etc with equipment data sheet and nozzle orientation. 6. Preparation of modular designs and fabrication. 7. Prepares and/or assists in the preparation of cost estimates for preparing proposals. 8. Interfaces with vendors for component selection, manufacturing, and assembly Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Design Engineer/Manager Keyskills design engineer cad engineering design cad mechanical mechanical design machinery design machine design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification & Required Skills/Experience: 1. Bachelors degree or Post Graduate in Mechanical Engineering or Chemical Engineering or Dairy and Food Engineering with at least 5 years of experience in the design or implementation of Refrigeration and Air Conditioning. 2. In depth understanding of process flow and instrument diagrams of Refrigeration system and components.3. Understands industry standards, codes and design criteria pertinent to Refrigeration Ind.4. Self motivated and highly organized Company Profile: ISF Industries Private Limited ISF is a specialist in design, manufacture and installation of process equipment/ modules/ projects, serving customers in dairy, beverage, food, ice cream, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries, with technical collaboration from leading European companies' viz., Gram Equipment- Denmark, Wedholms-Sweden, Unilac-Belgium. Also ISF is a leader in DX Type Farm Cooling Tanks (Bulk Milk Coolers) in India & Srilanka. We are the only manufacturer in DX Type Bulk Milk Coolers with Laser Welded Dimple Technology Evaporator in India & Srilanka. Encouraged by the export of Refrigerated Farm Cooling Tanks to M/s. Nestle India Limited and the continuous demand for various Food & Dairy machineries by Amul, Mother Dairy, Britannia, Aavin, Sugam & other Co-operatives and Private Enterprises, the company had established a fully owned subsidiary in India at Chennai. Apart from manufacturing, the company had established its Project Division with a specific purpose and executed the multi million dollar Walls Ice-cream Project of Unilever Ceylon Limited. And established a technical collaboration with the world leader in refrigeration and producers of ice-cream machinery, M/s. Gram Equipment - Denmark. Today, ISF is the only licensed manufacturer in the world by Gram Equipment for manufacturing Gram Ice-cream Freezers. ISF had supplied Softy Ice-cream Dispensers to Hindustan Levers (Walls soft ice-cream project), nearly 300 machines through one single supply order. Today, ISF - India & Srilanka export number of products to Europe, Middle East & New Zealand. Few of our equipments are 'CE' marked for European market. The company had received consecutively for 2 years the Gold Award for Industrial Excellence from Ceylon National Chamber of Industries for the Year 2003 & 2002, Silver Award for Entrepreneur of the Year 2001 and Bronze Award for the year 2001 from National Chamber of Exporters. The company has a specialized division for custom built equipment which manufactures Processing tanks/ vessels, Aging Vats, Vacuum Dryers, Blenders, Special Processing Tanks, etc., to several Multi National Food & Pharmaceuticals Industries. Our large clientele list includes Nestle-India & Sri Lanka, Walls Ice Cream-Ceylon, Hindustan Lever, Uni Lever- UK, Indonesia, Pakistan & Ceylon, Britannia Industries, Carlsberg Beer, CPC Agri Foods Ltd., TTK LIG-India, Cairo Frozen Foods- Egypt, UNDP-Colombo, Heinz, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details