TITLE: Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To ensure uptime and usability of desktop/laptop and LAN services through provision| maintenance and issue resolution activities for the assigned geography/ies (1.) To ensure 100% accuracy and updations of all the IT Assets Management or tracker eg. Goods received note| vendor follow up etc. (2.) To ensure all the IT end users calls are closed as per SLAs remotely eg. Troubleshooting etc. (3.) To ensure policy compliance [including new or changed] and checks as per agreed standards. Eg. Antivirus| Patch Management| License etc. (4.) To procure| provision/de-provision and ensure deployment of hardware and software at entry| exit and movement within the SLA norms (5.) To coordinate with the vendor / supplier for remedy ticket / call resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Programming lead tech web Java SQL Jquery SLA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details