TITLE: Senior Network Security Engineer L2 - Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from sify technologies! We are hiring Security operation engineer (L2) for our chennai location. Interested candidates with relevant experience can share their resume to kousalya.sheeba@sifycorp.com Contact person: Kousalya - HR Experience: 4+years location: Chennai Security Engineer -L2 (Job Description) Must have 4+ years of experience with Checkpoint, Fortigate and Cisco Firewalls Must have hands-on technical experience installing, configuring, documenting, and providing on-going support for Cisco ASA ,Checkpoint firewalls, and Cisco routers at multiple customer sites. Experience in product evaluation and managing vendor relationships required. Experience in defining Information Security strategy and integrating security technologies into corporate frameworks. Primary Skill Set: Checkpoint / Cisco / Fortigate Must to have network security experience Should have strong knowledge in Security concepts Should have hands on knowledge in IPSEC/SSL Vpn Should have good knowledge in Proxies and email security. Should have basic knowledge in Vulnerability Management Should have knowledge on network intrusion methods and denial of service attacks. Should be comfortable working in 24*7 environments. Should have good communication skills (verbal and written). Should have good understanding on ticket driven process Should be CCNA (Security) certified. CCSP, CCSA certifications are preferred. Salary:INR As per industry standard Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills Network Security network&security CCSA CCSP CCIE Cisco ASA Checkpoint fortigate blue coat proxy palo alto sonicwall proxy Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sify Limited We are India's pioneer & leader in Internet, Networking and e-Commerce services, and the first Indian Internet company to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market in the US. We provide integrated end-to-end solutions for both corporates & consumers, with a range of products and services delivered over a common Internet backbone infrastructure. Everything that Sify has done or achieved since we began commercial operations in April 1998 stems from our Purpose and Vision. A key aspect is Sify being an enabler and catalyst of the Internet for positive change in India- a responsibility that we continue to carry. Sify began by developing India's first TCP/IP network and offering multiple services on a common backbone infrastructure for an integrated Internet, networking and eCommerce business model. This was the first such business model in the world, and appropriate for catalyzing the growth of the Internet and networking in an infrastructure starved market. It also enabled a virtuous cycle, where each business supported the other, while catalyzing the market to growth. Fortune magazine, in their December 2000 issue, selected Sify (then Satyam Infoway) as one of the world's ten hot technology companies to watch out for based on this innovative business model! From the start of commercial operations in April 1998, Sify has become the market leader in most lines of business, winning global recognition for its expertise, performance, customer focus and standards along the way. In doing this, Sify pioneered services and set standards for the Industry in diverse areas. Sify is a leader in every line of business and has won national and international recognition for both market leadership and the quality of our services. We are unmatched in Internet and network services expertise and technology, with the best tools, software and processes in the business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details