TITLE: Part time Content Writer and Editor

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We will send you a keyword on which you have to write an article along with the URL of the website (if necessary) The article needs to be generic/informative in nature and must have at least 3% keyword density. You will not be considered unless you can commit a minimum 25 articles per week.Â Article word limit: 500 words plus 20-25 words summary. Article should be free from any grammatical error, misspellings and in line with the US/UK audience, as per the requirement of the project. All content will be copyscape tested and any minor violation will terminate the understanding with you immediately. Â We will provide you the work every second day and you will have to send the assignment back to us within 1-2 days of the same. Â All payments will be made twice a month Â We pay through the cheque of HDFC bank payable in your name or can deposit directly in your HDFC/ICICI/Axis Bank. The cheque is sent by courier. Â FYI: Repeat copy of work from any site, including wikipedia is not allowed. All articles become property of Content Remarketing. Reproduction of the same in any form can attract legal penalty. The write-ups have to be original piece of work. No copy paste is allowed.Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:International Business Content Developer Keyskills content editor content qc content writer content writing copywriter editing copy writing copy editor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Good English writing skills, strong vocabulary, reading and comprehension skills.Â Can provide a MINIMUM OF 25 WRITEUPS PER WEEKExperience in similar writing style and workAbility to rephrase and modify articles and write -ups.Clear, concise and compelling copy writing and proof-reading skills.Â Internet savvyDecent typing speed Company Profile: Content Remarketing We are one of largest content writing and marketing firm catering to the clientele in the US/UK. We have been writing 100% unique SEO friendly articles, blogs, PRs for our clients. At present we want to outsource bulk work, which will include writing SEO friendly articles Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details