TITLE: Urgent Requirement for State Head - Karnataka

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We have the following opening with us for Karnataka. Designation : GM / AVP Role : State In-charge for Karnataka State Location : Karnataka Experience : 10 Years - 15 Years No.of Vacancies : 1 Gender : Male Only Website : www.vakrangee.in Salary : Best in the industry. About Vakrangee:- We Are a Technology Driven Company, Focusing On Creating India';s Largest Net work Of Last-Mile Retail, Banking And ATM Outlets, To Potentially Enable Every Indian To Seamlessly Benefit From Financial Inclusion, Government e-Governance Programs. Job Requirement :- 1. Candidate Should Be Presentable With Good Communication Skills. 2. Should Know The Area Thoroughly And Resident Of Nearby Area, Knowledge Of The Rural Parts Of The State Is Required (MANDATORY CONDITION). 3. Can Speak & Understand English, Hindi & Local Language. 4. Experience In Sales, Marketing, Insurance, Banking, Retail, NGO And Field Experience Of E-Governance Projects Will Be Preferred. 5. Job Would Require Frequent Travel Within The Allocated State. 6. Candidate Should have Minimum Graduate. 7. Should have With Rich Field Experience Of Sales revenue generation and in the Field of G2C, Banking, e-Commerce and e-Governance. 8. Should be target oriented and can work in pressure. Job description :- 1.The candidate is responsible for the revenue generation for all the vertical in the state i.e Banking, e-Commerce, e-Governance, ATM and Insurance. 2.Should assist the Subordinates in the business development activities in the state. 3.Will be the head of the state team. 4.Maintaining monthly new account Enrollment , saving , withdrawal & Transactions target under Financial Inclusion project. 5.Building the relation with the Bank and local administrative officer at district & state level. 6.Setting up of ATM under the project of White Label ATM as per the allocations received from the authorized bodies from time to time. 7.Required to venture out in the field and also attend periodic review meetings. 8.Shall also be responsible and in charge of the projects running in the state. 9.Shall be responsible for building strong relations within the State Government/Other Government officials. 10.Liaise with the alliance partners for generating more business in the State(s). 11.Arrange or attend the BD seminars, workshops, trainings etc held in the state. 12.Responsible for building a strong team in the State(s). 13.Appointment of one Block Executive in every block, one District Executive in every district and Divisional Mangers of the state in co-ordination with HR and getting the task accomplished through them. 14.Any other activity assigned from time to time as directed by the management. 15.Candidate would be responsible for the new franchisees development in the state 16.Candidate will be working in all the business verticals of the company i.e. 17.Banking, e-Commerce, e-Governance, ATM and Insurance. 18.Liaise with the alliance partners for generating more business State. 19.Any other activities assigned from time to time from the management. Salary: Best in Industry + Bonus, Mediclaim, ESOP Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Sales Insurance Marketing Business Development Revenue Generation Bd Avp Financial Inclusion Retail Banking Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Vakrangee Vakrangee is a Technology Driven Company, Focusing On Creating India';s Largest Net work Of Last-Mile Retail, Banking And ATM Outlets, To Potentially Enable Every Indian To Seamlessly Benefit From Financial Inclusion, Government e-Governance Programs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details