TITLE: Dell - Sr Network Development Engineer - Firmware Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is your opportunity to do great work for a great company working on Dell Networking technologies, products and solutions. You will have an opportunity to work with some of the most cutting edge high density / highly reliable network switches. You will work in a fast paced environment with an experienced and highly technical team of Dell Networking engineers to solve a wide variety of unique and fascinating problems. As a diagnostic software engineer for Dell Networks, you will work on products that enable Dell to deliver sophisticated networking solutions. Your diagnostic software will run on a variety of network platforms, both existing and newly designed. This position will technically challenge you, but working with your colleagues and other groups, you will be successful in delivering quality diagnostic software to internal and external customers on schedule. About the Enterprise Solutions Group: Networking is an exciting and dynamic space in the technology industry - how the game was won two years ago is not how it will be won in the next two years. Dell Networking is poised to make an impact on the industry. Customers are hungry for open, capable and affordable datacenter/enterprise solutions, and the combination of Dell's strength in servers and storage and networking, will enable us to offer customers a solid portfolio of products and solutions to meet all of their infrastructure Responsibilities: - Collaborate with colleagues to determine customer needs and turn them into reality - Design and implement new diagnostic software features and deliver them on time - Be proactive and reach across team boundaries to get things done - Participate in the preparation, review, and analysis of software requirements and specifications - Develop, test, and integrate code for new software projects. Communicate project issues and status - Use defined software lifecycle methodologies. Review and implement test strategies for software products. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Firmware Development Chipset Intel Broadcomm device drivers C Programming Embedded Systems Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Required Skills and Experience : - At least 6+ years of experience with BSEE or equivalent - At least 4+ years of experience with MSEE or equivalent. - Project experience with a 3-5 member team - Expertise with distributed systems - Expertise developing large diagnostic software applications - Proficient in C (must), C++, Perl, Python and object oriented methodologies. - Working experience on Intel Server architecture and systems management applications. - Experience with embedded Linux and open source libraries or other embedded operating system. - Experience with low-level firmware or device drivers. - Strong debugging skills using various industry standard debuggers - Experience with X86 architectures Interested Candidates can apply. Company Profile: Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details