TITLE: HCL Bserv Hiring for Junior Engineer Product Support / Tech Support

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mega Walkin Drive @ HCL BServÂ for Jr.Engineer - Product Support / Tech Support - International Voice Process on 28th Nov,2015 @ Chennai, Coimbatore & Hyderabad Â CompanyÂ Â Â Â Â Â Â : Â HCL Technologies Ltd. - Business Services Â DesignationÂ Â Â : Junior Engineer - Product Support Â Client Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â : Telecom Client, UK(Voice Process) Â Shift Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â : Rotational Shifts Â Job LocationÂ : GreamsRoad,Chennai Â ExperienceÂ Â Â : 0 to 3 years - Both Freshers and Experienced candidates are eligible Â QualificationÂ : Any Graduate (BE/B.Tech / Arts and Science-Any stream) / Under Graduate / candidates with backlogs up to 4 papers can also apply / Diploma holders(10+2+2 only). Â Job Description:- Â Assist BT Customers over the phone, with Technical troubleshooting by providing Excellent Customer Service for ETON Sports and TV Â Assist BT Customers over the phone, with Order Provisioning, Order cancelation, delayed orders, expedites, etc. Â Trouble shooting for Broadband related issues. Â Setting up wireless connection on Laptops and Desktops. Â Connectivity issues with ops Modem, Routers, Hubs and Switches. Â Dealing with network connectivity LAN , WAN and MAN. Â Checking the exchange line issues / outages / fixing appointment with the technician at UK. Â Skill set required:- Â Highly confident communicators with excellent interactive ability. Tailors tone and communication style to the customers needs. Offers clear explanations. Demonstrable call control skills. Culturally aware with good intercultural skills. Crafts appropriate responses to customer objections and uses strategies to repair communication. Speaks standard business English in a neutral accent with no mother tongue influence Highly sentient. Ability to identify and respond appropriately to customers emotions. A high level of professional integrity with a tendency to do the right thing. Tenacity in dealing with complex problems. An analytical thinker, showing the ability to make decision and solve customer problems with minimal supervision. Can identify non value add processes and practices. Able to articulate and champion more effective ways of working. Selection Procedure:- HR Round VnA round Salary Package:1.92 LPA 3.2 LPA (Compensation will vary based on the relevant documents and qualification) Â Kindly mention SYED as Source/ Reference at the top of your resume Â Date & Time : 28th Nov,2015. 10.am Â VENUE: Â CHENNAI: HCL Technologies, 1st Floor, WSS Navin's Towers, Puthupet, Near Casino Theatre, Mount Road, Chennai - 2 Â COIMBATORE: HCL CDC 100 feet road,Gandhipuram Coimbatore-641012 Land mark: Behind Kalyan Jewellers Â HYDERABAD: HCL CDC, # 83-263/A/6, Tolichowki Main Road, opposite Himalaya Book Depot, Hyderabad-8. Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Fresher International voice process international call center Product Support Junior Engineer BPO and ITES call center and ites voice process and ites inbound and ites international call center and ites kpo and ites voice and ites Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies Limited HCL is a $6.3 billion leading global technology and IT enterprise comprising two companies listed in India - HCL Technologies and HCL Infosystems. Founded in 1976, HCL is one of India's original IT garage start-ups. A pioneer of modern computing, HCL is a global transformational enterprise today. Its range of offerings includes product engineering, custom & package applications, BPO, IT infrastructure services, IT hardware, systems integration, and distribution of information and communications technology (ICT) products across a wide range of focused industry verticals. The HCL team consists of over 90,000 professionals of diverse nationalities, who operate from 29 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. HCL has partnerships with several leading Global 1000 firms, including leading IT and Technology firms. For more information, please visit www.hcl.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details