TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Responsibility Marketing & Sales : Room sales / Banquet Sales / Day outing sales Identify suitable markets for generating Leads. Corporate meets and sales pitch. Target centric approach. Day to day updates to HOD. Attract New guests to the Platform using various channels like Trade Attract,Seller Attract, Online Data Mining, Direct marketing, BDE Activity. Identify High Potential Corporate and consolidate corporate base. Develop programs and Promotions to support and scale the buying level of these corporate, including account management. Daily Relationship Management activities with top corporate. Identify Buyer needs using Various MIS, checking on the offline trend in the industry, doing buyer surveys, market trends and competition data Attract Buyers in the Category through focused category based promotions in co-ordination with marketing functions like site promos, online alliances, DM, PR and events. Analyze and prepare weekly and monthly reports on performance. Coordinate and execute the branding executions. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers in the assigned territory / market segments to generate new business for the hotel products. Make telephonic calls and in-person visits to meet the decision making authority of the corporate / travel agencies to explain about hotel products and close the deal. Research sources for developing prospective customers and for information to determine their potential. Handling Price negotiations, BTC for corporate and travel agencies. Creating proper terms & conditions for tie up. Maintain proper relationship with online portals. Increase room nights through portals with special promotions and direct offers to the customers Analyze the competitor rates and occupancy percentage. Plan and organize personal sales strategy by maximizing the booking for the territory / segments. Promoting the hotel offers and promotions through LinkedIn, Facebook Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Direct Marketing Bde Relationship Management Lead Generation Banquet Sales Promotions Sales Strategy Alliances Account Management Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Ideal candidate must be a Graduate. Hands on experience with Room sales is a Must. Taking ownership & responsibility. Self-motivated with the ability to work independently. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.Speedy response, Drive for results, dealing with ambiguity, Withstanding pressure, Business acumen, Marketing knowledge, Interpersonal effectiveness and Working in a team Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details