TITLE: Converged Security Operations Center CSOC in Tech Mahindra Chennai Loc

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Location:- Chennai Â The Converged Security Operations Center (CSOC) is a 24x7x365 operation center. Â Â Functional Responsibilities: Â * This position requires applied knowledge of established procedures, policies and best practices. Â * Candidate should have understanding of 7 layers of OSI model and should be able to troubleshoot simple incidents involving first four layers. Â * Receive, log, monitor and update incident and problem tickets from customers, both internal and external Â * Monitor the progress of all ongoing incidents and update the customer and internal groups when required Â Â * Perform initial troubleshooting and diagnosis of all enterprise security device incidents Â * Daily Incident Management responsibilities will include; troubleshooting incidents, participating in incident calls, updating incident tickets, research incident as required and escalating to Tier 3 or Management as required Â * Candidate will have responsibility of taking ownership of assigned tasks, resolve tasks within assigned shift or correctly transition incident to oncoming shift if not resolved, track task to resolution. Â * Work with the various enterprise security device manufacturers to resolve complex incidents, replace defective hardware and receive software patches/fixes to resolve incidents. Â * Work with CSOC Tier 3 resources as required to resolve complex incidents. Â * Individual should be capable of using vendor provided tools, log files, Verizon provided tools/scripts, etc. to resolve incidents. Â * Candidate should be able to utilize any and all available reference material to resolve incidents as required. Â Required Skills & Experience: Â Â * This position requires a broad range of familiarity with principles, theories, concepts and technologies. * Ability to multitask, prioritize and resolve urgent issues. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding and knowledge of firewall functionality. Â This includes but is not limited to: Checkpoint (IPSO, NG, R65-R75, Cisco (PIX/FWSM/ASA), Juniper (SRX, ISG, NetScreen, etc.), Palo Alto, Fortinet, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Caching/Proxy/AV devices. This includes but is not limited to: Bluecoat, Cisco, NetCache, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Global/Local load balancing devices. This includes but is not limited to: F5 (LTM, ASM, 3DNS), Cisco CSS, Alteon, Redline, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of VPN devices. This includes but is not limited to: Juniper, Cisco, etc. * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of SSL devices. This includes but is not limited to: Alteon (Accelerators), Juniper, etc. Â Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Enterprise Management tools. This includes but is not limited to: Provider-1, Enterprise Manager, CSM, etc. Â * Ideal candidate will have understanding of industry trends in all areas of Information Security. Â * Experience working in 24x7 centers with complex, mission-critical, high transaction, high availability environments. Â Â * Intermediate to expert level understanding of networking technologies, e.g. Cisco routers and switches. Â Â * Ideal candidate will have strong verbal and written communication skills and have the ability to work in a team environment. Â Â * Must be able to effectively interface with customer employees, Program Office employees, other Verizon employees and Senior Management. Â Â * Ability to provide critical information in a clear, concise and quick manner. * Must enjoy working in a fast paced multi-faceted environment. Â Must have basic Linux/Unix skills. Â * At least 4 years of experience in working with TCP/IP, Ethernet networks and troubleshooting tools (tcpdump, trace, etc.). Â * An understanding of Internet protocols such as UDP, ICMP, DNS, SMTP, POP, HTTP, and SNMP. Â * ITIL Certification required (or must obtain within six month of hire). Required Skills & Experience: Â * This position requires a broad range of familiarity with principles, theories, concepts and technologies. * Ability to multitask, prioritize and resolve urgent issues. Â Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding and knowledge of firewall functionality. This includes but is not limited to: Checkpoint (IPSO, NG, R65-R75, Cisco (PIX/FWSM/ASA), Juniper (SRX, ISG, NetScreen, etc.), Palo Alto, Fortinet, etc. Â Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Caching/Proxy/AV devices. This includes but is not limited to: Bluecoat, Cisco, NetCache, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Global/Local load balancing devices. This includes but is not limited to: F5 (LTM, ASM, 3DNS), Cisco CSS, Alteon, Redline, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of VPN devices. This includes but is not limited to: Juniper, Cisco, etc Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of SSL devices. This includes but is not limited to: Alteon (Accelerators), Juniper, etc. Â * Must have intermediate to expert level understanding of Enterprise Management tools. This includes but is not limited to: Provider-1, Enterprise Manager, CSM, etc. Â * Ideal candidate will have understanding of industry trends in all areas of Information Security Â * Experience working in 24x7 centers with complex, mission-critical, high transaction, high availability environments. Â Â * Intermediate to expert level understanding of networking technologies, e.g. Cisco routers and switches Â * Ideal candidate will have strong verbal and written communication skills and have the ability to work in a team environment. Â * Must be able to effectively interface with customer employees, Program Office employees, other Verizon employees and Senior Management. Â Â * Ability to provide critical information in a clear, concise and quick manner. * Must enjoy working in a fast paced multi-faceted environment. Â Â * Must have basic Linux/Unix skills. Â Â * At least 4 years of experience in working with TCP/IP, Ethernet networks and troubleshooting tools (tcpdump, trace, etc.). Â * An understanding of Internet protocols such as UDP, ICMP, DNS, SMTP, POP, HTTP, and SNMP. Â * ITIL Certification required (or must obtain within six month of hire). Â Interested candidates please share CV's on Email: as00438494@techmahindra.com Â Specify Details:- Current Location:- Â Work Location:-Chennai Â Â Notice Period:- Total Exp:- Current CTC:- Expected CTC:- Passport No:- Date of Birth:- Â Thanks and Regards, Anubha Singh Â Email: anubha.singh@techmahindra.com Â Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills SOC and ITIL and Security Operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tech Mahindra Ltd. Tech Mahindra is part of the US $15.4 billion Mahindra Group and is a leading global systems integrator and business transformation consulting organization, focused primarily on the telecommunications industry. Tech Mahindra helps companies innovate and transform by leveraging its unique insights, differentiated services and flexible partnering models. This has helped customers reduce operating costs, generate new revenue streams and gain competitive advantage. Tech Mahindra expanded its IT portfolio in 2009 by acquiring the leading global business and information technology services company, Mahindra Satyam (earlier known as Satyam Computer Services). Tech Mahindra's capabilities spread across a broad spectrum, including Business Support Systems (BSS), Operations Support Systems (OSS), Network Design & Engineering, Next Generation Networks, Mobility Solutions, Security consulting and Testing. Tech Mahindra's solutions portfolio includes Consulting, Application Development & Management, Network Services, Solution Integration, Product Engineering, Infrastructure Managed Services, Remote Infrastructure Management and BSG (comprises BPO, Services and Consulting). With an array of service offerings for TSPs, TEMs and ISVs, Tech Mahindra is a chosen transformation partner for several leading wireline, wireless and broadband operators in Europe, Asia-Pacific and North America. Tech Mahindra has successfully implemented more than 16 Greenfield Operations globally and has over 130 active customer engagements mostly in the Telecom sector. The company has been involved in about 8 transformation programs of incumbent telecom operators. Tech Mahindra has a global footprint through operations in more than 31 countries with 17 sales offices and 15 delivery centers. Assessed at SEI CMMi Level 5, Tech Mahindra's track record for value delivery is supported by over 40,500 professionals who provide a unique blend of culture, domain expertise and in depth technology skill sets. Its development centers are ISO 9001:2008 & BS7799 certified. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details