TITLE: Team Leader- Tax Research/ Financial Research

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities Independently manage complex and challenging research assignments - either as a part of an ongoing client engagement, or as a part of business development efforts conducted by the entity Consistently engage with the clients, interpret their requirements and scope the requests, staff projects while managing the communication flow throughout Extend ongoing support to a business unit strategy initiative around business development, quality, process improvement etc. Set up standards for quality control; measure and report performance against those standards Understand the project requirements through minimum support and take complete ownership of the projects. Aspire to deliver projects with value-add (more than what client wants). Qualifications and Skills MBA (Finance)/Tier 1 or 2 colleges CFA Level 1 MS Finance A minimum of 5-6 years of work experience at a leading professional services firm (e.g. international consulting firm, Big 4, global investment bank, leading research house) Experience in conducting secondary research (strong base in financial research) Exposure to handling teams. Independent project management and delivery (end-to-end). Client/stakeholder management. Experience and Background Highly articulate with excellent communication and presentation skills (especially PowerPoint). Clarity of financial concepts (understanding financial statements, tax structure, debt profile etc) is an absolute must. Experience in preparing reports, thought leaderships, media articles, industry landscapes, company analysis and regulatory updates. Ability to synthesize qualitative and quantitative data quickly and draw meaningful insights. Exposure to managing small to midsized teams (3-4 people). Multi-tasking abilities to seamlessly manage projects and operations. Willingness to work in a highly demanding and results oriented team environment where priorities can change frequently. Effective communication skills to interact with stakeholders around the globe. High consciousness towards attention to detail; drive and commitment towards delivering high quality service. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills Client Engagement Stakeholder Management SCOPE Company Analysis Strategy Taxation Investment Banking Mba Finance Consulting Process Improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details