TITLE: Excellent Opportunity for Freshers with Sensiple @ Siruseri

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HiÂ Warm Greetings from Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt Ltd !!! We are hosting a walk-in drive for 2012, 2013, 2014 & 2015 M.B.A., & Arts & Science and Engineering Graduates at our office Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt Ltd,Â Plot No 9/A15, SIPCOT IT Park, Padur Post, Siruseri, Chennai 603 103 , Â on 23rd, 24th & 25th November 2015 between 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM. Â Note - Kindly go-through the below complete job-description for your understanding.Â Please find below the job description and venue details. Work Location - Chennai, Siruseri (OMR) Work Timings - 6:30 PM to 3:30 AM Designation - Trainee - Technical Recruiter Responsibilities: Responsible for identifying potential candidates from US market on various IT skills set as per the clients job specifications. Develop sourcing strategies that are successful in reaching potential candidates, both passive and active. Analyze and understand the IT requirements. Source candidates from database or through job portals, referrals, forums, head hunting, networks, social media and need to do extensive research over the internet in identifying the right talent in the market. Interview prospective candidates over the phone to understand their reliability, personality and suitability. Develop and maintain strong working relationships with internal team members, staffing vendors, professional organizations, and reputable independent consultants to help identify and source qualified talents. Ensure a positive candidate experience throughout the entire hiring process, from sourcing to closure. Ability to adhere to guidelines & standards and follow up on established processes and procedures required. Constant interaction with the Business Development Team in understanding the current and future requirements of the Client. Create pipeline of candidates available in US by mapping the Client needs with the Candidate expectations. Stay abreast of trends and innovative recruiting techniques. Required skills: Should have passion for Recruitment. Excellent verbal and written Communication skills with pleasant phone personality Must be able to work independently with a never give up attitude. Career focused, ownership of work (Accountability & involvement in work) results driven and strong goal orientation. Willing to work in night shifts. Willing to sign 2 years bond. Documents to be carried : Passport size photo Updated resume Interview Dates: Â 30th, 1st & 2nd November 2015 between 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM Venue: Â Â Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, Plot No 9/A15, SIPCOT IT Park, Padur Post, Siruseri, Chennai 603 103 Contact Person - Ashraff Shaik Mohammad Contact Number - +91 9003050095 / 044-47419028 Thanks & Regards Ashraff Shaik Mohammad Senior Executive - Human Resources Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Fresher Fresher and Trainee Fresher and Entry Level Fresher and Trainee and Entry Level US IT Staffing graduate under graduate us staffing BBA BSc MBA 1099 w2 c2c corp to corp us it recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, B.B.A - Management, B.Com - Commerce, B.Ed - Education, B.Pharma - Pharmacy, B.Sc - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers, BDS - Dentistry, BHM - Hotel Management, BVSC - Veterinary Science, Diploma - Any Specialization, LLB - Law, MBBS - Medicine, Other Graduate, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MVSC - Veterinary Science, PG Diploma - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Sc - Any Specialization, M.Pharma - Pharmacy, M.Ed - Education, M.Com - Commerce, M.Arch - Architecture, M.A - Any Specialization, LLM - Law, Integrated PG - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sensiple Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Sensiple Technologies India Pvt Ltd Sensiple is a world class IT solution provider offering technology solutions and managed services in verticals such as Customer Contact, Healthcare and Finance (banking & trading). Headquartered in the United States and with delivery centers in India, Sensiple has extended its services across the globe. Sensiple has evolved from being a business consulting company in its early stages to an one stop IT solution provider over the years. With our onsite offshore engagement model, ability to innovate, top-down approach and industry experience, we offer cost effective, customized and immaculate IT solutions after an in-depth analysis of your business. With our team's broad functional and deep domain knowledge across various technologies, we offer business & technology consulting services, product development, custom software development, Application support and QA/testing services. For more details please visit our website www.sensiple.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details