TITLE: Architect-salarpuria Sattva

SKILLS: Architecture

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Salarpuria Sattva Group ! About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Job Profile: Design Coordination with consultants, clients and contractors Designing and Drafting To develop conceptual scheme on proposed site. Conducting meetings with client and other consultants To develop conceptual scheme on proposed site. Interested candidates may forward your updated profile to Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in & hr@sattvagroup.in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category:Architectural Services Role:Architect Keyskills Architectural Designa Architecture B Arch Arch Design Coordiantor Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Arch - Architecture Company Profile: Greenage Griha Nirmaan Pvt Ltd. Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Enter details about your company and/or the company you are hiring for Enter details about your company and/or the company you are hiring for Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details