TITLE: Selenium Test Engineer/2-5 Yrs/chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Sify Technologies, Ltd, Chennai!! We are in search for Automation Test Engineers on Selenium environment with atleast 2 Yrs of relevant experience. Job Description Automation Testing (2 to 5 years experience) Well versed using Selenium & SilkTest Analyzing acceptance conditions from project documentation and developing automation test frameworks to support the test cases and test scripts to cover those conditions. Creating and maintaining automated regression test suites using Selenium Defining automation coverage and developing automation test plans for in-house systems. Running automated and manual test scripts. Ensuring test environments are available and maintained for all applications. Working closely with developers and users to determine root cause of test failures and help establish severity and scope to guide prioritisation for resolution by the software engineers. Actively improving the automation skills of the QC and software engineers through in-house training sessions, mentoring and knowledge transfer. Load Testing experience will be added value Personal Requirements for Role Ability to work in a team environment. Good at communicating with colleagues and customers. Self-motivated, Quick learner. A desire to continuously improve both individually and as a team. Bachelor degree in computer science. Please feel free to share your updated resume if you are interested in opportunities with us. Thanks & Regards Ramanathan TV Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Testing Test Engineering Selenium Automation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sify Limited We are India's pioneer & leader in Internet, Networking and e-Commerce services, and the first Indian Internet company to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market in the US. We provide integrated end-to-end solutions for both corporates & consumers, with a range of products and services delivered over a common Internet backbone infrastructure. Everything that Sify has done or achieved since we began commercial operations in April 1998 stems from our Purpose and Vision. A key aspect is Sify being an enabler and catalyst of the Internet for positive change in India- a responsibility that we continue to carry. Sify began by developing India's first TCP/IP network and offering multiple services on a common backbone infrastructure for an integrated Internet, networking and eCommerce business model. This was the first such business model in the world, and appropriate for catalyzing the growth of the Internet and networking in an infrastructure starved market. It also enabled a virtuous cycle, where each business supported the other, while catalyzing the market to growth. Fortune magazine, in their December 2000 issue, selected Sify (then Satyam Infoway) as one of the world's ten hot technology companies to watch out for based on this innovative business model! From the start of commercial operations in April 1998, Sify has become the market leader in most lines of business, winning global recognition for its expertise, performance, customer focus and standards along the way. In doing this, Sify pioneered services and set standards for the Industry in diverse areas. Sify is a leader in every line of business and has won national and international recognition for both market leadership and the quality of our services. We are unmatched in Internet and network services expertise and technology, with the best tools, software and processes in the business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details