TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Retail Sales Meetings doctors Maximising revenue Increasing GP referrals Conducting retails camps Medical representatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills medical reps Retail Sales healthcare sales pharma Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good communication skillsExperience in sales in healthcare inductryMedical reps can also applyCommitted and outspoken Company Profile: Apollo Health and Lifestyle Limited Apollo Clinics are multi - speciality clinics run by Apollo Health & Lifestyle Limited (AHLL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (AHEL). AHLL is one of the largest players in the retail healthcare segment in India. Apollo Clinics was founded in 2002 with the aim "to bring healthcare of international standards within the reach of every individual." To achieve this, Apollo Clinics run a a large network of Apollo Clinics with over 61 clinics, both owned and franchised in India and 2 clinics in the Middle East. As a part of the Apollo group's objective to expand its operations, a number of similar clinics are being set up overseas as well. Each of Apollo Clinics is committed to provide consistently superior quality health care services to address the day-to-day health care needs of the family. To maximize convenience and comfort, Apollo Clinic is an integrated model and offers facilities for Specialist Consultation, Diagnostics, Preventive Health Checks and 24-hour Pharmacy, all under one roof. The Clinic also pioneers in a range of value added services such as counselling on various lifestyle parameters. Apollo Clinic is your new neighbourhood clinic. Not only is it complete healthcare under one roof, Apollo Clinic also plays a role in empowering customers with adequate knowledge regarding their health. The Apollo Clinic organizes camps and talks in order to achieve this. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details