TITLE: Recruitment Coordinator-chennai

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Very energetic and smart person. Good in communication Having good experience in HR Coordination. Can work in Team Multi tasker Good in presentation. Must have knowledge / experience in MS office , Excel and Outlook. Handling walk-in's / walk-in interview management. Screening / scheduling / interacting with TL / Manager. Main Responsibilities / Critical tasks To start the day with follow-up of candidates scheduled for interviews that day. Check the calendar; Call the candidate, if the candidate reschedules, update/cancel the calendar and send the same to the Panel (to keep them updated). Also, to call and check if the candidate is in, 15 minutes before the Interview. To start scheduling candidates and to ensure that at-least 2-3 interviews are scheduled for each Manager. (Provided they have that many to schedule) To book rooms in advance using the Room Booking tool. To share room booking responsibility with other schedulers and coordinators. To coordinate with the Interview Panels and provide them with the CV and Evaluation forms before the Interview is conducted To collect completely filled and signed forms from Panels/ Hiring Managers/ HRMs and give to the concerned recruiter. Also to ensure that the Recruiter receives feedback via mail, if not for hard copies of evaluation sheets To handover the form to HRM for the Interview and then to the Recruiter to check for all details and then handover to the Offer Management Team To file and maintain a record of rejected candidates for future audits Other details:- Salary: Best in the Industry Day shift job Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Recruitment HR Coordination Hiring Screening Interviewing Salary HRM HRMS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Multi taskerGood in presentation.Must have knowledge / experience in MS office , Excel and Outlook.Handling walk-in's / walk-in interview management.Screening / scheduling / interacting with TL / Manager. Company Profile: Acculogix Software Solutions India (P) Ltd. A LEADING COMPANY Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details