TITLE: Duty Doctor-chennai

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hello, DaVita is leader in Dialysis looking for Duty Doctor at Chennai. The Dialysis Medical Officer is the resident supervisor and manager of all medical matters at the Dialysis Centre. He/ she would be the on-duty doctor to attend to all complications arising during dialysis procedures. They would also perform the role of Nephrologist in case of emergencies, when the concerned doctor is not available. Medical Care 1. Conduct daily rounds of the dialysis unit; examine Electronic Medical Reports of patients; ensure that the instructions of the Nephrologist are being adhered to, in all cases. 2. Perform supervisory role to Technicians in ensuring that all sterile precautions are met; patient safety protocols are adhered to, in terms of patient conditions, vitals and using medical equipment. 3. Attend to possible complications (bleeding from fistula, hypotension etc.) developed by patients while undergoing the dialysis procedure. 4. Assist Nephrologists in medical procedures such as inserting catheter, fistula/graft insertion etc. 5. Conduct pre- and post dialysis analysis of vitals, weight and other relevant tests and identify patterns of singularity that might need medical attention. 6. Order necessary monthly tests for dialysis patients; closely monitor and evaluate lab investigation reports to understand possible future complications. 7. Closing the dialysis procedure as per protocol; further to ensuring that all information is updated and monitored. 8. Receive new patients in the Nephrology OPD in the absence of the Nephrologist; conduct initial diagnosis and refer to the concerned specialist. 9. Assist the OT doctor in surgical procedures, as and when required. 10. Supervise and ensure implementation of emergency protocol (following instructions on operating emergency trolley, ensuring technicians are trained in BLS etc.) in the absence of the in-duty Nephrologist. Patient Care 1. Educate and counsel patients on the procedures involved in the course of dialysis treatment; clarifying their concerns and questions about the treatment. 2. Refer the patient to the in-house dietician and /or psychologist in cases of modifications required in dietary plans or need to handle emotional stress. 3. Conduct daily rounds in the dialysis centre and monitor the progress of all patients undergoing dialysis therapy. Process and Quality 1. Update in-patient and out-patient history and diagnosis data in Electronic Medical Reports and/ or specific files for current and future reference. 2. Ensure updation of records in the EMR for all patients before and after every dialysis procedure. 3. Ensure adherence to NABH standards and other relevant quality standards in all processes. Staff and Facility Management 1. Act as the on-call doctor for all medical related matters of the Nephrology department; in the absence of the Sr. Nephrologist 2. Advise the Dialysis Therapy Manager / Asst. Dialysis Manager on medical matters relating to facility and infrastructure, based on recommendations from Sr. Nephrologist 3. Train and mentor junior DMOs 4. Provide performance-related feedback to indirect reports Interested candidate can forward their updated c v to vinutha.c@davita.in Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 3,75,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Doctor Nephrologist MBBS Medical Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, MBBS - Medicine PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DaVita Care (India) Private Limited DaVita is the dialysis division of DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc, a Fortune 500Ã‚Â® company that, through its operating divisions, provides a variety of health care services to patients throughout India and around world. A leading provider of kidney care in the United States, DaVita's world-class team of physicians and specialists delivers integrated kidney care services to India's growing community of patients with chronic kidney failure and end stage renal disease. Without compromise, DaVita strives to improve patient's quality of life by innovating clinical care, and by offering integrated treatment plans, personalized care teams and convenient health-management services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details