TITLE: TSE - Pharma Sales (fresher / Experienced)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Â Â Â Â : Territory Sales Executive (Pharma) Location Â Â Â Â : Chennai / Coimbatore Experience Â : 0 to 3 yrs (Freshers / Experience in any Pharma or Medical Sales can apply) CTC Â Â Â Â Â Â Â : Upto 3.5 Lpa Qualification : B.Pharm or M.Pharm JD: -Provide quality service to internal and external customers in all assigned tasks, while upholding organizational Values at all times -Achieve the set Sales targets of the assigned territory/ Brands. -Collect payments within the credit norms specified. -Implement an adequate sales and promotional strategy that increases market share in Units and values in the market in synergism with Marketing the other business and support units of the company within the assigned geographical market. -Attainment of Sales volume / mix objectives and improvement of sales mix. -Feed back to the Area Manager and Brand Manager on market and competition activities. -Implementation of promotional and sales call frequency based on efficiency tools to maximize the impact of the sales calls (i.e. Customer ABC analysis, territory administration, routing, etc.) -Adequate coverage of distribution channels that permit the optimization of the promotional activities impact with the physicians. Sound management of distribution Channels and Policies. -Efficient, timely and accurate reporting of Sales activities, results, opportunities & threats to Area Manager. Monitor, control and ensure receivables in line with the company policies. -Responsible for adverse event and product complaint handling related activities at a local level including the collection, intake and forwarding the information to the Local Vigilance Representative). -Adherence to all corporate compliance guidelines & corporate programs Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales Executive / Officer Keyskills Territory Sales Pharma Marketing Pharmaceutical Marketing pharma sales Medical rep Medical Representative Medical Sales TSE TSM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy PG:M.Pharma - Pharmacy Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Team Lease A Reputed MNC Pharma Company Our client is a 70 years old US based MNC pharma company specialized in ophthalmic pharma & Eye care products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details