TITLE: AGM/ DGM - Project Management Officer for F&A, Noida/ Chennai

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Graduate in Commerce Stream & MBA (preference to Finance Stream) Experience of working in banking projects preferably with Global Clients in the F & A Space, especially in project migration/transition. Understanding of project methodology (e.g. lifecycle, documentation standards) 12+ years of Prior Project Management Experience Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office suite, especially MS-Word and MS-Excel Experience of Enterprise Project Management tools and solutions Governance and compliance experience Key Job Activities Interact with the Client PMO on the engagement progress and status update of open points. Participate in daily, weekly and monthly Client management meeting and internal management meetings. Validate Project Activation notice. Validate Project Set up against contracted requirements Rates, T&M / FP, bonus payments. Complete Activation Phase checklist - Reporting / planning / Execution & Control and Closure. Compliance Reporting delivery to SOW / Project P&L / Actuals / Costs Forecasting. PMO Resource utilization reporting/monitoring/management Monthly reporting on Portfolio project static against completion to schedule Maintenance of process workflows and output documentation Maintenance of templates, project framework & data structure, checklists Validate Project Closure Checklist Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Accounts Keyskills Project Management PMO F&A Transition Management Migration Costs Forecasting Project P&L Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Leading the Project Management Office and being the contact point for Client PMO lead for Finance & Accounting projects (especially for P2P/AP). Managing the service delivery within PMO for operational resources globally. Manage the provision of business management, user-administrative support and statistical analysis from enterprise project management, time recording and financial systems. Track and manage all financials with internal and external stake holders. Relationship management, responsible for management of client expectations. Implementing industry best practices into the engagement. Showcasing the engagement capability with existing and prospective clients or new bids Company Profile: ANRI SOLUTIONS HR SERVICES PVT LTD ANRI Solutions HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is a Delhi based leading employment expert, offering a full range of options to help businesses and individuals choose their way in the contemporary world of work. We employ large number of people every day through a network of our employees providing effective staffing for our esteemed clients. With employment opportunities in the public and private sector, on both permanent and temporary basis, we make it easy for people to find employment and for companies to find staff with the skills they need. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details