TITLE: Sure Shot : Magento Developer : Contract to Hire : WL : Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Requirements: Minimum of 3 to 4 Years of relevant experience working on Magento. Significant experience of working with Magento E-commerce solution, ideally Enterprise edition. Experience working with PHP. In-depth understanding of Magento, PHP, MYSQL, XHTML, HTML, Java, Javascript, JQuery An in-depth knowledge of e-commerce best practices A strong understanding of browser compatibility, mobile, and SEO practices Strong attention to detail, with test, QA and deployment experience Responsive design Knowledge of online demand generation Web and email design Proven Skills & Technical Requirements: Customizing and styling the Magento front end Testing, configuring and installing Magento Extensions Using custom programming to enhance our sites Configuring Magento to work with business intelligence, order management and accounting systems Applying revisions and updates Maintaining a rollout strategy and calendar Building, modifying and maintaining a development environment Testing across mobile devices, operating systems and browsers Upgrading Magento installations when necessary Significant experience of administering and troubleshooting technical environments A desire to be personally responsible for production-level code To be successful in this role you should have excellent IT skills, and a solid understanding of the best Magento Development practices. Excellent oral and written communication skills in English is mandatory Has worked in a structured, team-based environment, and understand good software engineering patterns and practices. Be familiar with, and be able to use as directed, all applicable tools, methods, procedures and standards. Bonus Qualifications: Magento Certification is a huge plus Experience in ERP integrations with Magento is a huge plus Kindly share the profiles at the earliest who are available in 30 days. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Magento PHP MYSQL XHTML HTML Java Javascript JQuery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SummitWorks Technologies Pvt Ltd SummitWorks Technologies, Inc. (SummitWorks) is a full service Software Consulting firm assisting clients achieve Information Technologies related objectives.. Ranging from turnkey software solutions to just in time software consulting services, SummitWorks offers a complete set of onsite, offsite and offshore software development and maintenance services. SummitWorks Technologies Private Ltd has been one of the leading staff augmentation companies in the USA and India for the last 7 years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details