TITLE: Immediate Opening For User Interface Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this InfoFaces, Inc. is looking for creative developers in Chennai - Experience in designing, marking up, developing the UI of websites and/or web applications - Minimum of 2 years of web development and UI development experience is required. - Solid understanding of UX and UI design with an emphasis on maximizing usability. - Front-end skills and some basic understanding of how back-end development works. - Solid mark-up skills utilizing HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. JavaScript, Angular JS - Strong written and oral communication skills. - Desire and willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and an Agile, team-oriented environment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Javascript UI Development Web Development Web Technologies Front End AngularJS Jquery Angular JS angular java script angular css Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Infofaces, Inc InfoFaces, Inc established in 2011 in Ashburn, VA, is a global IT and Business Consulting, Analytics, Integration and Solutions firm preferred by clients for our quality, unbiased perspective and value-added technology and worthwhile business solutions. InfoFaces is briskly delivering its legendary services to clients in over 20+ countries by our full-time technology and business experts. InfoFaces serves its clients' projects through both on-site/offshore delivery models adhering to their cost-effective budget. InfoFaces is constantly endeavouring to find innovative ways and technologies to help corporations strengthen and enhance their talent infrastructure. Excellence is our point of pride and pleasure. We deliver the outcomes surpassing the expectations. We define! We expand! We inspire! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details