TITLE: Plant Head/ Manager- Beverages/ Brewery Tins

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Plant Head - FROM Contineous Process Industry...FMCG/ Brewery/ Beverages Plants KEY ACTIVITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES Reporting directly to the MD responsible for the meeting of the plants business plan/budget. Responsible for environmental, health and safety management and legislative compliance in his plant and the promotion of Continuous Improvement initiatives. Raw material costs make up in excess of 80% of total manufacturing costs and spoilage is therefore a major measure of control. The Plant Manager forms a vital part of the management team. He is involved in the preparation and presentation of formal budgets, interpreting BCAMEA business objects into local key performance indicators (KPIs) as well as the formulation of capital expenditure proposals. He is ultimately held responsible for the achievement of planned volumes within an agreed cost. The position plays a pivotal role within the company and the job holder is heavily involved in sales liaison meetings, especially those involving CTS and QC functions, but there are occasional other meetings with customers, either to consider new designs or to review specific problems. There are regular meetings with other Plant Managers, so as to encourage the interchange of best practices amongst the various plants. The Plant Manager naturally takes a close interest in controlling labour costs, especially those variable elements such as shift and overtime premiums. He has a front line role in establishing and maintaining satisfactory industrial relationships. His other major concern is with the monitoring of raw material wastage and the improvement of utilisation His greatest challenge is to maintain product quality under the pressures of volume and cost exerted from the market place Salary:INR 40,00,000 - 50,00,000 & above P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Top Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Keyskills Plant Manager Plant Head Hi Speed processing GM General Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE15-20 years relevant experience with sound knowledge managing the Plant indepdently.Â Company Profile: Kamms management Consultants Client of Kamms Reputed Group with more than 50 years of Industry Experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details