TITLE: Eduwizards.com Needs Tutors, Rs 500-1000+/hr - All India

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Eduwizards.com is looking for qualified and experienced home tutors for freelance part time and full time teaching jobs. Need tutors for all cities in Pan India. Tutors are urgently needed for all subjects including Maths, Science, Arts, Computer Science ,French, German, Commerce and English - all levels and classes. Register FREE to connect with paying students in your city for Face-to-face private home tutoring. Decide your own hourly tuition fees and timings, Rs 500-1000+ /hr. Join India's fastest growing website for connecting students with tutors. Most effective way to build and manage own successful tutoring business for all Primary, Secondary and Sr. Secondary teachers, faculties, professors and lecturers. Register directly at www.Eduwizards.com. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills Teaching Tutoring Science Maths Part Time lecturers PGT TGT english physics chemistry biology mathematics tuition tuitions tution home tutor teacher professor faculty Telgu french spanish german Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Eduwizards.com is urgently looking for qualified and experienced tutors for freelance teaching jobs for all subjects -- Pan India. Tutors for home tuition for part time & full time teaching jobs for all subjects and levels are needed. Join & get connected to paying students as per your schedule & hourly tuition charges. Register directly now at www.Eduwizards.com Company Profile: Eduwizards Infosolutions Pvt Ltd Eduwizards is India's fastest growing website for connecting students with tutors and is backed by major investment and funding. Eduwizards was founded in India in 2007 and is now a multinational corporation, with offices in India and USA. We have been providing online tutoring within the USA (and globally) for eight years. We are now expanding to provide Face-to-face Home tutoring to students in India. We provide an excellent opportunity for India's top tutors. There are no charges for tutors to sign up, have their submitted profile approved and be listed as a tutor on our website. Our Tutors with good rating have been earning up to Rs 1 Lac/ month. Register directly at www.Eduwizards.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details