TITLE: Android Developer (3-6yrs)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently looking for android developers with 3+ years of experience. We are a partner of Microsoft, Rackspace, RedHat, Sun Microsystems, Appcelerator, Blackberry, Drupal to name but a few, and deliver an array of solutions for our clients worldwide. As one of the leading mobile development company, you can be sure that you will be joining a company that really puts its people at the very heart of what we do. As Developer you will have excellent opportunity for progression within a growing team working in different industry verticals, to lead innovation and standards for mobile solutions. Our ideal candidate is focused on mobile development and passionate on innovative and disruptive technologies. You should develop efficient and high performance solutions from scratch and working closely with product, business and development teams. Responsibilities: Expert level knowledge of Android with atleast 3 yrs. of experience developing Android based applications. Deep understanding of the internals of Android Frameworks. Good knowledge in OOPS concepts and JAVAÂ Detailed knowledge of Android APIs, including animation and building custom views. Experience with Android SDK development. Experienced in building mobile applications that utilizes web services (SOAP / REST / JSON / XML). Experience with third-party libraries and APIs. Good knowledge of database (MySQL, SQLlite) Experience in data encryption is plus. Exposure to Hybrid frameworks like Appcelerator Titanium, PhoneGap, etc., is a plus Salary:INR Salary Not a constraint for the right candidate Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills android android developer senior android developer hybrid app developer native android json rest xml sqlite oops java mobile application developer html5 titanium phonegap ajax javascript css jquery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required We are looking for Mobile Application Developers who are passionate about developing apps and be a part of experienced developers. Where they will have lot of exposure working on different domain and industry verticals, serving clients and business by developing apps for them.Must have self-learning experience, with minimal supervisionAttention to details and a good team player Company Profile: Anubavam Technologies Pvt.Ltd Anubavam is one of the leading IT Solutions and Consulting Services company for organizations ranging from small and medium to Fortune 500 companies. We offer you the opportunity to work alongside professionals in a dynamic and energizing environment. Your expertise, commitment and dedication are crucial to our success. Our people-oriented practices are the core of our business philosophy. We invite you to build your career with Anubavam and contribute to the growth and success of this company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details