TITLE: Senior Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Installation and configuration of WAN, LAN Maintain network routing using Dynamic & Static Routing , Inter-VLAN Routing IOS Up gradation of Cisco Routers and Cisco Catalyst Switches. Have experience in a Cisco environment with various network protocols (ex. OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) and verify summarization with respect to both automatic and manual.. Install, maintain and troubleshoot network equipment to include routers and switches, perform fault and problem management to ensure services are maintained according to the levels defined. Experience in Configuration of Cisco 2600, 3745, 7500, 7200 Series Routers and 4500, 6500 Series Core-Switches & 2950, 3500, 3750 Series Access Layer Switches, nexus 2k,5k, 7k. Troubleshooting on various layers (LAN & Wan i.e. Access, Distribution, Perimeter layer and at MPLS end) in case of Slowness/Down issue reported from processes and identify the root cause as well whether the problem is in our network or at client end. Installation (1.) To ensure 100% accuracy and updations of all the IT Assets Management or tracker eg. Goods received note| vendor follow up etc. (2.) To ensure all the IT end users calls are closed as per SLAs remotely eg. Troubleshooting etc. (3.) To ensure policy compliance [including new or changed] and checks as per agreed standards. Eg. Antivirus| Patch Management| License etc. (4.) To procure| provision/de-provision and ensure deployment of hardware and software at entry| exit and movement within the SLA norms (5.) To coordinate with the vendor / supplier for remedy ticket / call resolution Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills Linux lead SQL Jquery tech web java Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details