TITLE: Senior Executive - Cord Blood Processing

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opening for the designation of Executive Cord Blood - (Processing of Cord Blood Stem Cells) with our Organization for the location Chennai Experience - 1 to 4 years, Salary As per the industrys Standard. MALE CANDIDATES ONLY Any science gradution with Blood Bank Experience. To know more about our Organization login on to www.lifecellinternational.com (Pioneers in the Industry of Stem Cell Banking) Job Description: 1. Follows established test procedures as per SOPs for processing, analysis, recording and reporting. 2. Complies with policies, procedures and standards in accordance with regulatory and accrediting agencies 3. Monitors test results and recognizes when tests need to be repeated, and discusses with higher authority 4. Maintains equipments assigned to him with appropriate logs, Q.C, precision, linearity of tests as needed. 5. Notes instrument or test failures and bring it to the notice of superiors 6. Labels all reagents with date of receipt, expiry, and date opened and initials. 7. Indents for supplies monthly, checks supplies weekly 8. Disposes waste in accordance with waste disposal plan. 9. Maintains punctuality, discipline and politeness and cordial work environment. 10. Follows universal safety precautions while handling samples 11. Trains the trainee lab technician in performing the laboratory procedures. 12. Ensures that the quality standards are adopted in their department and informs the higher authority in case of any deviations. 13. Any other work as assigned by superiors from time to time Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Lab Technician/Medical Technician/Lab Staff Keyskills component seperation cross matching Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lifecell International Private Ltd(Asia Cryo-Cell) Established in 2004, LifeCell is India's first and largest stem cell bank, enjoying the trust of over 1,00,000 parents who have banked their children's stem cells with the company. With state-of-the-art laboratories at Chennai & Gurgaon and a network spread over 150 service centers in the country & footprints in GCC countries, LifeCell is also the most recommended stem cell bank by gynaecologists. The company is also the most accredited stem cell bank with certifications from national and international organizations for standards. LifeCell is also the only player in the industry providing comprehensive stem cell solutions including menstrual stem cell banking, R&D and point-of-care stem cell therapy for orthopedic, vascular and cardiovascular specialties. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details