TITLE: Urgent Opening-scientific Project Manager-fresher-kolkota/bangalore

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greeting from R2R Consultants!!! We have excellent opportunity with an leading Health care Industry.. MD Pharmacology Freshers only ApplyÂ Job Location- Kolkota/Bangalore Job Designation- Scientific project manager Job Description. Participate in set up, oversight and follow-up of assigned clinical studies/medical projects, ensuring that the studies are carried out in accordance with all relevant processes and procedures Assist relationships and advance the scientific credibility of the Company with established and emerging Regional/National Opinion Leaders (OL). Respond to requests for scientific/medical information and provide key scientific information updates to Regional and National OLs, as appropriate. Develop/maintain key scientific knowledge that enable credible dissemination of scientific information, informed scientific dialogue with physicians/OLs and development of professional working relationships Ensure compliance with all applicable national laws & regulations, guidelines, codes of conduct, Abbotts policies & procedures, and accepted standards of best practice PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES - EXAMPLES KEY CUSTOMERS Provide scientific and technical support for, and help maintain professional and credible relationships with, key OLs/ academic centres to ensure access to current medical/scientific information on the products/areas of therapeutic interest. Assist in initiation, oversight and follow up of assigned clinical studies/medical projects initiated within the relevant TA (e.g. post marketing clinical activities such as registry/database projects, epidemiological surveys, post-authorization studies (phase IV), IIS projects, etc.). Note: all activities to comply with applicable local laws, guidelines, codes of practice, SOPs, and GPRD SOPs. Maintain contacts with physicians and OLs of the assigned geographic area in order to satisfy their needs for scientific knowledge in the therapeutic area and, where requested, Abbott drugs/products the SPM carries responsibility for. Deliver credible presentations on scientific matters to physicians, individually or in groups (meetings, clinical sessions, etc.), where requested. Internal Clinical Research Manager Clinical Operations Manager Medical Advisers/Managers Marketing department of the therapeutic area Sales organization of the geographic area of responsibility. Administrative personnel of the Medical Department and of the Business Unit. Pharmacovigilance Unit of the Affiliate. Medical Information Service. IMD/GPT/GSS/MBO Personnel Participate in the selection process to identify appropriately qualified physicians the Company would wish to engage in collaborative efforts such as potential research collaborations, or lecture/meeting support (Round Tables, Congresses, Symposia, etc.); and to ensure a high level of scientific or educational integrity in these collaborative efforts. Develop awareness and understanding of competitor issues/intelligence for example, product strategies, studies, commercial messages, positioning, etc and communicate, where appropriate, within the Company. External Healthcare personnel of the medical area in which the SPM performs his or her functions (physicians, nurses, pharmacists) Participating Research Investigators Opinion leaders Institutions and Scientific or Medical Societies Attend relevant Scientific Societies meetings/Conferences, and develop summaries of key messages for use within the Company such as key areas of scientific/company interest, new trends in diagnosis, monitoring & treatments in the TA, etc. AUTHORITY / REPORTING LINES LOCATION Upon request, assist physicians appropriately direct requests for access to Company products on a named patient or compassionate use basis, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements Support sales/marketing/internal team areas to develop their scientific and technical expertise through the delivery of scientific update presentations. Provide KOLs & internal medical/clinical teams with scientific/technical support for publications of scientific/ medical interest. Ensure up to date knowledge of products uses and external data. Perform administrative duties in a timely manner as assigned. Reports to a Medical Manager (or equivalent) of an assigned Therapeutic Area Typically this function is field (remote to office) based REQUIRED CORE COMPETENCIES / ATTRIBUTES - EXAMPLES REQUIRED MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE AREAS Adaptability Maintains effectiveness when experiencing major changes in work tasks or the work environment; adjusts effectively to work within new work structures, processes, requirements, or cultures. Considers change or new situations as opportunities for learning and growth. Perseveres when encountering adversity. When confronted with a problem or crisis, considers alternatives and then takes timely action. Effectively prioritizes work tasks. Initiative Takes prompt action to accomplish objectives; is proactive. Maintains a strong focus on internal and/or external customers. Continuously monitors relevant information, key issues and/or trends. Proactively seeks feedback and adapts behavior to improve performance. Demonstrates a willingness to learn new aspects of the business. Solid knowledge of pharmaceutical industry Knowledge of the scientific methods applied to clinical research and the current legislative/regulatory controls. Keen interest in developing and maintaining expert knowledge for assigned therapeutic area/product and in medical research in general REQUIRED PERSONAL / TECHNICAL SKILLS Innovation Generates innovative solutions in work situations; tries different and novel ways to deal with work problems and opportunities. Uses best practice and benchmark data to increase organizational performance. Identifies opportunities to improve efficiencies and red uce costs. Integrity Firmly adheres to codes of conduct and ethical principles. Exhibits honesty. Presents information accurately and completely. Keeps commitments to work colleagues and customers. Acknowledges and responds constructively to failure and mistakes. Team work / collaboration Works effectively and cooperatively with others; establishes and maintains good working relationships with internal and external partners to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals. Helps others achieve shared goals. Demonstrates a willingness to listen without interrupting. Open to diverse and different ideas. High customer orientation Excellent skills to set stake-holders relationship, networking, tact and diplomacy Strong commitment to compliance with the relevant rules and procedures, and to scientific quality and integrity A good understanding of written English * Where these fall within area of responsibility Candidates from Pan India can apply Kindly revert me back with your update resume Email Id: recruiter3@r2rconsults.com Qualification -Â MD Pharmacology(Fresher) Regards, Nitya Nair R2R Consults Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Clinical Research Associate/Scientist Keyskills MD Pharmacology Medical advisor Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate, MBBS - Medicine PG:Medical-MS/MD - Any Specialization, Pharmacology Company Profile: R2R Consultants Leading health Care Indusrtry R2R is driven by active partnerships with industry bodies and customers with unparalleled domain knowledge. R2R's Customised Approach in deploying these solutions supports clients with best fit solutions to match up to their requirements. Clients can expect to Stay Ahead in their businesses by partnering with R2R. We not only understand the domain and "talk the language" but also can help our customers to get aligned with industry initiatives! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details