TITLE: .Net Developers with Asp.net, MVC, Javascript,c#

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently hiring .Net developers to work on product development for a major healthcare client, based in the US. The candidate needs to have 2-5 years of experience in developing .Net applications and will be primarily responsible for designing and developing applications using the .Net framework. Should have excellent analytical and technical skills and be able to work independently or as a part of a team. Should have good English skills (spoken & written) and be capable of interacting with the client effectively. Should be independently able to perform just-in-time testing and be familiar with Agile Scrum methodology. Candidates who can join in a short notice will be given preference. A snapshot of the technical skill set is as below, Language : ASP.Net, C# Framework : MVC, REST API, nHibernate Scripting Language & Tools : Javascript, JQuery, JSON, AJAX Server : web/application server experience. Cloud environment would be an advantage Database : SQL Server 2008/2012. Work location Nandanam, Chennai Office Timings 12pm-9pm Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Asp.Net Mvc Nhibernate Ajax .Net Framework Json Jquery C# Javascript Sql Server Rest Mvc Architecture Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Telliant India Development Office Telliant is an Atlanta & Chennai based global full service software development organization with a commitment to best practices. Our highly experienced team has assisted several customers in developing and deploying mission critical software applications. Telliant provides a range of IT services including application development, software testing and performance analysis and tuning. We provide services in several software platforms including Java/J2EE, Microsoft .NET and a variety of open source technologies including Linux, PHP, MySQL etc. Telliant works with our clients using several engagement models including dedicated offshore model, turn-key projects and onsite services and several hybrid models based on what suits the customer best. We also serve several industry segments such as banks and financial services companies, insurance, social media and healthcare industries among others. Our Chennai office is located in the heart of Nandanam with easy access to public transportation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details