TITLE: Rating Approver - Mortgages Loans (lap) - Chennai

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Maintain Internal ratings for the Retail segment of the bank under the IRB approach of BASEL II norms. - Evaluate and monitor the performance of the companies and proposals for segments allocated and prepare a note on the same. - Analyzing financial statements & other financial data like bank statements to understand the past and future business and financial risk profile for the clients and identify the key risk drivers on the same. - Monitoring portfolio performance for stress indicators and recommend suitable rating actions and highlight key risk factors to the credit team. - Industry presentations evaluating sector performance and rating movement at a portfolio level. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 7,50,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Credit/Control Manager Keyskills Credit credit rating analyst rating analyst Credit Rating rating research analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Ltd was promoted in the year 1994 by the premier housing finance company of the country, HDFC Ltd. The Bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995. Today the Bank has a nationwide network of over 2000 branches and 5624 ATMs spread over 996 towns and cities across India The Banks American Depository Shares (ADS) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) are listed on Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Bank has been bestowed with numerous awards and accolades from top national and international agencies & magazines. HDFC Bank comprises of a dynamic and enthusiastic team determined to accomplish the vision of becoming a World-class Indian bank. Our business philosophy is based on our four core values - Customer Focus, Operational Excellence, Product Leadership and People. We believe that the ultimate identity and success of our bank will reside in the exceptional quality of our people and their extraordinary efforts. We are committed to hiring, developing, motivating and retaining the best people in the industry The Bank's objective is to build sound business franchises across distinct businesses so as to be a preferred provider of banking services for target retail and wholesale customer segments. We are committed to healthy growth in profitability while ensuring the highest levels of ethical standards, professional integrity, corporate governance and regulatory compliance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details