TITLE: Mainframe Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Hi, We have 5 more position open for Mainframe Developer with CMM Level 5 Company Skill: Mainframe Developer (DB2) Years of Exp: 2-4 Years Work Location: Chennai Candidates Current Location: Anywhere in India Desired Candidate Profile: Good Communication Skills. Minimum 2 years of experience as Mainframe Developer. Should have sound knowledge in mainframes, COBOL,DB2, VSAM, JCL, CICS. Must have worked from IT Industry. Let me know your interest with the following details: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month: Notice Period: (NOTE: Only immediate joiners and not working candidates are preferred. Interested candidates can share your resume with poornima.v@asapinfosystems.com) Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Mainframe Developer DB2 COBOL JCL VSAM CICS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd TOP MNC ASAP Quick Facts: o ASAP is one of the largest IT staffing firm with 10,000+ hires in last 15 years for top tier blue chip clients. o Offices in 4 cities in India and 1 in office USA o Employee spread across 18 geographies in India o Employees converted to direct hire - 60% o Current monthly hiring - 75+ IT Professionals o Currently 500+ Service Employees This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, do you enjoy working on some of the toughest software problems while growing as a senior technology professional? Do you believe that software products must operate 24/7 without failure? Can you implement an engineering discipline that embodies "failure is not an option" approach? Then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of permanent Employment with ASAP Info systems, and the employee will be deployed at one of our client location. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details