TITLE: Business Development Executive, Senior Business Development Executive

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Demand Generation 1. Do market research and create calling database 2. Maintaining the call feedback of all prospects 3. Meet or exceed all targets set by the Manager Â Tele Sales / Cold Calling 1. Make quality calls and provide information about our company services 2. Initiate interest on our services to the prospects 3. Set up meetings for the respective manager for second level calls 4. Participate in calls along with the manager and follow up with the prospects Â Reporting 1. Record all conversations for further follow ups 2. Inform managers on all market intelligence gathered during all calls Â Targets 1. To achieve daily call volume targets 2. To achieve weekly / monthly lead generation targets. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Business Development Lead Generation Cold Calling inside sales it sales international sales US SALES UK SALES EUROPE SALES america sales usa sales europe business development europe selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DataTracks Services Limited DataTracks India: is owned by DataTracks Services Limited (www.datatracksglobal.com), formerly TaurusQuest Services Private Limited has rich experience in accounting and in XBRL technology is a recognized vendor for converting regulatory filings into XBRL format for filing with SEBI or the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. DataTracks offers XBRL conversion service by using: XBRL software that has been developed by DataTracks. Accountants in global locations of DataTracks who are experts in preparation of regulatory filings (with a track record of more than 100,000 filings in US and Europe) with a deep insight into various accounting taxonomies including IFRS, and India GAAP. The process by which XBRL documents are prepared is certified to conform to ISO 9001:2008 quality management standards and ISO 27001:2013 Information Security management standards Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details