TITLE: Senior Hardware/network Engg

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this -Manage and perform L1/L2 administration tasks -Manage and perform administration tasks on Backup App. -Monitoring of application and servers. -Work on application and server related alerts. -Troubleshoot application server related issue; analyse and debug logs. -Able to up skill herself/himself as per business requirement. -Coordinate with vendor in case of support required. -Prepare reports as per business requirement. -Prepare technical documents as and when required. -Execute the task within desired SLA -Participate in projects when assigned. -Firmware upgrade in the server environment -Installation & configuration of Terminal Server -Maintain and monitor all network, security and computer systems to meet the organization's current and future requirements -Monitor systems and identify performance issues proactively -Work within strict time frames and elevate incidents within defined timeframes -Test all changes to networks, hardware, software, and hosted applications -Resolve issues and prepare status reviews and reports Maintain the necessary project plans and documentation of all system builds and modifications -Interact and coordinate with vendors, suppliers, distributors and contract consultants -Maintain good working relationships with all service providers and vendor to ensure that services received meet expected requirements of contract. -Suggesting & planning for future development of IT systems. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Agriculture / Dairy Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills Network Engineering hardware engineering Desired Candidate Profile Diploma/Bsc/BE ComputersÂ with 3-4 years experience Skills Required:Â PC Hardware, Networking, Software Installation Server Hardware/MaintenanceOptional Skills:Â Knowledge / experience on VM WareOnly Bangalore candidates would be considered Company located in Mysore Road, Bidadi.Company Transport provided.Candidates residing in Rajarajeshwarinagar, Vijayanagar, Yeshwanthpur, West of Chord Road, NagarabhaviÂ preferred. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Diploma - Computers, B.Sc - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Namdhari Seeds Private Ltd. Namdhari Seeds Pvt. Ltd., is a Breeder, Producer, Distributor for quality vegetable seeds. We are committed to development of high quality vegetable varieties with better yield, disease resistance and adaptability to various agro climatic conditions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details