TITLE: Director/partner - Cyber Risk Practice - Big4

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business development Our clients intend to strategically build a significant IT Risk presence in India by leveraging its strong global reputation and existing client relationships. The primary target client base will be large multinational and national organizations. A key aspect of the role is to aid in the profitable growth of the Cyber Risk practice in India. One of the key responsibilities in this regard would be to - Leverage Client's internal network as well as his own existing professional network to build and sustain a strong client base. - Create opportunities to up sell as well as to create innovative service offerings for target clients. This aspect of the role would be associated with a sales target. - lead key client relationships - Build thought leadership - Design demand generation programs - To keep up to date with global, national and regional developments in the risk space and shares this knowledge with others in the firm Also acts as an ambassador of the firm and actively seek for the wider role of the firm. This aspect of the role would be associated with a cross sales target. Engagement delivery - Carry out oversight to deliverables to ensure high quality execution and maintain profitability of engagement - Champion technical expertise and provide robust advice to clients, manage conflicts and create processes to improve service delivery efficiency to clients. This aspect of the role would be associated with a revenue target. - Provide insight/advice on engagement specific matters to C-level executives - Deliver concept presentations and audit finding presentations to Audit committees \ as well as the Board. People Management - To contribute to the identification, development and management of talent for the practice. - To apply best practice in applying their area of expertise across the business through well-developed internal networks. - Build skill enhancement programs to ensure delivery teams are upto date with latest best practices and methodologies - Provide insight and guidance to delivery teams during engagement planning stage and execution stage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills People Management Service Delivery Development Management IT Risk Deliver Concept Presentation audit finding presentation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Experience Requirements- The applicant must be a MBA/CA from a reputed institute- Total experience of at least 15 years.- Must have worked at least 7 years in the domains of Cyber Risk Strategy, Cybersecurity, Identity & Access Management, Privacy and Information Protection, Resilience, Cyber Analytics, and Managed Security Services.Soft skill Requirements- Proven people management capability and leadership skills.- An ability to drive informed decisions in a decisive manner, being commercially savvy and transparent at all times.- Entrepreneurial mindset, ability to lead from the front and should have operational excellence.- Should have good communications skills with the ability to effectively interact with internal and external stakeholders.- Strong interpersonal and influencing skills, coupled with a hands-on, involved and visible leadership approach.- Should have strong ethical values and operate with the highest levels of integrity in the marketplace. Company Profile: GIPS Management & Personnel Consultants Our Client 's (The Big 4 Consulting Firms) Cyber Risk practice is highly ranked by global industry analysts and delivers broad based advisory, consulting, and implementation services .Our clients require a senior professional in the Mumbai practice to build and expand the breadth and scope in its Cyber security services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details