TITLE: Senior Software Development Engineer (SDE II) @ Amazon

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In case your profile is short listed, you might be called for an in-person interview at our HYDERABAD, BANGALORE, CHENNAI, DELHI office in the next few days. Hence, please send across your updated resume with the below requested details to sanjaysa@amazon.com at the earliest. Amazon has come a long way since opening on the World Wide Web in July 1995. Today, we operate retail websites in multiple countries across geographies, offering products in many categories (books, media, digital, electronics etc.) worldwide, and we still like to work hard, have fun and make history! The Amazon.com brand has become synonymous with a superior level of convenience, selection, low prices, and customer service. We have over 130 million active customers as of 2010. Software Development Engineers Worldwide Transportation Engineering @ Hyderabad, India Amazons global fulfillment network enables any merchant in any of the geography ship items that you order on Amazon, to any place on earth. There are a variety of ways in which we can acquire items from vendors to our warehouses, ship items from one location to another, and several intermediate locations through which the package travels before reaching the customer. There are millions of such packages, each with different attributes, and different delivery requirements. What results is a highly dense graph of source, intermediate and destination nodes, with arcs between them representing possible paths for packages, with different costs and times along each arc. Accounting for all these constraints, and maximizing the number of shipments shipped, while minimizing cost, providing a variety of delivery options and maximizing delivery performance is Transportation Engineering's primary focus. In 2006, Amazon started building Technology teams at Hyderabad to support the growth in the global fulfillment and transportation network. We have built a world class Software engineering team which is focused on solving some of the complex problems in worldwide Transportation using workflows, optimization algorithms, machine learning systems etc. These are large scale distributed systems handling millions of packages being shipped through our network We are looking for software engineers with 6+ years of solid Software engineering experience involving solving complex problems. They will get to work on some of the key initiatives planned to support our rapid evolution and growth of the transportation network and in the process solve some of the most challenging problems. These engineers will provide the technical leadership to the team, drive best practices, mentor other engineers and drive continuous improvements in engineering excellence. Internal job description Basic qualifications Key Responsibilities include:- Ability to design and code right solutions starting with broadly defined problems, Drive best practices and engineering excellence Development of code in Java/C++ and build large scale robust distributed systems Candidates for this role must have: 6+ years experience building successful production software systems A solid grounding in Computer Science fundamentals (based on a BS or MS in CS or related field) Experience developing software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++,Python) and open-source technologies (Linux, Spring, Hibernate) Proven ability to work in a fast paced, agile and in an ownership and results oriented culture. Salary:INR Competitive Salary, Relocation Benefits, Stock Units (rsu), World Class Benefits Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C C++ Java Python Perl ruby rails Data Structures Algorithms HLD LLD oops concepts Oo Programming Computer vision design patterns Data Extraction Algorithms Distributed Computing Machine Learning Software Designing C# .Net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Computers, Electronics, Maths PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Computers, Maths, MBA/PGDM - Information Technology Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required, Ph.D - Computers Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Amazon Development Centre India Private Limited Amazon has come a long way since opening on the World Wide Web in July 1995. Today, we operate retail websites in multiple countries across geographies, offering products in many categories (books, media, digital, electronics etc.) worldwide, and we still like to work hard, have fun and make history! The Amazon.com brand has become synonymous with a superior level of convenience, selection, low prices, and customer service. We have over 130 million active customers as of 2010. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details