TITLE: IOS Developer (1-4 yrs)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience with ios,objective c and coca touch,swift Experience working with ios frameworks such as core Data,core animation,case graphics and core text. Minimum 1+yrs in native mobile application development. Fundamentals in object oriented design,data structure,algorithm design and problem solving. proficiency in objective c. Experience with third party libraries and APIS. Proficiency with memory management- Mannual and Automatic.(MRR and or ARC) Excellent debugging skills using GDB and Xcode Experience building complex iPhone and iPad Apps that have been successfully delivered to customers Ability to quickly prototype ideas Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Have published one or more iOS apps in the app store Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 3,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Objective C IOS cocoa touch xcode Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job Description above Company Profile: Refulgence Inc Pvt Ltd Refulgence Inc Pvt Ltd http://www.refulgenceinc.com Refulgence was founded in 2004, in Singapore and so far the journey has been exciting and fruitful.With the business head office in Singapore and a technical hub in Chennai.We offer a wide range of IT services such as Web development, Desktop application development, Mobile application development, Consulting, Multimedia and Infrastructure support services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details