TITLE: Java/j2ee Developer - Mongodb/nosql

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum Qualifications AND Experience Level: - "Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field. - Should possess a minimum of 4 years of experience in Java development. - Should be proficient in Java J2EE technologies - Must have a good experience in developing web applications in the java world. - Knowledge in Apache Tomcat and deployment environment would be added advantage. - JSP / Servlets, - Web Frameworks like Struts / Spring - ORM-Hibernate, - JSON, XML - Web Technologies like HTML, CSS, Javascript and Jquery - MongoDB/NoSQL - Develop web applications using Java J2EE and NoSQL database. - Application Support and maintenance. - To work on bug fixes/issues that arise in the production environment and resolve them. Responsibilities: - Analyze the requirements, develop, test & deploy the application - Maintain the code base for the projects that are assigned - Provide continuous support to the applications developed - Communicate to your peers and managers promptly as and when required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java JSP Servlets Struts Spring J2Ee Apache Tomcat HTML Javascript JSON XML CSS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum Qualifications AND Experience Level:- Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field.- Should possess a minimum of 6 years of experience in Java technology.- Should be technically sound enough and strong in Java J2EE implementations and knowledge in MongoDB/NoSQL is essential.- Must have a good experience in managing a team of resources and guide the project from technical standpoint.- Should possess good Communication & Presentation skills.- JSP / Servlets- Web Frameworks like Struts / Spring- ORM-Hibernate,- Service Oriented Architecture / Web Services - SOAP / Rest- JSON, XML- Web Technologies like HTML, CSS, Javascript and Jquery- MongoDB/NoSQL- To lead a team of java resources and develop web applications using Java J2EE and NoSQL database.- To design the application, do code review and own the application code base.Responsibilities:- To own the entire code base from technical stand point.- Do data modeling, analyze the requirements, design, develop, test & deploy the application.- Manage & guide the team, do Code Review,- To handle the conf. calls with both internal and external clients.- Communicate to your peers and managers promptly as and when required. Company Profile: InSource Corp LLP Leading Client of InSource Corp LLP Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details