TITLE: Process Officer NZ Study

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a Process Officer you will work as the team member of a New Zealand based Licensed Immigration Adviser (LIA). Under the LIA's guidance and supervision you will: Prospect and contact eligible candidates for study to New Zealand. Provide process related information to prospective clients. Â Co-ordinate with registered clients and guide them through the process. Keep in touch with clients and prepare them for a life in New Zealand. Come to work with a smile, enjoy each day and change lives for the better! Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Performance based incentives along with salary Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Counselor Keyskills New Zealand Immigration Career Counselling Education Counseling Customer Servicing Visa Processing Visa Filing Recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required This is a perfect WORK FROM HOME job for capable and YOUNG MOTHERS if you are a young, educated lady who would love to telecommute and be part of a dynamic team working across cities in India and New Zealand. This job is ideal for young mothers who want to work from home to take care of their kids. The company respects the challenges of young mothers and supports them.You are expected to be well-versed with New Zealand Education System, admission and visa processes along with NZ Student visa policies. You will also need to have the minimum equipment (details below) to operate a home office.Â Â We seek classy, highly motivated, proactive people to deliver the desired results. This job is highly customer service driven and needs people with the right attitude and ethics. A detailed training is provided before commencement of the role.This is a full-time, salary+incentive position working Mon-Sat (9.30 am-6pm) and be available to answer those one-off calls from certain clients during non-office hours. You must have an eye for detail in documentation and an urge to do things perfectly. You must be process driven and have adherence to formats. We are a group of people who have fun and love to work together, respect each other's strengths with ONE goal of providing the best service/advice to our clients and we expect the same from our new talent. Home office requirement:Noise free office space.Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are not compatible) Headset.Web camera if using a desktop.Multi-function device - Print, Scan and Copy.High speed broadband internet (bill will be paid by company).Back-up internet via mobile 3G incase of loss of broadband connectivity.Back-up power via inverter or UPS for incase of power-cuts.Mobile phone to utilise for work calls (bill will be paid by company). Company Profile: Freelancer - Mary Faustina Joseph AJV Migration Ltd In true Kiwi style, we are a small and highly effective company promoting New Zealand as a destination. With the head office based in New Zealand, this company is owned and operated by a Fully Licensed Immigration Adviser. We are passionate ambassadors for everything New Zealand and are fully committed to the economic and social development of New Zealand and that tikanga (customs and traditions of the Maori) is respected. We seek to work with clients who will contribute to New Zealand's growth while enjoying an exceptional lifestyle in this Pacific Paradise. We offer a comprehensive New Zealand migration experience through the whole cycle - from enquiry to settlement. We strive to be more than the average migration advisory and are constantly creating new services for our clients to ensure a complete package. We offer our employees a career progression plan that includes moving to New Zealand permanently with their family. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details