TITLE: Sr Executive_security

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Profile Organisational Background Information Role title Senior Executive - Security Logistics Security Corporate Division Overall Role Purpose Development and coordination of division-wide security policies and standards in the respective region (Sub Region South) level for security and Loss Prevention. Reports to Head Security Scope of Role:- Specific Role context Adapts to the global security program of the respective country organization and directs its implementation by the country management . Specific Role Challenges Exclusive security advisor for country management in the respective Region. This position and the activities involved are very strongly focused on supply chain security, i.e. meeting the business divisions requirements Supporting to 33 W/Hs, Accountabilities Key activities Overall goals / Typical measures Customer - business roles: External - functional roles: Internal Actively co-ordinates and assists M&S in advice for security related matters (e.g. bids) Tunes and adapts the provided security concept to meet external and internal clients security requirements for the South Region Responsible for implementation of security awareness training of the staff in the South Region. To sell security as a value-add service and to help in gaining / retaining business Preventing losses and thus leveraging companys profitability. Leveraging workforces awareness in security and hence tighten operational procedures (quality enhancement by implementation of best practice) Process Assists in setting up business contingency plans on country management level. Implements and adapts security requirements for sub-contractors in cooperation with Operations and Procurement. Advises local management / procurement regarding technique (physical security for new buildings, reconstruction, and extension). Assists local management when security incidents occurred and supervises the implementation of agreed corrective actions to close identified gaps. Executes and manages security audits, risk assessment and investigations throughout the whole supply chain (end-to-end) and cooperates with the local law enforcements during the investigation work (single point of contact). Conducts checks and security audits of vendors (transportation partners) and their operational facilities Conducting threat assessments / risk analyses prior starting new or additional business to advise local management and customers about possible risks and according countermeasures. Develops Security SOPs and guidelines for handling of customer assets whilst in Logistics care or at its vendors and gives guidance to local management for its implementation. Assists local management in implementing the Global Incident Reporting System Ensuring business continuity in case of crisis or emergencies Ensuring that security program and its standards are implemented at transportation partners. Optimizing investments under a cost effectiveness point by using global procurement contracts and to ensure standardized physical security. Closing gaps and adapting existing security measures in place to local needs. People - Management Dotted line (supervisory role) to the Regions security nominees. Security Agency Management for proper manpower support and administrative support. Giving guidance and training of security nominees and site Managers. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Security Security Operations DSC SOPs Prevention Loses Physical Security CCTv Training Warehouse Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills / QualificationsKey capabilities High knowledge and experience of security, in particular supply chain security matters Good integrity and communication skills Analytical thinking and systematic problem solving Basic knowledge of finance and administration and Local HR and other Compliance Laws. High degree in integrity and cultural competency of the respective country Company Profile: Nexus Manpower Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Client Leading MNC Supply Chain Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details