TITLE: Walk in for Analyst at Iopex Technologies

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from iOPEX Technologies!!! Excellent opening for Analyst (candidates from any finance process are Invited) Work Location: Chennai Education: Any Graduation Salary :As per industry standard Experience: 1 to 6 Years Shift: UK Shift Job Description: --> Revenue Assurance background from telco space. --> Ability to own a product line and develop RA controls - most important. --> Responsible for identifying issues with CDR flow, rating or charging by daily review of analytics. --> Flex the level of daily analysis as required to mitigate risks, such as during systems upgrades or to monitor for recurrence of recent issues --> Use CDR level reporting to estimate impact of issues and enable prioritization. --> Impacts analysis of any billing errors and communicate / present controls and coverage summary. --> Focus on cost base, product features and production of inventory to bill reconciliations. --> Deliver incremental margins by designing and implementing controls over new areas (Conferencing, Voice, Data, Hosting, Contact Centers, JV etc) by auditing contract to bill. --> Design new solutions to understand underlying margins, and improve monthly transactional processes. --> Ability to handle varied types of Telco billing systems (geneva, cosmoss, one bill, STARs etc), Margin tools. --> Ability to identify exceptions and handle their resolutions by engaging with various stakeholders. --> Client account management for given LOB and business managers, CFOs etc.. --> Ability to work with a distributed set up of teams across locations and time zones. Candidates interested in the above position can walk-in with 2 copies of your resume to the below mentioned venue from 30th NovemberÂ 2015 till 2nd December 2015 between 11.00 AM to 6.00 PM. Contact Person : Dilliraj Sekar (Human Resource) Venue Details : iOPEX technologies, 32A & B , Ground floor,AMBIT IT Park, Ambattur Estate,Chennai 58 Thanks & Regards, Dilliraj Sekar (Human Resource) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Process Flow Analyst Keyskills Finance Commercial Management Revenue Assurance Telecom Billing Order Management telecom general ledger reconcilation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Iopex Technologies Private Limited iOPEX is a new-generation business services provider offering optimized IT management services. We are process innovators focused on extracting the best out of the investments you have already made. At iOPEX, we help you realize that golden ratio where your technology and business are in complete synergy, making your company greater than the sum of its parts. Founded in 2009, the demand for our specialized optimization services has helped us grow to over 1,300 employees in five years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details