TITLE: Walkin - Sr Support Analyst - Unix/ Linux

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: 1. Ability to understand the production incident and provide resolution. 2. Apply technical expertise of Unix and ORACLE. 3. To articulate, report and communicate effectively with Clients on incidents/problems. 4. Ability to perform in-depth Analysis of Incidents/problems to identify Root cause and Permanent Fixes. 5. Create clear and concise Knowledge documents and ensure maintenance of the same. 6. Provide guidance and support to team members . 7. Responsible for delivering project on time. 8. Ensure close working relationship with Functional and development teams. 9. Review team's work in technical design, coding, unit testing and documentations. 10. Perform staff scheduling level2 support during normal business hours and on-call supports. 11. Participate in on call rotation. 12. Co-ordinate with the L3 support teams. 13. Exhibit Flexibility in all spheres including working in shifts and Holidays. 14. No Night Shift, Early morning Shift and General Shift. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Unix Linux Oracle PL SQL Java WebSphere MF COBOL Informatica Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Shift Timings : No Night Shift, Early morning Shift and General Shift.Experience : 5 - 8 Years (4+ Relevant) Qualification:Engineering Graduate in any discipline or Masters in Information Technology.Experience Band:Overall 5 - 8 Years of IT experience of which 4 years minimum should be on Application Production Support.Skills Required:- Major working experience on Unix / Linux.- Good Knowledge on Unix/Linux and Oracle, PL/SQL, scripts.- Strong written and verbal communication skills.- Able to work in shifts and flexible hours on request.- Self-motivated, with strong ability to work both independently and with the team.- Strong Analytical skills.Preferred to have:- Knowledge on Java, WebSphere.- ITIL Certificate.- Development/ Support experience in banking platform.- Knowledge of MF COBOL, Informatica.- Working knowledge on Schedulers like TNG, Autosys.Behavioural:- Strong communication skills and ability to interact with individuals at all levels.- Strong problem analysis & resolution skills.Qualification- 15 Years of Education including valid Graduation Degree (IT Background Preferably) Company Profile: Career Infosystem leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details