TITLE: Immediate Opportunity for Java, QE Professionals - Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We have opportunities in Altimetrik, looking for Java, test automation and development professionals for few of our prominent projects in Chennai location. Altimetrik is a US based MNC company Experts in Design, Cloud, Mobile, Business and Analytics. Having office in New York City, San Francisco, Montevideo, Bangalore & Chennai. Job Description: Job Requirements BE CS or BE EE or any equivalent 4 yr. degree 3 - 10yrs. of overall testing experience with 3+ yrs. of test automation or development experience Knowledge of Object-Oriented programming principles. Strong programming skills in one of the following programming languages: o Java, C++, C, C# (preferably Java) Strong experience with design, development of test automation systems using OOPS principles. Selenium and TestNG test automation frameworks is plus Experience with web application technologies: Node.Js, JavaScript, CSS, XML and HTML. Ability to work with teams in remote locations to complete assigned tasks. Good system administration skills (Linux, Windows) knowledge in DB concepts like ORACLE SQL and PL/SQL and experiences in different RDBMs like MySQL Experience with testing and automating Restful APIs, Web Services, SOAP UI Knowledge of Operating Systems and Experience with Unix/Linux command and basic scripting knowledge is preferred Automate test cases, execute for multiple applications. Ability to work in both Agile and waterfall model Good communication skills, both verbal and written. Passionate about quality, automation, wants to make a difference. Experience with Source-code control systems, preferably GIT. Experience with Continuous Integration, preferably Jenkins Experience with Maven Â If you are interested please share your update resume for the opportunity Please note that we are looking forÂ candidates who can join us immediately and already serving notice. Â Thanks Nisha nisha.sekar@altimetrik.com Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Java Programming Java Automation Automation Selenium Webdriver Web Services API te Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Altimetrik India Pvt. Ltd About Altimetrik Altimetrik is a US based MNC company Experts in Design, Cloud, Mobile, Business and Analytics. Having office in New York City, San Francisco, Montevideo, Bangalore & Chennai. Part of Raj Vattikuti ventures, with revenues above $100 million with over 2800 professionals worldwide Created to offer SMAC* solutions to enterprise clients Has certified ISO 9001 & ISO 27001 & CMMI Level 3 locations in the US, India, Uruguay, China, Brazil and Singapore Corporate Plus member of National Minority & Supplier Development Council Focused on customer satisfaction: most of our business is repeat and our engagements span multi-years, some going over a decade Projects delivered using our rapid 60-90 day process and Agile Methodology Service Offering Point solutions integrating two or more of the following competencies Mobile Cloud and social media SAP Web (.Net/JAVA) Analytics and Business Intelligence * SMAC = Social, Mobile, Analytics, Cloud Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details