TITLE: SEPG Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Skills: BS Computer Science from Reputed UniversityÂ Industry Experience 5/10 yearsÂ Expertise in S/W Engineering process (Requirements; Configuration; Design; Verification; Project Management and related tools;) & methodologies (CMMI, Agile, SDLC, TQM, Test Management, PMP, etc.) Experience in process implementation in the Organization o Leading process improvement in the Organization o Assessment Team member of success CMMI 5 assessment o Six Sigma Black Belt o CMMI process training o Gap Analysis o CMMI v1.2, ISO 9001:2008; ISO 27001; o Quality control & Audit 3+ years of QA Experience (Test Plan, Test Cases Unit, Module, System, Test, Integration Test, Test Data) Testing Methodology experience. Test Plan and Test Case Development experience Ability to analyze technical detailed design documents and pull out test scenarios and required test data 2+ years of Oracle database experienceÂ 2+ years of experience with QA automation tools (Selenium, LoadRunner, etc).Â 1+ yrs of Performance and Load testing experience Full Development Lifecycle experience (Detailed Design, Code, and Test) Experience on both MS and Linux/Unix. 2+ Experience in Configuration & Change Management Experience is developing/implementing processes Experience in Estimating methodologies. Excellent written and verbal communications skills in the English languageÂ Excellent ability to work with customer oriented teams consisting of business and or technical personnel to accurately, efficiently and effectively communicate test cases. NICE TO HAVE: MBA Software development experience Worked on multiple technologies (Java/J2EE, Microsoft, Java components, web components, Open source, client server, Migration, Conversion projects.) If you think you have the required skills for this position, please send us your updated resume (WORD format) and our recruiters will be in touch with you at the earliest. While replying to the jobs please do mention "SEPG Lead" in the subject line. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills SEPG cmm metrics six sigma black belt QAI Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Computers PG:MCA - Computers, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Computer Enterprises Inc - CEI Assessed at CMMi Level 5 - CEI is a Dynamic, Financially Stable, Award-Winning Strategy, Technology Architecture and Software Consulting Company. - CEI has been named three times consecutively to both the Inc. 500 list of America's fastest growing companies and the Smart 100 list of America's most innovative IT service providers. - CEI prides itself on staying ahead of the technology innovation curve and is an Active Partner to some of the market's best technology innovators, including Microsoft (Gold), IBM and Documentum. - CEI has been trusted by 62% of the Fortune 50 companies and over 50% of the Fortune 500 companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details