TITLE: Walk-in on 26.11.2015 & 27.11.2015 - with CSS Corp Chennai

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good Communication Skills Navigate through operating system options for exploring, peripherals attached, volume controls etc. Theoretical understanding of windows operating system architecture. Configure networks for wired and wireless, install applications. System performance observation. Assisting users through navigating over the options within the operating system. Theoretical understanding of kernel level Troubleshoot in cloud management Monitors all servers and alerts . Raise tickets and keep track with it . Verifies all alerts for monitored websites . Monitors performance of all servers Knowledge on AWS cloud and ITIL, adds advantage to the candidate. Venue Details: CSS Corp Pvt Ltd B-14 Phase 1, MEPZ - SEZ Tambaram Chennai - 600 045 Contact Person: Vandhana Krishnamoorthy Timing: 10.00 AM to 01.00 PM Salary:INR Best in the Industry Standards Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Communication Skills Server Monitoring ITIL Process Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CSS Corp Private Limited CSS Corp is a leading technology company supporting enterprise and consumer products, managing IT infrastructure and deploying networks. We partner with many of the Fortune 1000 companies to help realize their strategic business outcomes and be future-ready. Our expertise and in-depth understanding of the enterprise & consumer product space, along with proven pedigree in Infrastructure Management, help customers increase revenues, optimize costs, enhance IT availability and business efficiency, to more than 100+ customers worldwide. Our R&D arm, CSS Corp Innovation Labs designs and develops products and IP, creates platforms and solutions to accelerate IT transformation and enable faster go to market for customers. Our three lines of business include Tech support, infra support & carrier and network support. Technology support is in our DNA With over 5,500 technology professionals across 13 locations globally, we have a rich heritage of 14+ years in managing large and complex support ecosystems. From home devices, whether its enterprise or consumer, datacenters, applications and desktops to services, we have built our reputation on delivering stellar customer experiences. Because we chart the right support strategy, deploy the right processes and technology to enable it, and then execute impeccably - every day and every interaction. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details