TITLE: Android Developer / Lead - Aspire Systems - Saturday 28th NOV

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Aspire systems ! Are you passionate about mobile application development? - Interested in increasing your title/responsibilities, please read on! Minimum Required Skills: 3+ years of Android development with JAVA Excellent understanding of OOP and its main principals Understanding of Android Design Principles Experience with Android APIs We are currently looking for Android Developer / Lead for our Chennai centre. Position Designation: SE /SSE / Lead Years of experience: 3 to 7 years Top Reasons to Work with Us: Aspire Systems is a software development services company Fastest-growing technology service providers in the world. Deloitte Technology Fast 50 in India Voted as GREAT PLACE TO WORK FOR in India for the last 6 years (2010,11,12,13,14,15) WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: In a nutshell you will build out our mobile based applications with an emphasis on UI and Architecture for Android. Interacting within team, you will iterate new features and designs in our existing applications as well as contribute to apps for the future. WHAT YOU NEED: Min 3+ years of Android development with JAVA Excellent understanding of OOP Competency in mobile architecture and main principalsUnderstanding of Android Design Principles Android SDK Please apply directly to by clicking Click Here to Apply or email us @ siddhartha.murthy@aspiresys.com with your Word resume along with following details to! Total Years of Exp: Notice Period: Current CTC (Fixed & Variable): Expected CTC: Current Company: Current Designation: Current location: Email: Mobile: Availability on 28th NOV 2015 (Saturday): (Yes or NO) Shortlisted candidates will receive a call or mail for the further interview process. Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. Regards HR Team Aspire sytems Sipcot Siruseri Salary:INR Best in Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aspire Systems India (P) Ltd Aspire Systems is a global technology services firm serving as a trusted technology partner for our customers. We work with some of the world's most innovative enterprises and independent software vendors, helping them leverage technology and outsourcing in our specific areas of expertise. Our core philosophy of 'Attention. Always.' communicates our belief in lavishing care and attention on our customers and employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details