TITLE: Medical Records Coder Speclst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role overview: Be a SME for all coding specialties like E/M, radiology, anesthesia and should possess good communication skills. Should possess active certification from AAPC with minimum 5 years of coding experience Role Responsibilities: ? Act as a highly skilled specialist in one or more specialties in coding ? Should train people on new automation process when there is business requirement ? Responsible for coordinating and executing coding staff development through training on automation tool. ? Should do an audit for any test files received in automation process. ? Competency and training programs should be established and maintained to ensure the coders quality accurately reflects good improvement in tool development. ? Develop and manages process document shared in relate to tool development. ? Should aassists and collaborates with the Coding Managers for all aspects of automation process assists with projects, testing and new implementation. ? Develops and applies specialized knowledge within own discipline o Deepens knowledge through exposure to new assignments and continuous learning ? Applies research, information gathering and analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope. o Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity in coding ? Understands and applies principles, concepts, theories, technologies and standards of professional field. ? Good working knowledge and demonstrated ability utilizing systems, tools and procedures to accomplish job. ? Builds deeper understanding of processes, procedures, customers and organization. ? Assists program or process development and implementation - Coordinates activities and processes. ? Regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment on business matters. ? Involved with local or business specific engagement initiatives in support of broader programs. ? Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work. ? When assigned to a customer team, actively participates on small to medium sized project teams in support of customer deliverables. ? Contributes to area by ensuring quality of output. Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area. ? Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise. ? Applies knowledge and understanding of customer needs and other internal/external contacts ? Mentors the coders and train them towards tool development ? Understands gaps in employee skill and organization requirements Requirements: ? Any life science graduates (BPT, nursing, medical transcription preferred) ? Minimum 5 years of coding experience required ? Strong knowledge in human anatomy and Physiology ? Willing to learn concepts quickly and develop in the area of specialization of new specialties ? Certification like CPC or CPC-H is mandatory. ? Should have very good attitude ? Flexible to work in shifts ? Understand process interdependencies ? Excellent interpersonal and communicational skills due to the nature of the work performed as a trainer. ? Should possess knowledge on ICD-10 CM ? Should have comprehensive knowledge varied coding software. ? Ability to deliver effective training ? Should able to work in automation software related to coding specialties. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills automation coding service audit sme cm procedures tools analytical standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Role overview: Be a SME for all coding specialties like E/M, radiology, anesthesia and should possess good communication skills. Should possess active certification from AAPC with minimum 5 years of coding experience Role Responsibilities: ? Act as a highly skilled specialist in one or more specialties in coding? Should train people on new automation process when there is business requirement? Responsible for coordinating and executing coding staff development through training on automation tool.? Should do an audit for any test files received in automation process.? Competency and training programs should be established and maintained to ensure the coders quality accurately reflects good improvement in tool development.? Develop and manages process document shared in relate to tool development.? Should aassists and collaborates with the Coding Managers for all aspects of automation process assists with projects, testing and new implementation.? Develops and applies specialized knowledge within own discipline o Deepens knowledge through exposure to new assignments and continuous learning? Applies research, information gathering and analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope. o Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity in coding? Understands and applies principles, concepts, theories, technologies and standards of professional field.? Good working knowledge and demonstrated ability utilizing systems, tools and procedures to accomplish job.? Builds deeper understanding of processes, procedures, customers and organization.? Assists program or process development and implementation - Coordinates activities and processes.? Regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment on business matters.? Involved with local or business specific engagement initiatives in support of broader programs.? Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work.? When assigned to a customer team, actively participates on small to medium sized project teams in support of customer deliverables.? Contributes to area by ensuring quality of output. Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area.? Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise.? Applies knowledge and understanding of customer needs and other internal/external contacts? Mentors the coders and train them towards tool development? Understands gaps in employee skill and organization requirements Requirements: ? Any life science graduates (BPT, nursing, medical transcription preferred)? Minimum 5 years of coding experience required? Strong knowledge in human anatomy and Physiology? Willing to learn concepts quickly and develop in the area of specialization of new specialties ? Certification like CPC or CPC-H is mandatory.? Should have very good attitude? Flexible to work in shifts? Understand process interdependencies? Excellent interpersonal and communicational skills due to the nature of the work performed as a trainer.? Should possess knowledge on ICD-10 CM? Should have comprehensive knowledge varied coding software.? Ability to deliver effective training? Should able to work in automation software related to coding specialties. ? Strong knowledge in human anatomy and Physiology? Willing to learn concepts quickly and develop in the area of specialization of new specialties ? Certification like CPC or CPC-H is mandatory.? Should have very good attitude? Flexible to work in shifts? Understand process interdependencies? Excellent interpersonal and communicational skills due to the nature of the work performed as a trainer.? Should possess knowledge on ICD-10 CM? Should have comprehensive knowledge varied coding software.? Ability to deliver effective training? Should able to work in automation software related to coding specialties. Company Profile: Dell For more than 26 years, Dell has empowered countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether theyre at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details