TITLE: VC++ with MFC

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, This is Jyoti from Collabera, formerly called GCI and I am writing to you with regards to an excellent job opportunity for Vc++ with MFC with one of Collabera's premier client in Chennai. Job Location Chennai Interview Location Chennai Experience 3-7 Years Job Description Strong C/C++ coding language Clear concepts on OOPS and Concepts on Design Patterns Strong in debugging and troubleshooting Exposure to development environment MS Visual Studio 6.0 and/or 2005/2008/2010 Good understanding on Quality systems and Configuration management, exposure to JIRA defect tracking and Accurev version control is added advantage Good communication and documentation skills Experience in ATE/ Semiconductor domain is an added advantage Experience in knowledge transition and reverse engineering will be added advantage Note Interview will take place on 28th November,2015 (Saturday) in Chennai. Those who can attend face to face interview in Chennai only apply for the position. No Telephonic or Skype call will happen for this. This is a Permanent Job Opportunity with our Client. If you would like to pursue this position, please reply to this e-mail and also, please attach a copy of your updated resume, in word format, elaborating your projects in tune with the client's requirement along with the following details: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Current Location: Alternate Number: Passport: Date of Birth: This will assist us in placing you with one of our clients. If you have any queries, you can contact me at the numbers mentioned below or you can e-mail me and I will call you back. Have a great day ahead. Jyoti Kumari Talent Acquisition Phone: 080-794-37708 Email: Jyoti.kumari@collabera.com Â Â Salary:INR 4,25,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Vc++ & Multithreaded Programming MFC vc++ com c++ visual c++ atl Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Established in 1991, Collabera is one of the fastest growing end-to-end information technology services and solutions companies globally. As a $440 million IT company, Collabera's client-centric business model, commitment to service excellence and Global Delivery Model enables its global 2000 and leading mid-market clients to succeed in an increasingly competitive marketplace. With over 6500 IT professionals globally, Collabera provides value-added onsite, offsite and offshore technology services and solutions to premier corporations. Over the past few years, Collabera has been awarded numerous accolades and Industry recognitions including. - Collabera listed in GS 100 - recognized for excellence and maturity - Collabera named among the Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses - Collabera listed in GS 100 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; ranked among top 10 service providers - Collabera was ranked: 32 in the Top 100 Large Businesses in the U.S 18 in Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses in the U.S 3 in the Top 100 Diversity Owned Businesses in New Jersey 3 in the Top 100 Privately-held Businesses in New Jersey 66th on FinTech 100 35th among top private companies in New Jersey Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details