TITLE: Relationship Manager - Micro loan

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We currently have an urgent requirements for Relationship Manager - Microfinance. The job details are as follows : Designation : Relationship Manager Location : Bangalore, Mysore Job Responsibilities : Timely recruitment of DSTs / FoS as per requirement / plan / budget. Regular training of DST / FoS to ensure awareness of Product Policy. Will be responsible for meeting branch / location disbursement targets month on month. Ensure that funneling activities / cold calls are being carried out by FoS. Ensure continuous flow of customer leads and logins. Ensure that customer service levels are kept in terms of response TAT and that no wrong commitments are made to the customer. Kindly share your updated resume at sharmilee.ghoshal@ext-mails.com. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,50,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills micro loan micro business loan micro bl micro bil micro personal loan micro term loan micro loan against property micro home loan micro lap microfinance nano loan Desired Candidate Profile Graduate with 1 to 5 year experience in Micro Loan Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Capital First Limited About Capital First Limited: CFL is listed on BSE and NSE (Stock Code: CFL). The company provides Mortgage loans to SMEs against pledge of property, Gold Loans to retail customers, Consumer Durable Loans, Two wheeler loans, and senior secured Wholesale loans. During the last year the company expanded its coverage to 197branches spread over 41 cities with 1200 employees. The company also added 2000 clients to its Wealth Management Business as of March 2012. The company also offers broking services for equities, F &amp; O, currency and commodities to retail and HNI customers through its subsidiary Capital First Securities Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details