TITLE: Executives/ Officers - Production - API Bulk Drugs - Chennai

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Prime responsibility : Responsible for Production Operations Job Activities 1. Responsible for Execution of Batches Safely-as per SOPs & BMR 2. Checks for QC approval before charging the Raw Materials 3. Ensure the qty of RM charged 4. Report any variations in Qty and Quality (visual) of the material charged 5. Cross verification of raw material quantities issued by stores 6. Report deviations and abnormalities in the batch immediately to superiors 7. Responsible for Housekeeping and cleaning of Production equipments. 8. Filling up of BMR 9. Recording, Equipment Logs status board and other logs pertaining to the production area 10. Getting work done from contract workmen deployed in the production area 11. Safe Disposal of used process water to ETP 12. Safe storing of hazardous waste in hazardous waste storage room 13. Packing of finished product as per the standard packing size (product wise) 14. Co-ordination with maintenance for usage of Boiler, chilling plant, cooling tower, hot oil unit, RO Plant, scrubber and Effluent treatment plant 15. Ensure compliance to Safety norms Accountability Output from the batch Quality & Quantity Recovery of Solvent used in the batch Operation without any physical loss of material and cross contaminations. Compliance to cGMP Compliance to SHE requirement Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Product Development Executive Keyskills API Production Operations Water Quality Maintenance Bulk Drugs RO Plant CGMP Effluent Treatment Plant Cooling Tower Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Chemistry, B.Tech/B.E. - Chemical, Diploma - Chemical PG:M.Tech - Chemical, M.Sc - Chemistry Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: CONFIDENTIAL A LEADING CLIENT Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details