TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Livspace is looking for well-rounded Project Managers with proven expertise and interest in residential projects. As a Project manager at Livspace, your responsibilities will range from engaging and professionally interacting with the design professionals, consultants / vendors and client while successfully directing the Installation team in safely executing the work in accordance with the design plan , schedule and budget. This individual will also need to work closely with the manufacturers, product development team and logistics team to ensure a high standard of execution and customer experience. Requirements: Strong verbal and written English communication skills, ability to convey complex ideas effectively and efficiently Minimum 2 years experience in executing residential interior design projects Strong understanding and demonstrated aptitude of basic project management principles. Extreme attention to detail and no-compromise attitude towards quality Proficiency in AutoCAD, MS Word, Excel. Excellent inter personal skills to engage effectively with client, vendors and internal teams. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills Interior Designing Design AutoCAD Ideas Detailing Residential Project Management Product Development Customer Experience Personal Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: LivSpace Livspace is a highly innovative, personalized home design and decor marketplace for homeowners. With Livspace, customers can discover thousands of interior designs for all types of rooms, personalize the design - by color, material, style - to their liking, and get the exact look for their homes in a matter of weeks. We're a design and technology first team and employ a combination of data science, algorithms, and industrial design to create unique experiences for homeowners and scale the job of interior designers. Our founding team combines world class talent and entrepreneurial experience gathered at companies like Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Amazon, Flipkart, Adobe, Myntra, and Space Matrix. We're well funded: our investors include top venture firms like Helion, Bessemer, and Jungle. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details