TITLE: Ericsson Conceptwave Tester - J35879

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Skills required 2+ years Conceptwave Order Management and Catalog experience testing experience Knowledge of integration testing of technologies/ frameworks (AXIS, SOAP, JMS, HTTP etc. ) and Integration Platforms (EAI, ESB, etc. ) Excellent knowledge of testing in BSS domain - CRM, charging, billing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Conceptwave Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA, B.Tech/B.E., B.Sc, Any Graduate, Other Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM, MCA, M.Sc, M.Tech, PG Diploma Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Experience Should Be : 4 To 6 Candidate Degree Should Be : BCA, BCS, BE-Comp/ IT, BE-Other, BSc-Comp/ IT, BSc-Other, BTech-Comp/ IT, BTech-Other, MBA, MCA, MCS, ME-Comp/ IT, ME-Other, MIT, MSc-Comp/ IT, MS-Comp/ IT, MSc-Other, MS-Other, MTech-Comp/ IT, MTech-Other, PGDM, PG-Other, PhD-Comp/ IT, PhD-Other, UG-Other Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our Client is a leading provider of IT and Engineering services with singular focus on telecommunication industry. They work with Communications Service Providers (CSPs), ISVs and NEM customers to help maximize value and reduce cost from IT and NW engineering investments. Our Client has partnered with several leading organizations in the telecom industry including Fortune 500 customers. Most of the clients are long-time customers of our Client that cite flexibility, depth in telecom and high-levels of service as the reasons for re-engaging with us. As a customer oriented organization, our Executive Leadership maintains a close relationship with customer stakeholders. The assurance provided by such accountability has resulted in converting several engagement in to long-term contracts and reference-able customers. Over 15 years, our Client has been home to telecom-savvy business, technical leaders from the market including talents from several leading OSS/BSS product vendors and System Integrators. Our Client is a CMMi Level 5, ISO: 9001 and SAS70 organization with headquarters in Chennai-India and offices in US, Europe and South Africa. Our Client is a part of 120 year old business conglomerate. With over 13000 people across 60+ locations around the world, the group has businesses in - IT Services, Healthcare, Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals, Agro-chemicals, Textiles, Apparel accessories & BPO industry. Deloitte has recognized our client as the 10th fastest growing technology company in India. According to Dataquest, Our Client is one among the top 250 IT companies in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details