TITLE: Consultant - Network Engineering (isp)

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Good day Sify seeking Network Architects for Enterprise Support across globe. Prepare formal customer requirement document, translates to business requirement, perform network design and implement the network Preparation of HLD/LLD & BOM based on Customer Requirement Joint effort with Customer team on any troubleshooting required for device discovery and data collection Ability to manage the project from initial requirement gathering, assessment to completion including design and configure Documentation of tools collected data, discovered data & Network Assessment Run White boarding discussion with Customer to collect requirements Diagnose network problems and solve issues often under limited time constraints Perform network assessment with gathering site survey details and collecting data Install network monitoring tools to discover customer network inventory and topology. Gather network performance statistics Bandwidth utilization, Device health check, IP SLA parameters (jitter, packet loss, and latency) Monitor network usage, anticipate problems and suggest solutions Perform network configuration guidelines, periodic review of security policies and network configuration Certifications: Preferred CCIE or equivalent Person holding business Visa is an advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills Network Design Network Architect Enterprise Design Network Solution Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sify Limited We are India's pioneer & leader in Internet, Networking and e-Commerce services, and the first Indian Internet company to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market in the US. We provide integrated end-to-end solutions for both corporates & consumers, with a range of products and services delivered over a common Internet backbone infrastructure. Everything that Sify has done or achieved since we began commercial operations in April 1998 stems from our Purpose and Vision. A key aspect is Sify being an enabler and catalyst of the Internet for positive change in India- a responsibility that we continue to carry. Sify began by developing India's first TCP/IP network and offering multiple services on a common backbone infrastructure for an integrated Internet, networking and eCommerce business model. This was the first such business model in the world, and appropriate for catalyzing the growth of the Internet and networking in an infrastructure starved market. It also enabled a virtuous cycle, where each business supported the other, while catalyzing the market to growth. Fortune magazine, in their December 2000 issue, selected Sify (then Satyam Infoway) as one of the world's ten hot technology companies to watch out for based on this innovative business model! From the start of commercial operations in April 1998, Sify has become the market leader in most lines of business, winning global recognition for its expertise, performance, customer focus and standards along the way. In doing this, Sify pioneered services and set standards for the Industry in diverse areas. Sify is a leader in every line of business and has won national and international recognition for both market leadership and the quality of our services. We are unmatched in Internet and network services expertise and technology, with the best tools, software and processes in the business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details