TITLE: .Net Developer with Angularjs Skills

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Define objectives by analyzing user requirements in the form of Agile User Stories; envisioning system features and functionality. Design and develop user interfaces to internet/intranet applications by setting expectations and feature priorities throughout development life cycle;Â Determine design methodologies and tool sets;Â Responsible for complete programming using languages and software products; design and conduct tests. Responsible for complete application development by coordinating requirements, schedules and activities; contributing to team meetings; troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.Â Use AngularJS expertly, constructing reusable services, models, controllers and templates. The candidate will have a demonstrable track record of building sophisticated, highly interactive web applications. Should write elegant, well tested code and can strike the right balance between writing perfect code and shipping it rapidly and iteratively. Should design and implement large projects in a self-directed fashion. Quickly assimilate the technology requirements for a project. When pointed at a target, the candidate should estimate obstacles and just make it happen usually in a way that is more awesome than originally envisioned. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills User Stories Life Cycle Web Development Web Technologies UI UX design MySQL CSS Html5 Bootstrap Github Agile tools like Jira. angularjs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Should have sound development practices and knowing how to create common routines and parameters.Sound knowledge of releasing SaaS products on the cloud Ability and knowledge of how to integrate with BE API's; UI/UX design principles;A sound knowledge of front-end development frameworks and knowing when to use the natural languages is a must;Having worked with Subscription models using payment systems like PayPal Â would be an added advantage.Good knowledge on MySQL, CSS, Html5, Bootstrap, Github, Agile tools like Jira.Excellent client facing and communication skills. Capable of juggling multiple projects and related complexities at the same time.Office Timings: 12PM to 9PM Company Profile: Telliant India Development Office Telliant is an Atlanta & Chennai based global full service software development organization with a commitment to best practices. Our highly experienced team has assisted several customers in developing and deploying mission critical software applications. Telliant provides a range of IT services including application development, software testing and performance analysis and tuning. We provide services in several software platforms including Java/J2EE, Microsoft .NET and a variety of open source technologies including Linux, PHP, MySQL etc. Telliant works with our clients using several engagement models including dedicated offshore model, turn-key projects and onsite services and several hybrid models based on what suits the customer best. We also serve several industry segments such as banks and financial services companies, insurance, social media and healthcare industries among others. Our Chennai office is located in the heart of Nandanam with easy access to public transportation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details