TITLE: Recruitment Drive for Crash Analysis on November 28th at Pune

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Responsible for FE analysis of BIW and Full Vehicle Crash Evaluations Judgment of evaluation item (OK/ Not OK) based on results Propose Cost effect and feasible counter measure to achieve performance. Support projects and method development activities Ensure the Quality and process adherence Walk-in Venue: Vivanta by Taj Blue Diamond, Pune 11 Koregaon Road Pune 411 001 Maharashtra, India Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills crash frontal or side or rear or Pedestrain full vehicle crash analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Automobile, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Automobile, Mechanical Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Automative crash CAE engineer who has good vehicle structure understanding Non-CAE Engg with very strong crash & safety phenomenon can also apply PAM(preferred), HM & Animator Company Profile: Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India Pvt Ltd M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. (RNTBCI) is a 50:50 Joint Venture Company established under the Renault Nissan alliance on 21st September, 2007. This joint venture was set up with the objective of catering to the localization needs of Renault and Nissan in various research, business and automotive technologies; also contributing to both partners' global operations in the key areas of advanced research and development, advanced CAE (Computer-Aided Engineering), product development, digital vehicle development, information systems development, Business Process Outsourcing and local and global parts sourcing. M/s. RNTBCI envisions the following: To be an alliance key asset providing to Renault and Nissan the full Indian potential for the best-in-class innovative services, processes & solutions; To grab unique opportunities in India as a virgin market for alliance brands; To provide a career path in the local and international scenario. M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. is located in a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) - Mahindra World City, Chennai; approximately 40 km from the airport and 20 km from the Renault Nissan Automotive India manufacturing plant. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details