TITLE: Microsoft Dynamics CRM - Techno Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ROLE AND DESIGNATION This position candidate should have work experience in Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The position corresponds to the designation of Techno Functional Consultant POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for providing business and application consultancy to clients. This will involve working throughout the end to end implementation process as well as the training of clients. Must understand the technical details & identify the doable & not doable quickly Assist data migration from legacy system in the respective areas Customizing Objects (Forms, Classes, Data Dictionary and Reports etc.) Must understand the functionality of Microsoft CRM Modules. Actively involved in the integration projects between Microsoft Dynamic CRM and third party products. Accountable for quality delivery. Prepare technical design document Software installation Prepare installation/ configuration document Develop data migration programs Data Migration Trouble shooting/ fixing issues Report hours spent in system This role is also responsible for: Prepare test plans Conduct tests Record test results Prepare data migration templates and hand it over to Customer Co-ordinate for data gathering/ refinement Validate migrated data Prepare functional design document Review and approve documents Co-ordinate for customer approval where required Prepare test plans Conduct tests Record test results Prepare data migration templates and hand it over to Customer Co-ordinate for data gathering/ refinement Validate migrated data REQUIRED SKILLS 8+ years of Work experience in Consulting or IT Service Industry . Minimum 6+ years of MS CRM implementation experience Must understand the functionality of Microsoft CRM Modules. Must understand the technical details & identify the doable & not doable quickly Must have minimum 5 implementation knowledge with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011/2013/2015 version. Ability to perform the performance fine tuning in production environment. Excellent interpersonal/communication skills Experience in an internal or external consulting role Ability to analyze problems Able to collaborate with team, and have a strong desire to excel. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal Good interpersonal skills Must be able to work independently as well as a team player and can manage own workload Able to work under tight deadlines Must be honest and trustworthy Be respectful Possess cultural awareness and sensitivity Be flexible Outgoing, personable, responsible, self-motivated, and confident. EDUCATION BE, BTECH, MCA or equivalent. EXPERIENCE 5 to 8 years LOCATION Location: Chennai Travel: 70% to 80% Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills MSCRM Techno Functional techno func Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required # 8+ years of Work experience in Consulting or IT Service Industry # Minimum 6+ years of MS CRM implementation experience # Must understand the functionality of Microsoft CRM Modules.# Must understand the technical details & identify the doable & not doable quickly# Must have minimum 5 implementation knowledge with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011/2013/2015 version.# Ability to perform the performance fine tuning in production environment.# Excellent interpersonal/communication skills# Experience in an internal or external consulting role Company Profile: Barry-Wehmiller International Barry-Wehmiller International Resources is a fully owned subsidiary of Barry-Wehmiller Companies, Inc, US, Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details