TITLE: Recruitment Drive for PWT / Vehicle CFD Analysis on Nov 28th at Pune

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Understanding the project requirement and planning as per schedule requirements Model building for CFD Calculation using ANSA & CATIA Identifying the new methods for process optimization Result interpretation and design recommendations based on the simulation results using STAR CCM+/ Fluent. Bench marking new softwares for productivity improvements Write customized macros for pre & post requirements in Java and Fluent UDF Key Skills Essential skills : Minimum of 2 to 5 years working experience in Power Train / Vehicle CFD Simulations. Basic understanding about Fluid Mechanics, Heat Transfer and Fluid Dynamics Done projects on either of the following domains such as Aerodynamics/Thermal Management/Aero acoustics/Water Management OR Knowledge /working experience in CFD simulation of engine water jacket cooling, CHT analysis of engine and powertrain components (Engine intake & exhaust system) internal flow is must. Excellent meshing, simulation and result analysis knowledge Experienced in ANSA / Star CCM+ / POWERFLOW / FLUENT Desirable skills : Knowledge of Automotive Components and Power Train Assembly Strong knowledge in the Fluid dynamics / Powertrain flow concepts Exposure to DOE is an Added Advantage Specific skills required for the job : CCM+/ FLUENT/ ABAQUS /CATIA, ANSA Walk-in Venue: Vivanta by Taj Blue Diamond, Pune 11 Koregaon Road Pune 411 001 Maharashtra, India Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills powertrain CFD vehicle CFD CFD Analysis star ccm+ fluent abaqus Heat Transfer and Fluid Dynamics Aerodynamics Thermal Management Aero acoustics Water Management engine water jacket cooling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Automobile, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Automobile, Mechanical Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications, Experience and Competency requirementsPreferred Education B.E/ M.E (Mechanical) from reputed institutionsPreferred Experience 2 to 5 years in Powertrain/Vehicle CFD Simulation Company Profile: Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India Pvt Ltd M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. (RNTBCI) is a 50:50 Joint Venture Company established under the Renault Nissan alliance on 21st September, 2007. This joint venture was set up with the objective of catering to the localization needs of Renault and Nissan in various research, business and automotive technologies; also contributing to both partners' global operations in the key areas of advanced research and development, advanced CAE (Computer-Aided Engineering), product development, digital vehicle development, information systems development, Business Process Outsourcing and local and global parts sourcing. M/s. RNTBCI envisions the following: To be an alliance key asset providing to Renault and Nissan the full Indian potential for the best-in-class innovative services, processes & solutions; To grab unique opportunities in India as a virgin market for alliance brands; To provide a career path in the local and international scenario. M/s. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Pvt. Ltd. is located in a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) - Mahindra World City, Chennai; approximately 40 km from the airport and 20 km from the Renault Nissan Automotive India manufacturing plant. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details