TITLE: Solutions Architect - Identity & Access Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary The Solutions Architect is responsible for designing and building features and systems that improve our security and awareness, as well as training and educating development staff on best practices. The Security Architect should be hands on and have enough development background to participate in design and development when necessary. Duties and responsibilities Design Identity and Access Management solutionsÂ Define technical architecture and process solutions that when combined together meet the security risk profile of the company for confidentiality and integrity of IT Resources. Provide consulting services for IT risk and security expertise to assist business units to meet their business requirementsÂ Assist IT Operations and Application Development with the implementation of information security best practices Deeply understand and implement security protocols and standards according to best practices. Assess potential items of risk and opportunities for vulnerabilities in the application and infrastructure In-depth knowledge and understanding of systems infrastructure, maintaining system integrity in accordance with the security policy of the organization. Configures software and other components to align them with specific organizational needs.Â Participate in information security audits (i.e., Customer Audits: finance source, Company Member, internal, SOC I, SOC II & GLBA) to proactively minimize and eliminate information security vulnerabilities. Act as liaison between Security and IT teams to enable efficiency and coordination in communication and responses to Customer Audits. Respond to information security incidents and assist with internal and coordination in communication and responses to investigations. Maintain safety, security, and privacy standards throughout all areas of responsibility. Please apply via the link :Â http://goo.gl/V2JJK9 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Technical Architect Security Architect Solution Designing solution technical architect Solution Architect identity & access identity management & access idm management & access iam & access Desired Candidate Profile Must to Have:Â Bachelors degree or equivalent professional experience.5+ years experience systems security architect preferablyÂ 5+ years experience in IT security (can be concurrent with development experience).Experience designing and building out security related systems. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization Company Profile: Simeio Solutions An innovative and industry leader, Simeio offers services related to Identity and Access Management (IAM), managed services, and Identity as a Service (IDaaS). We are powered by an industry first IAM Virtualization Platform delivered via Simeio's Identity Intelligence Center (IIC). Simeio IIC is the first and only solution of its kind designed specifically to operate, monitor and defend complex, multi-vendor IAM infrastructures and deliver actionable business intelligence. We are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia and have operations in India, the Gulf Region, the United Kingdom & Europe, across North America, Brazil and Canada. We are a growing company with a strong dedication to our employees and their opportunity for growth and success. Our company culture is crucial to those driven for success with an entrepreneurial spirit, solution oriented, and individual contributors, as well as, team players. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details