TITLE: Android Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : are the primary roles and responsibilities of this position (not necessarily an exhaustive list): Design, code, test, and debug mobile applications of varying levels of complexity. Provide technical guidance and assistance to other team members. Analyze user requests and software requirements for feasibility of design and potential impact while cognizant of time and cost constraints. Collaborate with users on externally developed or purchased applications. Assists customers with documentation, training, and usability efforts. Assist more experienced system development/support personnel in developing solutions to customer related requests and/or system problems. Required Business Skills Strong verbal and written English communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills. Strong ability to work independently and manage onersquos time as well as well as being a collaborative team member. Strong ability to identify, interpret and evaluate system and network requirements. Strong ability to troubleshoot issues and make system changes as needed to resolve issue. Ability to respond to demanding target dates. Required Technical Skills 1-2 yearsrsquo of software development experience using C#, Java or Objective C. 1-2 yearsrsquo experience developing applications based on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, AJAX, PhoneGap (other), and web services Proficiency with at least one programming language such as C , C# or Java, etc engineering; or equivalent IT or any other branch related degree required. No degree is necessary, but you must be hard coder in mobile development. 1-2 years progressive IT job related experience Desired Skills Experience with moble related or Java web application development Knowledge of key tools and technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, AJAX, PhoneGap, and web services Experience with smartphones, tablets or other smart mobile devices. Knowledge or experience in hybrid or native mobile application development for iOS, Android, or Windows Phone platforms. SQL development experience, preferably with one or more of: Oracle, DB2, SQLserver, MySQL or SQLite. Experience using Visual Studio, or Notepad , or Sublimetext, or Eclipse or Xcode integrated development environments (IDEs). Experience with MAC OS X.Experience with source code management systems such as CVS, Git or MKS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java javascript mysql ajax development android software development eclipse objective c visual studio Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: COGXIO.COM Cogxio is all about building meaningful relationships with the help of technology. We understand that the extreme propagation of technology and so many confusing solutions in the industry has had undesired effects on relationships that hardly gets any time to take some shape. A dailymail.co.uk report says that a smartphone user spends an average of 120 minutes a day on phone while spending only 97 minutes with better halves. Even if we are with friends we are busy texting someone of the other without actually cherishing the present and talking with friends Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details