TITLE: Technical/Marcom Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Conceptualize, plan, develop and write documentation sets, including technical material, with limited or no supervision. Identify, plan for, and revise technical writing project requirements, and research complex source material for documentation projects. Collaborate with cross-functional teams such as engineering, testing, product marketing and other documentation teams to produce accurate, high quality documentation for our customers. Help identify and implement standards and process improvements to improve product documentation and productivity. Serve as the lead writer for complex projects and ensure that projects are completed on schedule. Participate in planning and . design, and contribute to the project from end to end with minimal supervision. Work with technical resources to improve documentation quality and usability. Actively participate in or lead special projects/initiatives outside the scope of regular tasks. Exhibit leadership skills and ability to mentor and supervise junior writers. Keeps up-to-date with best practices in writing for the web, social media trends, web usability, and business/industry trends. Coordinate content creation & publishing of company blogs & newsletters Prepare internal and external communications including announcements, press releases, presentations, technical documentation, sales support, etc as needed. Experience Required Experience in Msoffice Applications, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign , Robohelp Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience in writing for the Web, content management Experience in producing user documentation including installation guides, configuration guides, CLI guides and Online Help documentation. Strong working knowledge and application of style guides and industry practices. Well-versed with Agile and Waterfall methods of product documentation. A self-starter possessing excellent research skills and enjoys working hands on with the product. Ability to partner with training developers and leverage common information to help create complementary documentation. Ability to learn new product, technology, and tools quickly, and mentor junior and mid-level writers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills configuration agile technical writing content management robohelp social media usability technical documentation tools adobe illustrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Epiance Software Pvt Ltd Epiance helps businesses manage their IT driven business process transformations successfully. Hundreds of the best-run companies across the world use Epiance products to ensure rapid and effective user adoption for their enterprise application rollouts and upgrades. Epiance enables businesses to dramatically reduce the time-to-competence for any new or upgraded applications, ensuring rapid knowledge transfer & compliance with best practices Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details