TITLE: Design Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Responsibilities: strong> EPC Head for construction and commissioning of Solar Power plant. Overall in charge to, manage all EPC projects to target schedule, cost and performance. span> p> Will be responsible for the P&L of the EPC division. Manage and Lead multiple projects across the country. To handle the team in managing the following functions. li> Project Management of Solar Power Plants. Design, Erection, Commissioning and Maintenance of Solar Power Plants. li> Manage and Review the design phase of project including Technology Selection, Civil and mechanical structures, System Configuration, Electrical Connection, Distribution and Control Systems, Power Conditioning Systems for Photo Voltaic power plant. li> Responsible for complete project management through the installation, testing and commissioning of the system. li> Preventive maintenance of all the electrical installations and ensure compliance with regard to all quality construction. li> Ability to effectively work with the companyrsquos engineers and program managers to ensure customerlsquos needs are met. li> Coordinate with corporate project department for necessary drawings and approvals. li> Coordination with Consultants and contractors for the availability of men, materials, designs and drawings. li> Coordinate with all stake holders to ensure that the project is delivered on Schedule with high quality and within the required cost. li> ul> Desired Candidate Profile: strong> B.E / B.Tech/ M.Tech- Electrical Engineering, Mechanical, Civil or Energy specialization in clean power generation systems design, installation and operation.Certified Training on Project Management / Project Finance, Formal training a must. Minimum 15 years of experience with 7 years into Heading of Large complex projects. Should have experience in managing design, installation and commissioning of complex large scale power plants and/ or PV generation projects. Should be trained in Project management methods and have the ability to maintain customer and stakeholder relationship is a must. Has to independently drive internal and external suppliers of services to deliver High Quality projects on schedule and within budget. Should have ability to scale up the organisation. Preferably in the area of Solar Photo Voltaic power generation system design and project management. p> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InSolare Energy Pvt. Ltd InSolare Energy Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details