TITLE: pm pharma bi dw

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Combining consultancy expertise, technical knowledge and industry experience with best of breed ... 10+ years of Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence experience 10+ years of large project or pro ... PM - Pharma BI/DW PM - Pharma BI/DW PM - Pharma BI/DW Roles and responsibilities Combining consultancy expertise, technical knowledge and industry experience with best of breed technologies in Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence platforms. Manage multiple medium complex projects Play a vital role in creating long-term customer relationships, acting as the bridge between the client and our operational delivery teams. Governance across all areas of their services including service management, incident and change management, as well as playing a key role in ensuring the highest level of operational service delivery. Use knowledge and understanding of the business area direction and priorities to drive innovative solutions to issues and challenges faced by the customer area. Collaborate with senior management on client account management and growth Ensure that the operations teams are well informed and prepared for any changes Should have experienced in implementing at least 2-3 E2E DW/BI projects Should be experienced in handling client IT and Business. Skill set 10+ years of Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence experience 10+ years of large project or program management experience Experience in working ETL tools like DataStage, Informatica, SSIS Tableau. Informatica MDM is a plus. Experience with Business Intelligence projects Pharma industry experience is must, preferable commercial operations (Affiliations, Alignment, Sales Crediting, Objective Settings, Incentive Comp). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills informatica datastage ssis business intelligence pm change management mdm service management tools pharma Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details