TITLE: product manager

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Own the strategy and roadmap for a key product/business area. Manage all aspects of a successful ... Understanding of customers needs and aspirations deeply and you are a customer champion Possess ... Roles and responsibilities Own the strategy and roadmap for a key product/business area. Manage all aspects of a successful software or technology product throughout its lifecycle, including product strategy development, customer insights/needs, and requirements definition Partner with the other business leaders to define and drive substantial parts of the customer experience for the respective categories. Defines the product acceptance testing criteria, ensures that they are met; plan for and ensures that product (and features) are appropriately used by operations and BD team; Promptly resolves issues faced during operationalization by working with different stakeholders Hires the right people, build a high performing teams and act as a trusted adviser, coach or a guide. Skill set Understanding of customers needs and aspirations deeply and you are a customer champion Possess an entrepreneurial spirit. Ability to understand and talk technology; Passionate about technology pro activeness in developing understanding of various applications of technology; have used technology to solve business problems; Knowledge in developing elegant and simple feature functionalities which delivers world-class user experience. A deep understanding of consumer behaviour which will support product delivery from concept to implementation. Above 6 years of experience, demonstrating management of tasks, resolution of problems and issues and experience in implementing action plans to meet objectives. Equally comfortable in generating a 3-year strategic vision and a weekly status update. A track record of BE/ BTech in Computer Science or an equivalent acknowledgement of your academic accomplishments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills btech operations bd computer science academic passionate product product manager business customer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details