TITLE: iOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an iOS developer for design, development and maintenance of iOS apps. The developer will work on the entire app lifecycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. Apps will content based and integrated closely with the web sites. The challenge is to ensure user experience. Responsibilities: Deliver across the entire app life cycle - concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app stores and support. Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform. Working closely with another mobile app developer leading the other platform development. Working directly with developers and product managers to conceptualize, build, test and realize products. Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions. Working along the web developers to create and maintain a robust framework to support the apps. Working with the front end developers to build the interface with focus on usability features. Create compelling device specific user interfaces and experiences. Optimizing performance for the apps Keep up to date on the latest industry trends in the mobile technologies. Requirements Strong experience writing & debugging applications in core Objective- C. Thorough understanding of iPhone memory management & instruments. Proficient in working with the Interface Builder. Good knowledge of Object- Oriented programming and associated design patterns. Thorough understanding of the possibilities & limitations of the iOS WebView. Familiar with Appstore procedures and working experience in deploying apps successfully. Knowledge of Push Notifications and JSON Parsing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WINNI WINNI Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details