TITLE: Architect - SiteCore

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About SapientNitro SapientNitroSM, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a new breed of agency redefining storytelling for an always-on world. Were changing the way our clients engage todays connected consumers by uniquely creating integrated, immersive stories across brand communications, digital engagement, and omni-channel commerce. We call it Storyscaping, where art and imagination meet the power and scale of systems thinking. SapientNitros unique combination of creative, brand and technology expertise results in one global team collaborating across disciplines, perspectives and continents to create game-changing success for our Global 1000 clients, such as Chrysler, Citi, The Coca-Cola Company, Lufthansa, Target, and Vodafone, in 31 cities across The Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, visit www.sapientnitro.com. JOB PURPOSE As a Specialist - SiteCore, You will translates the client business requirements into Sitecore functional, technical design and solution architecture; Oversees and implements template, Layouts, Sublayouts, Sitecore content delivery for .NET environment. Evaluates other CMS products/vendors; Defines best practices, establishes standards, actively contributes to creation of generic Sitecore modules, frameworks and reusable extensions You will teach, mentor and share knowledge, improve processes and develop systematic solutions to problem patterns. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Translate client requirements to Sitecore technical designs. Define and document physical, logical and network solution architecture view for an integrated solution that includes Sitecore infrastructure, Digital Asset Management, Campaign Management, Microsites, Search etc. Estimate effort for implementation of Sitecore designs. Design and implement templates & layouts for Multi-site, Multi-lingual, Multichannel scenarios. Design and Implement all schema types including metadata/parameter schemas. Create and deploy medium/high complexity layouts and templates such as C# / .NET user controls, pages using Visual Studio. Develop Page and Data Templates Sitecore &.NET and/or XSL templates using XSLT. Design, develop and debug templates with Template builder. Develop and configure workflows. Implement security configuration using groups, roles and permissions. Diagnose and solve common problems related to Sitecore implementation. Support sizing, capacity planning and non-functional requirement specification, benchmarking and recommendations for Sitecore solutions. Oversee installation, configuration and tuning of Sitecore in .NET environment. Design and implement integrated / automated translation solutions for multi-lingual solutions using translation manager integrated with Sitecore or other external translation environments. Evaluate other CMS products/vendors and articulate relative positioning of each CMS vendor in the multi-channel marketing and commerce space. Participate in workshops with business and technical clients to support problem definition and identification of key business processes. Liaise with Sitecore product engineering, professional services and support to help drive solutions. Drive mapping of client requirements to CMS capabilities across more than one CMS package. Define best practices, development standards to manage performance and scalability of the CMS/CDS application and work with stakeholders to manage CMS performance issues and dependencies. Define best practices for implementing content personalization solutions to enable targeted content delivery using Sitecore Profiling and personalization, SEO and Performance Optimization solution. Design, configure and implement OMS from analytics integration and data capturing perspective. SKILL REQUIREMENTS Proficient in JavaScript Proficient in XML, XSL, XSLT, XHTML Proficient in C#, .NET, COM, ASP.NET and SiteCore module skills. Expert in SiteCore foundational concepts, Layouts, Sublayouts, Templates, Workflows and Security. Proficient in multi-channel marketing product portfolio including Aliasing, Outbound email, Polls, Web Forms, communication statistics. Expert in end-to-end content lifecycle, web content management and delivery processes. Expert in integration patterns with a Search, Polls, Micro Sites, Commerce package, Payment Gateways or other platforms. Highly developed interpersonal and leadership skills. Effectively liaises with all levels of management. Business Knowledge: Domain experience would be a plus Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure EXPERIENCE Overall experience of 8 to 12 years of experience with 4 years of content management experience with one or more CMS packages including SiteCore. EDUCATION Full Time Bachelors / Masters degree BUSINESS UNIT SapientNitro About Sapient Sapient, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing, and technology. The company operates three divisions that enable clients to gain a competitive advantage and succeed in an increasingly digital world. SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services fuse insight, creativity, and technology to drive innovation and to help clients navigate complex business problems. Our approach is the subject of case studies used by MBA programs at Harvard and Yale. The company has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. For more information, visit http://www.sapient.com. Follow us on: Twitter: @SapientIndia Facebook: facebook.com/SapientIndia Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details