TITLE: Drupal Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for Drupal Developer to work in our office and people who are interested in developing their career with us. Successful candidates should enjoy working in a well-managed team environment, have the enthusiasm and ambition to complete projects to the highest standard and want to be a part of an organization that has high quality values. As a developer, you will help design and implement system to meet the business needs of companies across all major industry verticals. It is perfect for someone who enjoys using Drupal to solve tough business problems while helping customers recognize the value that Drupal can provide. Must be able to see the complete view of a Drupal project and provide solutions. Ability to write modules that create custom solutions to clients. Expert in Drupal 6.x/ Drupal 7.x Drupal expertise of 3 years. Overall technical experience of 7 years. Familiarity with Git and Drupal development. Must have worked on Panels , Rules , CCK , Drush, Features, Context, CTools and similar must know modules. Knowledge of Drupal related technologies such as the LAMP, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery. Must have knowledge of Linux shell scripting. Good verbal and written communication skills Drupal community contributions Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills linux development jquery drupal configuration css3 application programming git developer linux shell scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: NetiApps Software Pvt. Ltd NetiApps, a professional web development company, was created in 2006 with the primary purpose of providing worldwide customers with valuable, relevant, functional, and reliable online services and products. It was conceptualized and formed by a group of industry professionals who possess hands-on expertise in technological and organizational development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details