TITLE: Sr Design Engineering Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description Experience and Education requirements: MS/ MTech with 10 years of relevant experience. BE/ BTech with 12 years of relevant experience. Responsibilities: Guide a team of Analog design engineers for developing PHY (USB2, USB3, PCIE etc) . The team will be responsible for specifications, understanding architecture, design, verification, digital handoffs and layout supervision of the Phys concerned. Will be responsible for guiding a team to do end- to- end architecture/ design work starting from specification and ending with testing in the lab. Should be able to predict effort and schedule and work with marketing on aligning roadmap. Would be responsible to keep the team motivated, set their KRAs and provide performance related feedback. Will also be responsible for providing inputs to customer queries. Position Requirements Proven ability to handle teams and execute project. Should be able to work across teams to ensure the end result. Desirable to have gone through end to end design cycles. Hands on design experience in various analog IP like PLLs, data converters, serial interfaces, LDOs etc preferred. Must have good communication skills and should be team player. Working experience in PHY (PCIE, USB2, USB3, MPHY etc.) development is desired. Strong fundamentals in Analog Design expected. Company Information Cadence is the global leader in software, hardware, and services that is driving the transformation of the electronic design automation (EDA) industry. This application- driven approach for creating, integrating, and optimizing designs helps customers realize Analog & Digital ICs , System- On- Chip devices, IP and complete systems at lower costs and with higher quality. Cadence is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Proven ability to handle teams and execute project. Should be able to work across teams to ensure the end result. Desirable to have gone through end to end design cycles. Hands on design experience in various analog IP like PLLs, data converters, serial interfaces, LDOs etc preferred. Must have good communication skills and should be team player. Working experience in PHY (PCIE, USB2, USB3, MPHY etc.) development is desired. Strong fundamentals in Analog Design expected. Company Profile: Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details