TITLE: Opportunity for Gps/gnss

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION: GNSS - Lead / Staff Software Engineer As the world leader in supplying embedded systems for cellular wireless standards, Qualcomm delivers complete, optimized, high-quality, wireless platforms to dozens of the worlds largest and most popular mobile computing OEMs. Location technology and location-based services have become essential to modern living and are central to the mobile user experience, and the Qualcomm Location Technology team provides advanced location technologies which are integrated into Qualcomm chipsets. Qualcomm's location technology enables manufacturers to create a wide range of value-added services and applications for consumer and enterprise use, and has been deployed in more than 1 billion handsets and mobile devices. We are looking for highly motivated, energetic, and innovative individuals to drive our next phase of growth in GNSS and location technologies. In this position, you will be responsible for design, development, test, maintenance and optimization of real-time embedded location software within a very dynamic small group setting. You will work closely with other software, systems, hardware, and test engineers integrating GNSS, wireless technologies, and MEMS sensors to create world-class location solutions. You must have strong SW engineering skills, a solid understanding of GNSS Measurement Engine algorithms and a passion for efficient and highly scalable software development. Your SW engineering and systems skills will be used to solve location domain specific problems as well as complex embedded problems. Your contributions will help the Qualcomm Location Technology Team to deliver the next level of location and user experience to customers. You must be a team player who can understand and question end-to-end system goals and be able to contribute to system design, software development methodology, and software architecture discussions. SKILL SET- Multiple years of commercial development experience with GPS/GNSS software development, GNSS Signal processing algorithms, Acquisition and Tracking loops, designing complex state machines, optimization techniques and navigation algorithms. Strong C programming skills, real time OS knowledge and a willingness to adhere to good software development processes are essential. Experience designing, developing, and debugging medium to large scale real-time systems is highly desirable. A familiarity with Perl, Python, Matlab or other scripting languages is a plus. Exp 4 12years with Engineer Degree. Job location: Bangalore. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd As the world leader in supplying embedded systems for cellular wireless standards, Qualcomm delivers complete, optimized, high-quality, wireless platforms to dozens of the worlds largest and most popular mobile computing OEMs. Location technology and location-based services have become essential to modern living and are central to the mobile user experience, and the Qualcomm Location Technology team provides advanced location technologies which are integrated into Qualcomm chipsets. Qualcomm's location technology enables manufacturers to create a wide range of value-added services and applications for consumer and enterprise use, and has been deployed in more than 1 billion handsets and mobile devices. We are looking for highly motivated, energetic, and innovative individuals to drive our next phase of growth in GNSS and location technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details