TITLE: Junior Architect

SKILLS: Architecture

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Criteria Should have completed B. Arch and should possess good communication skill. Should be competent in using Auto-cad, Rivet and should have basic knowledge of MS Office, sketch up and Photoshop. Should have experience in basic designing and working in various typologies of residential and commercial projects. Should have 1-3 years experience. Job Description To assist in feasibility study of projects. To assist Architect in Conceptualisation and reacutealisation as and when required. To prepare presentation drawings for concepts based on project requirements. To prepare documents and drawings required by various statutory bodies government agencies. To prepare detailed layouts & plans for projects under supervision of senior architect. To visit sites and ensure that the work is being done as per drawings. Co-ordination with consultants concerned i. e. , MEP, QS, clients / legal, at various stages of the project. To prepare ldquoas builtrdquo drawings and maintain proper documents. Maintenance of daily work dairies and time sheets. Maintenance of records pertaining to drawings. To carry out any other project related work assigned by immediate reporting authority. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category:Architectural Services Role:Architect Keyskills photoshop ms office mep qs statutory documents auto cad presentation drawings knowledge of ms office good communication skill Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Arch PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TATYA Infrabuild Pvt. Ltd., The company has been serving the society for the past six years in various forms before taking up its current identity of TATYA two years ago. We are a team of dedicated Architects, Interior Designers, Field Supervisors and Specialist Consultants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details