TITLE: Sr. Software Engineers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum Qualifications: B.E/B.Tech (Masterrs degree preferred) in EE/ECE/CS with at least 6 years of relevant industry experience, in product development in the telecom space. Relevant experience: The candidate must have a minimum of 3 years experience in product development for network elements, implementing core network protocols. The candidate should be conversant with various aspects of the standard network layers, and proven experience in developing layer 2/3/4 protocols. The candidate must be knowledgeable in C, and Linux, or other real time operating systems. The candidate should have exposure to working with low level kernel/RTOS modules, in a multi-core processor environment, and must understand constraints and implementation of real time systems. Experience with wireless protocols and implementation experience will be considered to be useful and relevant. The candidate should be conversant with using relevant tools required to debug/analyze data traffic in a real world as well as lab environments in order to develop and test features. The candidate is expected to be mature, skilled, with good communication skills (both oral and written) and capable of working independently with minimal guidance. Job Description: The candidate will be expected to work on Access Gateways in a wireless network, developing and enhancing features of the existing product. The candidate will be expected to understand the eco system and validate the product at customer installations, be responsible for interoperability (IOT) with other network elements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills linux telecom product development rtos kernel tools eco iot be network protocols Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PointRed Telecom Ltd PointRed Telecom Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details