TITLE: Joboracle Application Technical Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Oracle Applications E-Business Suite 11i & R12 Experience Form Personalization in Apps Environment. Experience in Report Customizations and Developing Custom Reports. Experience in Creations of Value sets, Request sets, Custom Tables, Profiles, and Flex fields and registering in Sys admin and AOL. Experience in Work Flows Knowledge on OAF. Experience in development of inbound interfaces to integrate Apps and Legacy System. Worked on XML Publisher Reports. Technically good in SQL, PL/SQL, REPORTS, FORMS. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. US based $4.0 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $10.5 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014.* Please visit - www.teksystems.com ; www.allegisgroup.com, for more information Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details