TITLE: JDE Financial Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from TEKsystems!! ! TEKsystems is a subsidiary of Allegis Group, the largest private talent management firm in the world. Our longstanding history and industry-leading position speak to our success in providing the IT staffing solutions, IT services and talent management insight required for you to actualize ROI and sustain a truly competitive advantage in a fast-changing market. This is in regards to Job opportunity for JDE Financial Functional role on behalf of TEKsystems for one of our clients in Hyderabad, Bangalore and Mumbai. I would appreciate if you can help me with few references as well. Job Description: Role- JDE Finance Functional Education qualifications- Bachelors degree Relevant experience- 6 yrs. Primary skills- JDE Financial modules Secondary skills- JDE Real Estate Module Roles & responsibilities- Leads requirement gathering. Analyzes change request, does impact analysis and provides estimation as per Estimation Guidelines. Does scope / resource planning accordingly. Proactively monitors any SLA violations. Does the analysis of these cases along with module leads and communicates to client / program manager. Prepares, guides and ensures that team follows the specifications / standards / guidelines / design. Reviews the specifications, documentation and also gets it approved by team lead / Client Recommends best method and tools to improve process. Maintaining records/ documents as required, accuracy of data, generating reports on time. Helps in preparing configuration management plan, identifying configurable items. Reviews test scripts, test cases. Ability to provide estimates based on inputs (requirement docs / functional specs.), Participates & contributes in estimation with his/her technical expertis Feel free to reach-out to me in case you have any questions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. Allegis is a US based $11billion world leader in recruitment and staffing services to over 4000 customers globally. We are into this business for about 30 years. * Coming to our Indian Operations, we are about 9yrs and we are into different business verticals by means of acquisitions and partnerships. * One of the top vendors to 95% of Fortune 500 companies * Employs over 100,000 employees across different parts of the world * Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices * The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 1st Largest in the US * World's largest Technology staffing company - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering * One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * We are into all the 4 core HR areas. That includes Perm hiring, Contract staffing, large scale RPO Engagements and executive search. Apart from this we are also into IT and Engineering services. * Specialties: Staffing & HR Services, IT Staffing and Consulting, Technical, professional and industrial staffing, Managerial, professional and accredited accounting and financial staffing, Legal Staffing. http://www.allegisgroup.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details