TITLE: Executive Operations

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Operations Executive Location-Bangalore JOB PURPOSE Ensure seamless delivery of examinations (online / offline) for all clients Account Manager- keeping track of calendar events, campus coordination CRITICAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Ensure seamless delivery of exams (online / offline) within the specified SLAs Coordinate with internal teams for infra & test material Coordinate with the Sourcing team to ensure adequate number of volunteers are available for the particular day Plan for drives off campus and on campus recruitment Check the logistics and arrange the logistics according to requirements. Train the volunteers on the process for the activity scheduled Logistics coordination for material & manpower movement for the scheduled drive Snapshot reports to account manager, resource coordination Maintaining customer SLA as defined in the process manual Generate MIS reports with clients. Project delivery on time. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills offline exam online exam test administrator exam coordinator test coordinator test delivery fresher graduate graduate fresher call center voice process kpo operations event management events event coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: MeritTrac Services Pvt. Ltd MeritTrac designs, develops and delivers standardized and customized tests across the country for educational institutions, government organizations, corporate entities, schools and vocational institutions. MeritTrac has a network of over 1,100 test centers in India spread across 350 cities. Experience of developing and delivering professional tests in India for over 13 years has helped MeritTrac introduce best-in-class processes and patented technologies to facilitate transformational practices in assessments. MeritTrac has expertise in developing tests for over 300 domains and has a proven process allowing it to generate scientific tests in any area of customer's choice. * Educational Institutions: End to end entrance and semester examinations, On Screen Marking * Government Institutions: Complete support for recruitment and promotion tests * Corporate Organizations: Scientific tests for hiring and employee assessments * Schools: Teachers' solution to manage Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluations An ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 27001 certified company, MeritTrac, in addition to Computer based and Paper based tests, offers examination services like Online Application Processing, On Screen Marking (OSM) and Biometric based candidate Authentication services. MeritTrac is a group company of the Manipal Global Education Services. For further information, you may visit www.merittrac.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details