TITLE: Ios Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1 - 7 Years Box8 Mobile Developer (Android + IOS) | Applicant Tracking System | Recruitment Software Your form validation is successful! Mobile Developer (Android + IOS) IOS Developer | 1 - 7 Years | Bangalore Urban | 1 Position About Box8 Were BOX8, Indias fastest growing on-demand food delivery company. Our 3 pillars of taste, tech and logistics define our goal to ensure a delightful end-to-end experience every single time. Founded by IIT graduates, we have revolutionized the way Indian food is consumed. We are now selling 1 Lakh products per month, and 30 more IIT junkies have joined the band. We keep one simple thing in mind when we make our food; we would only serve food, that we enjoy eating. Believing in product innovation, we have designed the All-in-One meal box, which is a fulfilling new-age Indian meal, convenient to eat anytime, anywhere. We have given an Indian twist to Wraps Sandwiches and, have retained the core Indian flavours in Curries. With an equal emphasis on technology and delivery along with food, we make ordering food a first-class experience. Anyone can order a meal in seconds on our mobile apps, and our integrated delivery management system will guarantee piping hot food time after time. SHARE THIS JOB WITH FRIENDS Summary Call for Mobile (Android + IOS) developers with minimum of 2 years relevant exp Job Description Experience in iPhone, iPad, Cocoa ,Objective-c Development and Android applications. Strong Objective-C skills and inside-and-out knowledge of theIOSSDK. Knowledge of Object Oriented concepts and a strong passion for software development. Already have applications in the App store is a must. Sound knowledge of memory management is a must. Knowledge of debugging /performance tools. Comprehensive experience withiOSdevelopment, including extensive knowledge of major frameworks like Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text. Deep understanding of Objective C, including memory management and the - Foundation Framework. Experience with REST API programming experience with JSON. Experience withiOSdevelopment tools such as: XCode 4, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, XIB, storyboard, CoreData, NS Notification, MVC pattern. Knowledge ofiOSnetworking and Multithreading. Experience with third-party libraries and APIs. Proven experience with one or more apps published in the app store. Experience in monetizing apps using Ad Networks. Experience of SDK Development with support ofiOS 6+ Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies. Knowledge of any Server side language, a plus HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript experience, a plus Deep knowledge of Objective-C and Xcode, including modern syntax and blocks UIKit, Core Graphics, Auto Layout, Storyboards Solid understanding of memory management with and without ARC SQlite, Core Data, and relational data design Exposure to Android development in native environment is must. What are we looking for? You should be smart and should be able to get things done. Period. Thats the number one priority. Challenge conventional wisdom. We value curiousness and Inquisitiveness. A track record of being able to ship product, independently and/or as part of a small team. Willingness to provide top-notch support to our customers - everyone at the company is involved in the support directly. OTHER OPENINGS AT Box8 You have some form errors. Please check below. Select Profile APPLY NOW. ITS FREE. Your form validation is successful! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills selling recruitment development logistics customer care server piping tools api email Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BOX8 BOX8 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details