TITLE: Project Sales Rep

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The projest sales representative is responsible for sales, leveraging, developing brand value for the product and creating demand for IPSA products. Job description Maintaining and submittingsales reports and projections as an when asked by the management. Prospecting, proposing and closing the sales with the existiong and new customers and keeping record of each stage for management review. Evaluating existing and new customers and focus on customers who make volume purchases. Making calss to existing and prospective customers and recording the interaction. Having complete knowledge about competitors and products that are frequently used or are newly introduced. Maintaining good relations with purchasing companies , distributors, architects, contracters etc. Coordinate with company staff to make on time deliveries and resolving other customer issues. Create quaterly and annual sales action plan to achieve self and company's targets and goals. Convey any developments or innovations in the industry to the management by visiting exhibitions, trade shows etc. Assume responsibility of their position and undertake the necessary action not underlined herein. Qualifications MBA in sales and marketing or minimum 5yrs experience in the same line. Must be fluent in English, both spoken and written. Must have working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Outlook. Must be able to travel up to 70% of the time. Must be Energetic, confident and ambitious. Experience in selling in especially real estate projects, hotel industry and hospiitality sector. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IPSA BUSINESS INDIA PVT. LTD. IPSA BUSINESS (INDIA) PVT. LTD., an ISO 9001:2008 certified company, feels proud to introduce ourselves as one of the leading Building & Architectural Hardware Manufacturing Company. We offer a wide range of products and serve all kinds of market segments, whether national or international. It has been over 4 decades since we have been dealing in Brass Door & Window Hardware (Door Locks & Handles), and Complete Aluminium & Stainless Steel Fitting Series. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details