TITLE: Artist (Social Art Team) 3D

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: 3D blocking of environments used in hidden object scenes using 3DS MAX. VRAY rendering in 3DS MAX UV Mapping and Texture creation Setting up 3D cameras and lights for VRAY rendering Skills and Qualifications: Solid communication skills - Must be able to communicate ideas both visually and verbally. Self-motivated and able to work independently, with good time management skills and a strong work ethic. Create environments, props and some visual effects. Comfortable making changes to work based upon feedback. Team player. Ability to collaborate effectively within a team. Ability to create clean topology, UVrsquos and textures. Ability to model buildings, foliage, vehicles and props, etc. Render assets/environments in 3DS MAX using VRAY from files created by yourself and other 3D artists. These will be used for hidden object game backgrounds. Good eye for lighting, color and detail. 2D experience and strong Photoshop skills. Ability to create 3D models based on ready concepts. Ability to think in 3D. Drawings/sketches that display basic skills as well as any modeling and texture work related to objects, buildings, natural terrain, etc. Excellent sense of form, weight (mass), and volume. Good use of light and shadow. Breadth of artistic styles. Understanding of optimization. Excellent sense of scale and level of finish. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills assets mapping ideas modeling photoshop optimization uv 3ds max visual effects vray Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dhruva Interactive Pvt Ltd Website http://www. dhruva. com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 1 - 100 Crores Company Size 51 - 200 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details