TITLE: Network Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills:- Primary Skills:- WAN & LAN Fault Management Secondary Skills :- Understanding of ITIL framework for Incident Management Role Purpose:- As a member of the IP Networks & operating within the Reputed UK Based Telecom Operator Assure and Operate model, this role is responsible for customer reactive and pro-active fault management and resolution. The main focus will be on fault isolation and resolution for all IP and Data technologies and systems. The role may also involve some overlap training to cover Voice and Transmission technologies - based on next generation equipment and solutions. Key Accountabilities:- Professionally represent Real Time Operations in all day to day operations. Proactively monitor customer networks to identify fault occurrences. Acknowledge, check, and respond to customer fault reports. Perform timely and accurate diagnostics, ensuring fault clearance wherever possible. Ensure accurate ticket detail entry and updates for all fault reports. Ensure relevant and accurate information available to assist in fault diagnosis and clear. Monitor fault tickets, prioritise, and track progress as appropriate. Ensure technical and managerial escalation completed to defined time-scales. Test and liaise with customers and other internal or external agencies and third parties. Ensure overall adherence to quality procedures and working processes. Ensure awareness of SLA agreements, and perform all ticket actions in time-scales to support SLA success. Provide input to customer and management reports. Identify and agree cover wherever possible for planned absences. Proactively identify self-development needs. Actively support team members in day to day operations Support & train lower level functions as part of TCP/PDP development Assess the fault tickets correctly based on the information available and contact customer/service desk for more details. Replicate the fault condition based on information validate the fault Carry out initial diagnostics on service, identify understand & resolve incidents/alarms within pre-defined technical or time based criteria across the end to end service. Manage reactive incidents accordingly, either to resolution or passing to 2nd Line colleagues to resolve. Ability to monitor & carry out 1st line diagnostics & fix on multiple IP& Data technologies Making it Happen Improving performance Builds Confidence Inspiring Communicator Facilitating Team Work Gathering Information Creating Ideas Evaluating & Analysing Information Growing Talent Enabling Empathy & Openness Influencing Others Behavioral/ Personality Specifications required Self-motivated, Very good team player, energetic with high analytic and technical problem solving skills, willing to put extra effort and go extra mile when situation demands. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills customer service operations service development ip lan wan managerial ideas fault management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vodafone India Limited Vodafone India Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details