TITLE: Memory characterization Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Candidate is expected to work as individual contributor on memory characterization projects. Candidate must have extensive understanding of memory critical paths and characterization tools. Candidate must have done logic verification of memories using verilog or ESPCV. Candidate must have significant exposure to validation of the characterized data and undertaken at least few memory compilers or instances. Candidate must have good understanding in generating EDA views of IP libraries. Candidate must have good experience in QA process for release of .libs and models. Candidate Reqirements : Mandatory Skills- Candidate must have transistor level circuit design experience of memories. He/She should have worked on 65nm / 45nm / 28nm process technologies and must have understanding of design issues related to process. He/She must have good understanding of memory architecture. He/She must have good understanding of circuit design concepts for low power CMOS circuits and must have done extensive simulation of memory instances or compilers. Thorough understanding of critical paths and have the ability to debug glitches in design and characterized data and have very good understanding of margins in memories. Understanding of front end memory models generation and validation.circuits. Preferable Skills- Scripting experience in Perl would be preferable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills perl ip verification verilog validation eda front end circuit design simulation tools Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MaYo Technologies Pvt. Ltd Powered by an adept team of professionals, state-of-the-art infrastructure, and a strong portfolio, MaYo Technologies is here to change the face of its domain of operations. With a serious line of contacts in varied organizations, companies and industries, MaYo Technologies is a perfect recruitment consultancy firm and a staffing partner, offering a plethora of services, such as human resource management, recruitment consulting, contract staffing, executive and managerial level searches and corporate development plus Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details