TITLE: Tools Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Participate in requirement analysis and definition. Design, develop and implement Java SE and Java EE applications including data mining and data processing systems and/or web- based applications. Prepare code documentation in support of program development. Create and maintain system specification and sub- system specification documentation. Review established 10Kinfo software development guidelines and procedures. Prepare documentation and paperwork used in the planning and preparation stages of the application and the instructions for its use. Review results of unit tests to ensure testing specifications are met. Direct the builds and deployments of enhancements to the UNIX- based production environment. Review system test results during project build and deployment. Participate in code review and mentor junior developers. Stay abreast of state- of- the- art programming techniques, implements them and advocates their implementation. Must have involved in SOAP and/or XML/RPC, Web Services (WSDL, UDDI), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), PL- SQL , Struts, Spring & Hibernate. Skill Set and Experience: Requires at least five to ten years of experience. Requires hand on experience in the Java application programming language, and creating Java EE applications. Problem- solving experience and troubleshooting of programs written by others needed. Requires knowledge of object methodologies and experience in an OOA/OOD modeling language and a familiarity with networking and application distribution. Knowledge of SQL, Ant and Tomcat and experience developing applications for UNIX platforms is required. Familiarity with emerging development technologies such as Java EE Web Services, AJAX, e- Commerce and development experience in mobile platform (android/iOS) is an added advantage. Candidates must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must have experience in leading small teams of developers and be able to meet deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills sql unix xml struts hibernate ajax networking development android software development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 10kinfo 10kinfo Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details