TITLE: Snr. Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A versatile Project Manager passionate about undertaking the challenge of ensuring timely delivery of high availability, mission critical products with a global impact, and fully at ease working with high profile international stakeholders. Prior experience in managing Java projects is mandatory, should have managed a team of at least 7, and should be conversant with offshore-onsite development model. Prior experience in working with international teams is a definite advantage. PMP Certification is a definite advantage. Programming Skills : : Proficiency in java 1.5, J2EE is mandatory. Exposure to Windows and development environments like Eclipse, Design patterns is highly desirable, Unit testing tools like JUNIT and version control tools like subversion is an advantage. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge and experience in managing highly versatile and virtual teams developing high availability highly secure products in banking domain. Aptitude : :Enthusiastic, Creative, Team player and Excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in being a part of small international team of specialists working to deliver breakthrough products in banking will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills j2ee development windows design patterns quality assurance eclipse testing tools junit pmp unit testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc At the crossroads of ideas and entrepreneurship, Diginoc is where concepts considered avant garde evolve into exciting business ventures. Cutting across industries, we bring together visionary entrepreneurs, talented professionals and industry veterans from the world over to deliver truly path-breaking technologies and venture-spin-offs. At Diginoc, the focus of innovation extends beyond technology to the new business models needed for todays dynamic and complex global economy. Orchestrating a formidable synergy between direct market access through ventures incorporated across key international markets, strategic partnerships with industry partners, and shared off-shoring, Diginoc is fast emerging as an important innovation hub for technology and business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details