TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Come join the "EBS- Billing" as a "Sr Software Engineer". Please provide an overview of your group and what they do and why someone would want to join (keep it short and to the point) . Responsibilities Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Responsible for Designing/ developing features in Billing. Close co- ordination with offering and finance team to design E2E solution. Act in a technical leadership capacity: Mentoring junior engineers, new team members, and applying technical expertise to challenging programming and design problems Roughly 70- 85% hands- on coding Resolve defects/ bugs during QA testing, pre- production, production, and post- release patches Work cross- functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, QA/ QE, various product lines, or business units to drive forward results Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5 years experience with application development or framework development with experience building large systems (handling 1, 000s of transactions per second) . Minimum 3 years leading advanced J2EE development of complex, real- time, production- quality, mission- critical J2EE apps. Demonstrable familiarity with J2EE specs. The candidate will have a wide breadth of knowledge related to the following technologies: o J2EE Technology: JMS, EJB, XML/ XSLT, JSP/ Servlet o Server Computing platforms (Unix, Linux, Windows 2000/ XP) o Application Servers (e.g. Oracle Application Server, WebLogic, JBoss) . o OOAD, UML, J2EE Design Patterns Experience in subscription billing implementation is must. BS/ MS in computer science or equivalent work experience Strong experience with any of the following Object Oriented Languages (OOD) : Experience with the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Solid communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non- technical audiences Strong understanding of the Software design/ architecture process Experience with unit testing & Test Driven Development (TDD) Preferred Experience: Experience developing, maintaining, and innovating large scale, consumer facing web or mobile applications Familiar with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and available web applications Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation. Year- over- year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on Fortune\'s 100 Best Companies To Work For and Fortune Worlds Most Admired Software Companies lists. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide. Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry. Utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market - - from QuickBooks?, Quicken?, and TurboTax?, to GoPayment, Mint.com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile apps. The breadth and depth of these customer- driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit. Discover what its like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. Its time to love what you do! Check out all of our career opportunities at: http: / / jobs.intuit.com . Intuit is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Company Profile: Intuit Technology Services Pvt Ltd Intuit Technology Services Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details