TITLE: Full Stack Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a Full Stack Developer responsible for handling end to end development of the product. Your primary focus will be development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for building and integrating the front-end elements. A good understanding of front-end technologies is therefore necessary. Responsibilities: Handling the complete backend from designing and development of APIS to unit testing, integration testing, alpha/ beta testing up to deployment Optimization of the application for maximum speed, scalability and fault tolerance Handling and maintaining the database layer. Handling cloud hosting and maintenance. Maintenance & enhancement of the product. Skills & Qualifications: At least 2 years of experience in server-side & client-side development Strong CS fundamentals, good working knowledge of classic algorithms and data structures. Proficient knowledge of back-end programming languages such as JAVA/ PHP. Good understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system Management of cloud hosting environment, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes Basic knowledge of Machine learning is required to build new features in the system. Knowledge and experience in building systems like Recommendations is desirable. Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Skills that will impress us! Experience working with image management for web & mobile apps Experience working with UI technologies like jQuery, AJAX, Angular Prior experience with mobile development SDKs for iOS & Android Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java php javascript ajax android jquery server database administration data structures algorithms Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Retale Retale Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details