TITLE: Oracle DBA

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job/Role Description: Mandatory Skills: >> Experience in command of SQL (Knowledge of DDL, DML) especially in the database administration and management area and other Oracle Tools is mandatory. >> Experience in Advanced PL/SQL Development experience (at least 1 project). Desired / Preferred Skills: a. Experience in the administration of Oracle RDBMS 9i RAC & 10g RAC databases is needed. Knowledge on OracleRDBMS 8i and ORACLE RDBMS 11g is desirable b. Experience in installation of Oracle products, including compilation and relinking experience is required c. Experience in supporting ASM and Standby databases is preferred. d. Good command of SQL (Knowledge of DDL, DML) especially in the database administration and management area and otherOracle Tools is required e. Good experience in applying patches to various Oracle components is preferred. f. Sound knowledge and experience in cloning databases and migrating databases between platforms is mandatory g. Sound knowledge of Backup and Recovery using RMAN, SQL BackTrack, hot and cold backups, Dataguard, export/import is preferred. Knowledge of Enterprise backup solutions is preferred h. Sound experience in UNIX and supporting Oracle on UNIX & Windows is mandatory i. Sound Performance tuning experience, including tkprof, AWR, ADDM, StatsPack, tracing sessions, reading explain plans is mandatory j. Knowledge of Oracle Security challenges and solutions is mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills unix export import asm windows tools database administration oracle dba pl sql dataguard experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cube InfoTech Cube infotech a premier executive search firm focusing on IT, and Senior Management Functions having blue chip client?le\ 's who retain us for their talent acquisition drives. We are currently retained by both Indian and MNC IT companies and Cube infotech have been helping them in ramping up the skill sets and have developed good head hunting skills. We are an established staffing firm operating in the IT / Telecom / Banking / Insurance and other industries providing a range of services including executive search, turnkey projects, compensation benchmarking, overseas assignments. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details