TITLE: Senior Digital Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You need to lead our efforts in digital marketing space, which primarily includes SEO and SEM. Bringing our website to top rankings in all major search keywords is your sole objective Responsibilities: Understand current trends and changes in search algorithms Making strategy for SEO work to bring website on top rankings. Constantly monitor positioning of website to ensure any fluctuations should not happen Leading junior and interns in SEO efforts Requirements: At least 2 years of work experience in SEO. Experience in SEM (Google Adwords is a plus). Highly self-driven person, who could set goals and make strategies to achieve them. Good analytical abilities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Research Role:Marketing Research Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: WINNI We want to set a benchmark in online gifting Taking birth from the idea to bridge the gap which is developing among an individual relations due to new life style, work pressure and busy schedules. We provide an option for \"How to Celebrate a Relation\". With Winni, we endeavor to create an online gifting portal(website) addressing the above need with passion of excelling in the field. In today\'s world everyone is so busy that going out to buy a gift is a pain. But you cannot miss to gift because a gift is a perfect way to tell someone how much you love them, care for them, want to make them happy, want them to have all that they want, and so many countless feelings that A GIFT can convey. Then what to do? Solution is to buy gifts online. By that you need not to be present in the city where you want gifts to be delivered and you can place order sitting anywhere, be it a bus, car, home, office, party or a beach. All you need to have is an internet connection. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details