TITLE: immigration consultant counseling sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Fastest growing company (we are now growing globally and will soon go public) Our products and services directly change lives and careers of many Indians. If youve always wanted to make a difference working with us will give you the chance to do so. It is a day job, offering an attractive salary package, including commissions and bonus Achieve work-life balance, while pursuing a meaningful career Work in a dynamic environment (no day can be boring) Get an opportunity to travel overseas Innovative user of cutting-edge technology (earliest and largest users of cloud computing in India and our Travel Platform is linked to Multicom in the UK another first in India; our network is protected by MPLS) Recognized as among the best users and implementers of technology. (Y-AXIS is the winner of Information Week EDGE Award for CRM Implementation in 2010.) Y-Axis receives over 25,000 enquiries each month. You will be responsible for counseling these enquiries and selling our services, over the phone, email in person. Advice on the overseas options available, so as to enable the candidates their family make an educated choice the right decision. Give clear and accurate information based on the current immigration visa laws policies. Provide a fair and neutral evaluation of a candidates profile. Provide a personal global career strategy customized to their needs. Achieve excellent customer service by proactively responding to client queries and advising customers on their overseas immigration and visa needs. Meet the assigned targets EMail ID : careers@y-axis.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Y-Axis Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Y-Axis Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details