TITLE: SEO Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description :- Review and analyse the areas that need to improved, deleted, or revised. Prepare detailed strategy reports. Identify the least expensive but most powerful and profitable keywords. Run pay-per-click campaigns. Improve a company\'s organic search results. Write effective headlines, body copy, and websites. Ensure websites are filled with optimal keywords. Place keywords appropriately in copy to gain most search engine traffic. Write effective call-to-action statements. Write original, powerful SEO content for blogs and websites. Implement off-page SEO content strategies such as coding. Effectively use header tags. Keep abreast of white hat and black hat tactics so as not to violate search engine guidelines. Strategize ways to improve and track site performance. Compile and present SEO performance reports. Adjust PPC campaigns as needed. Consult with independent web designers to improve the navigation of a site to enhance its search engine ranking. Utilize basic programming and web design skills to enhance SEO. Create advanced SEO strategies. Evaluate product offering, traffic, landing page quality, content, design, security, payment options, shipping options, demographics of prospective customers when determining keywords and campaigns. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills shipping seo web design ppc coding options navigation content campaigns search engine ranking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tenet Technetronics Tenet Technetronics is a Company that develops as well as distributes electronic Development Tools and services across the globe. We develop and distribute Commercial off the Shelf Technology Tools and innovations with a well organized support structure enabling optimum utilization of solutions that we deliver. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details