TITLE: Principal/Staff Design Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Principal/Staff Design Engineer 1. Participate in a global team setting on the development of advanced microcontroller products. 2. Design/modify new or existing modules in RTL to incorporate new/additional functionality based on architectural description. 3. Perform functional & timing verification at RTL & Gate Level for complex modules working from an architectural description. 4. Perform Synthesis and timing analysis. Closely work with place and route engineer on timing closure. 3. 5. Run formal verification tools to verify the construction of gate level netlist. 6. Help APR engineer to create timing ECOs. 7. Generate & debug test vectors for silicon validation. 8. Debug of complex silicon issues. 9. Technical mentoring & supervision of junior persons. Requirements The candidate must have B.E. (Electronics) degree. M.E. / M. Tech (Electronics/Microelectronics) preferred. Candidate must have 9 to 15 years of experience working in CMOS VLSI development capacity, preferably on products that incorporate microcontrollers for embedded control applications. Strong digital design skills and experience in verilog behavioral modeling is essential. Experience with Simulation tools (Modelsim, NC-Verilog, VCS), Synopsys tools such as Design Compiler, Prime Time, DFT compiler and Formality. Good understanding of Place and Route tools such as IC Compiler. Knowledge or experience of System Verilog, Perl and TCL is an added advantage. The candidate will be working as a part of global VLSI design team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills perl development embedded verification tcl system verilog dft validation microcontroller synthesis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Qusol Consultancy Private Limited Qusol, a private limited company commenced its journey in the field of Recruitment and HR consulting in the year 2003 and has never turned back. Driven by people with in-depth and hands on experience Qusol team is imbued with the virtues of communication, management, technology, business analysis, solution providing & project management. The clients have shown their trust in our recruitment methodology and we have been striving to improve on a constant and consistent basis to live up true to their expectations and true to our Motto of " To keep pace with the corporate needs". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details