TITLE: ACCOUNTS EXECUTIVE

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description: Experience - 0 to 1 year Job responsibility 1. Petty cash Operations 2. Bank Work - DD, NEFT, RTGS, FD, BG APPLICATION. ETC 3. Travelling Expenses reimbursements 4. Preparing BRS 5. Payment of TT\\\'s & Imports documentation 7. General bills payments 8. Preparation of sales invoices 9. Filing & documentation 10. Fixed Assets Register updation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills operations fixed assets brs payments petty cash filing rtgs tt imports documentation sales invoices Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Panacea Medical Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Panacea Medical technologies Pvt. Ltd. emerged as India\'s leading inventor and implementer of latest and best leading technologies enabled to come up with preeminent added value and advanced medical equipments for Radiotherapy and Radiology. Panacea has been promoted by technocrats committed to deliver technologically superior solutions to its customers. Panacea is committed to develop and strengthen the human resources and attract the best talent to deliver the right solution to the customer. Panacea is a technology based company and has a team of talented, dedicated and inspired engineers, with expertise in the area of advanced medical equipment design, constantly at work to develop excellent products. Panacea has developed many technologies related to radiation therapy and diagnosis. The Company has presently launched two products related to Oncology. It is developing many more products based on the above core technologies. Panacea strives to offer a total solution to setting up an Oncology center. Panacea believes in delivering the most competitive product / solution to the customer. This is achieved by harnessing the latest technology. Panacea strives to employ the best techniques / technology to deliver the most optimum product that is relevant to the customer. The lifetime cost of owning the product will be the lowest. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details