TITLE: Senior Database Developer / Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About us: We are a software product company that provides integrated software solutions and consultancy services to assist life sciences organizations to maintain regulatory compliance, manage and mitigate risk and improve operational efficiency. We have over 20 years of industry experience and currently work with over 200 customers in the pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and related industries. We employ over 1000 people in our offices across the globe and two development centres in India. The flexible design of our software solutions make them both highly scalable and highly configurable, eliminating the need for costly customization. They can be deployed standalone or are easily integrated with each other and your existing key business systems. As a result they can be easily adapted to meet the needs of any situation and implemented in any size or type of company. We are looking for a Sr. Database Developer with NoSq l ; PL/SQL expertise (prefer to have past experience from software product based company) to work in our Analytics wing in a leading flagship enterprise product. As a Sr.Database developer/ Lead he / she will have to: Design and develop leading product To develop and deliver codes for the work assigned in accordance with time| quality and cost standards. To provide client support by presenting data, information, ticket resolution and day to day support activities like monitoring client requirements To provide support for enhancement (major and minor) or new developments based on business requirements as provided by the client as well as from the functional and technical team on the project. To interact with the customer and internal teams to gather requirements for development purposes. Education: Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Masters or Bachelors Degree in software related technology with 5+ years of relevant experience Technical Skill: 5 - 8 years of hands on experience as Database Engineer primarily in NoSq l Databases and experience to following technologies Oracle PL/SQL, SQL Tuning ; XML (These are key required skills) Nice to have JSON skill Hands-on development of complex SQL queries, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers using PL/SQL. Having experience of designing and developing products highly desirable. Must be able to conceptualize at an abstraction level. Non Technical Skills: Self-starter with initiative and ability to handle unstructured situations Competencies : (Competencies requirement for the candidate to perform the task) Creates and maintains good working and professional environment. Positive Attitude Dependability ; Accountability Proactive Motivator/Mentor Ability to collaborate in striving to achieve the goals Good Interpersonal Relations and Communication skills Personal Traits: (Personality attributes required like initiative, perseverance, problem solving, critical thinking, etc.) Positive attitude Analytical and problem solving and Decision making skills. Initiative and commitment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development pharmaceutical analytical life sciences analytics monitoring proactive problem solving operational xml Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aris Global Software Pvt. Ltd. Aris Global Software Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details