TITLE: Manager Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this If you are an individual who has the attention to detail and are exploring ways of putting your accounting skills to good use for a cause, we have a role for you. Rang De is looking for a Manager, Finance to join the Rang De Team. The individual will be responsible for day to day accounting activities within the organization. The person will also verify the related corrective actions to ensure compliance with Rang De\'s guidelines and SLAs. Roles/Responsibilities: Conducts day to day accounting Liaises with field partners with regard to their Supports the development of corrective actions and ensuring compliance with Rang De\'s guidelines and process requirements. Performs audits to determine successful implementation countermeasures and corrective actions Documents and manages the data for periodic reporting of audit Tests and documents the existence of effective internal controls in areas of accounting and operations. Performs other duties including accounts and operational Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Knowledge of generally accepted auditing standards, generally accounting principles, financial statements and reports, accounting ledgers and journals. Expert in accounting. Ability to review and analyze statements. Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Ability to work independently. Education and Experience Bachelor\'s or Master\'s degree in accounting, finance. 2 years experience of working with a chartered accountant firm as an auditor. The experience as an Article Clerk will also be counted. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rang De Rang De Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details