TITLE: Manager of Customer Success

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities ldquoIs to be the Customer Champion!rdquo Connect with customers/prospects to understand requirements and use-cases in depth. Work with the customers and implementation team to deliver insights on their data using DataRPM and project manage the delivery process end-to-end. Coordinate with solution architects, data science, engineering, product management, QA teams to ensure timely and smooth deliver of value for the customer use cases. Define, monitor and moderate all customer communications to ensure effective communication Manage customer relationships. Set and manage expectations. Help existing customers get the maximum value out of DataRPM by helping them define and refine use-case on a continuous basis. Ensure customer happiness and success with DataRPM. Define metrics to track customer success and leverage data to improve customer experience. Learn from customers their pain points and help product management improve the product to cater to them. Support the sales/pre-sales and marketing team with use-cases. Coordinate and work with Implementation Partners to deliver a great customer experience. Ensure the Customer Support channel efficiency. Hire, mentor and manage the customer solutions and support team. Criteria and Qualification 7 to 10 years of experience Solid experience with Customer Management and Operations for Big Data Analytics domain. Experience with Big Data use-cases is a must like: Customer Analytics, Fraud Detection, Recommendation, Machine Data / Internet of Things (IOT), Security Analytics etc. Experience of managing analytics use-cases for one or more multiple domains of Financial Services, High Tech, Retail / ECommerce, Telecommunication Strong knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem Hands-on experience of handling multiple customers and multiple use-cases in parallel Strong expertise in team management, cross team coordination and project management Knowledge of statistics / data mining / data science is a big plus. Extremely customer focused, strong operational mindset and a passion for problem solving. Reports to: Senior Director of Operations in US Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills operations project management analytics data mining product management team management customer support problem solving pre sales telecommunication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: DataRPM DataRPM is the fastest, easiest, and most dynamic solution for Big Data Discovery. Our patent-pending Computational Search Graph technology enables breakthrough speeds, breathtaking agility, seamless scale, and real-time results. With Instant Answers, the industry\ 's only big data solution with a Natural Language Interface, organizations are beating back the challenges of their big data Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details