TITLE: Sr Software Engineer - Systems - C/C

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To build next-generation web applications which are effient, reusable front-end abstractions and systems. Explore and design dynamic and compelling consumer experiences. Work closely with designers to implement versatile front-end solutions while embrang emerging standards and pushing the limits of what a browser can do. Actively partipate in design and code reviews to build robust applications and prototypes. Interacting with other team members to passionately collaborate our innovations with teams Analyse system function and performance requirements to support design concepts. What are we looking for? Minimum qualifications Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ajax Command an impressive portfolio of the latest UI technologies Experience with web libraries such as JQuery and at least one framework such as AngularJS, underscore js, and backbone js Preferred qualifications - For building targeted ad-insertion solutions on digital video receivers, Amagi desires that - You love working close to hardware and is a masochist when it comes to hard-to-solve memory leaks, MIPS issues and interrupt latenes - You have experience with a number of real time operating systems such as Linux, ThreadX, and Nucleus. In particular you have worked with file systems, memory management, concurrency, mutual exclusion and message processing in real time operating system scenarios - You have a deep understanding of fundamental data structures and algorithms, particularly those that might apply to file systems, data communication protocols and real-time media processing - You have experience in working with digital media technologies (Espeally MPEG-2 or MPEG-4) at systems layer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills front end digital media linux javascript data communication standards mips ajax file systems algorithms Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Amagi Media Labs Pvt. Ltd. Amagi is Indias largest Ad network, handling over a million Ad seconds every month. Amagi, with its patented platform and ecosystem of partners, brings a comprehensive platform for advertisers to take advantage of this innovation, in terms of regional measurement, monitoring, creatives and media planning methodologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details