TITLE: Opportunity Sde-ii, Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Amazon JD: The BuyVIP tech team in Bangalore is looking for an experienced, innovative, results-oriented mobile Software Development Engineer. BuyVIP is Amazons flagship Flash Sale site in the EU offering deeply discounted hand-picked styles from popular brands. We are established in three marketplaces, Germany, Spain and Italy, with potential for growth across the EU. We have complete end to end technical ownership of the e-commerce stack for all three marketplaces across the PC website, device optimized website for phones and tablets, native iPhone and iPad app and native android phone and tablet app. This is a great destination for engineers who are seeking opportunities that provide both depth and breadth. We are growing our development team including designers and product managers tasked with the goal of making BuyVIP a world class flash sale destination in the EU. Our website and apps integrated and built on top of Amazon services from the ground up are highly scalable with low latency and a simple elegant CX. This position is for a highly dynamic mobile software engineer, who will drive the mobile app development. You will be a key member of this team, dedicated to our ongoing effort to launch best of breed features across multiple marketplaces. We prefer candidates who can thrive in a fast paced, high energy and fun work environment where we deliver value incrementally and frequently. If this sounds like you, we definitely want to hear from you today. This position offers the opportunity to collaborate with our business team in Luxembourg and other tech teams in Bangalore as we raise the bar in delivering innovation. Primary responsibilities: - Provide technical leadership, architect, develop, deploy, and support software systems within an Agile/Scrum environment - Work closely with the other engineers and product managers to design and develop the best technical solutions to meet business needs - Build and maintain world-class customer experience and operational excellence for your deliverables - Manage and execute against project plans and delivery commitments - Document and present technical solutions to product stakeholders - Help recruit world class Software Engineers Basic Qualifications - Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field - 5- 12 years professional experience in software development - Experience in native mobile app development in either iOS or Android - Computer Science fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures, algorithm design and problem solving and complexity analysis. - Proficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Objective-C, Java or C++ Preferred Qualifications - Ability to take a project from initial scoping requirements through actual launch and support of the project - Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment - Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the fill software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations - Clear, professional communication skills, able to contribute to team discussions, knowing when to contribute, when to listen, and when to ask questions - Proactively and continually improve their level of knowledge about Amazons business and relevant technologies, and use this knowledge to deliver high quality, accurate software deliverables. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd An e-commerce leading company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details