TITLE: Monitoring Support Opportunity with Teksystems

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, This is to let you know that we have Monitoring Support (Hardware and Network Support experience) opportunity for one of our fortune 500 product development client to be based out of Bangalore. The details of the position are as follows: Role - Monitoring Support Experience: 0.6-3 years Responsibilities - Ensures incidents reach resolution through the standard incident process. Follow up with the engineers who own the incidents and service calls which are nearing the SLA/SLO threshold. Monitors the incidents and service calls, to ensure they regularly updated, as per the SLA. Guarantees all incidents have an owner. Ensure close collaboration, coordination and synchronization with Operational Team Leads/Delivery Leads, and that processes and linkages between Technology teams are strong and adhered to during incidents Follow expectations for quality services and processes set out by the Account. Review documentation for new or changed procedures specific to Incident Management process. Be proactive in communicating the process improvements to the Shift Leads. Monitor the case management queue(s) to ensure active work is done on a timely manner ensuring the evolution of the incident from creation to closure follows all pre-requisite steps with valid and regular communication. Ensure complete and accurate status information within tracked Incident Tickets. Escalate to the Operational Team Lead, or Shift Leader out of Hours, for assistance if unable or unlikely to bring an incident to its closure in the required time due to process breakdown Periodic review of Incident Management Procedures and look for improvement in both Incident Management and Problem Management. Manage any immediate, delivery irregularities or issues and inform the Shift Manager and/or BestShore Account Delivery Manager, wherever appropriate, to provide a proposal(s) for rectification or adaptation Provides cross team communication when multiple teams are involved in the resolution of the ticket. (Immediate) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. TEKsystems-* A US based $4.3 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is an $11Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 82% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world. * Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1500+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 100 & Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the third consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2014. We are ranked No.43 for the year 2014. * Please visit - www.teksystems.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details