TITLE: Senior Software Dev Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation- Senior Software Development Engineer Job Location- Chennai / Bangalore Desired Experience 4 - 6 Years Role Description: We are seeking extremely smart programmers who are gung ho about building large scale systems that are going to have a big impact on millions of customers around the world. Key Responsibilities 2+ years experience in software product development and delivery Experience leading design and development of products with team Bachelors or Masters engineering degree from a reputed college (preferably IITs, NITs, CEG-Anna Univ, BITS, Pune Univ) Strong grasp of CS fundamentals, Algorithm and excellent problem solving abilities. Experience with hands on coding and independent ownership of software components Advanced knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices. Experience with Java, PHP, MySQL, JavaScript Desired Candidate Profile Tier 1 Engg college All experience should be from good product development or E-commerce background only. The candidate must have shown good stability in all his/her previous associations. BankBazaar.com is Indias first neutral online marketplace that gives you instant customized rate quotes on loans, credit cards or any other personal finance products. Anyone can instantly search for tailor-made offers, compare, customize it as per his or her need or profile and apply for their finance products on Bankbazaar.com. It is designed with smart technology capabilities and over 23 of Indias leading financial institutions and insurance firms have chosen to integrate themselves with the platform. For the online consumer today, banking is as easy as shopping for anything online. It is enjoyable, empowering and transparent. Just like shopping. Whats more, BankBazaar.com's services are completely free! BankBazaar services are available through the web-portal, made-for-mobile web service or the BankBazaar app available on the Android play store and iOS app store. It helps consumers compare best offers across various banks and NBFCs. Apart from the above, it gives the consumer the latest news/ trends and insights into managing your finances better. The consumers can track their application and trouble-shoot issues in the process through a host of channels like the BankBazaar app, WhatsApp, Email, Voice-support etc. BankBazaar Secured its Series C round of funding led by Amazon.com with part+B4icipation from Fidelity Growth Partners and Mousse Partners. Existing investors Sequoia Capital and Walden International also participated in the Series C funding round. People LOVE working here because weve got: # Fast-paced release cycles # An ability to contribute ideas & watch them come to life # Ownership & autonomy of area # A problem-solving environment # An analytics-driven decision-making culture # An obsession about The Customer # Smart & nice people (even if we say so ourselves) # Tiny creature comforts like snacks, drinks, movie treats, games If youre done watching from the sidelines and have got what it takes, why not jump in and join us? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd BankBazaar.com is India's first neutral online marketplace that gives you instant customized rate quotes on loans, credit cards or any other personal finance products.Anyone can instantly search for tailor-made offers, compare, customize it as per his or her need or profile and apply for their finance products on Bankbazaar.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details