TITLE: Director Data Science

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You are a champion in any Data Analytics Platform. Knows how to handle structured and un-structured data. Can productize analytical observations. You would have built Analytics suite of products for Retailers/CPG/FMCG/Banks orgs. Mathematician by heart and hands on in the current role. Loves programming. - Has experience in Advanced Analytics skills, Machine Learning methodologies,Optimizations. - Loves being challenged by team from code level to a deployment of Analytical solutions. - Interested to be a part of an Analytics Product organization. - Exp- 10 years in Retail Analytics/Product Analytics/Research Labs/Customer Analytics/Machine Learning/Predictive Analytics/IP - Exposure to tools like SAS,SPSS,R etc. - Carries a strong pedigree relevant to Analytics/Mathematics - Should have strong knowledge of SDLC,programming languages What you will do- - You will work hands on implementation of Advanced analytical methodologies,Work on Innovative Research to build analytical products for client. - Build the Intellectual property repository for the team and organization. - You will productize your own analytical solutions,design to deploy end to end solutions for Global Retail/CPG/FMCG clients . - Manage a handful team of Data scientists/geeks. - You will face the clients to navigate them through your products and see that incremental value delivered. If you are ready for to take that mind shift please connect with me to know more about the role. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM - Analytics & BI Keyskills ip sas sdlc analytics spss machine learning tools analytical fmcg intellectual property Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd.Â Rinalytics Advisors Pvt. Ltd.Â Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details