TITLE: Principal Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Come Join "PI Team " as "Principal Network Engineer" Provide advanced troubleshooting through proven technical expertise Identifies opportunities for automation and drives outcomes that would significantly improve quality, time to market and operational efficiencies Identifies and delivers technical and process improvements that helps in significantly improving availability Develop the most advanced designs centering on strategic interfaces or application accommodations of critical importance to Intuit Work on extremely complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of identifiable or intangible variables Build network roadmaps and designs that support innovative application features involving multiple organizations and lines of business, enabling visible competitive advantage to Intuit??s product offerings Accommodate emergent business technical requirements into network design requirements Act as a subject matter expert in multiple network technology areas Establish network design and prototype evaluation criteria and processes Educate senior management, technical and non- technical audiences on network designs and their implications for operations or the business Proactively identify and mitigate technological and process issues in the best interest of Intuit??s business objectives Initiate, develop, and drive the adoption of product and process improvements Document and communicate objectives, requirements, and designs to both technical and non- technical audiences. Review and provide quality assurance on all proposed designs within owned and related architectures for quality and adherence to the Architectural Standards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills operations networking automation drives cisco monitoring juniper troubleshooting quality assurance ideas Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelor\'s Degree and 14 years of related experience in a high- capacity, high- impact online environment CCIE Datacenter CCIE Security is highly preferred Proven track record of delivering roadmaps and designs that has been a game changer in improving business outcomes Experience in designing and supporting expansive cloud and hybrid- cloud networks Ability to navigate Design, Implementation and Operations teams towards resolution of complex technical issues Extensive hands- on experience in heterogeneous product lines such as Cisco Nexus, ASA, ACI, Iron Port, Juniper SRX andF5 Strong working knowledge of Cisco ACI (Application Centric Infrastructure) and/or other Software Defined Networking Proven ability to manage large, highly visible infrastructure projects to completion Excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills. Strong organizational and leadership skills. Ability to influence senior leaders and architects Passionate about networking with industry peers and leaders and contributes to technical communities through debates, articles, presentations and other means of developing others Hands- on experience troubleshooting complex n- tier web applications Expert knowledge TCP/IP, SSL Certificate Management, DNS, DHCP, operating systems, and applications data flows In depth knowledge on configuring and optimizing Network device monitoring and alerting. Ability to have constructive debates to reach the best outcome for Intuit Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation. Year- over- year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on Fortune??s ??100 Best Companies To Work For?? and Fortune World??s ??Most Admired Software Companies?? lists. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide. Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry. Utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market ?? from QuickBooks?, Quicken?, and TurboTax?, to GoPayment, Mint. com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile apps. The breadth and depth of these customer- driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit. Discover what it??s like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. It??s time to love what you do! Check out all of our career opportunities at: http://jobs. intuit. com . Intuit is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Company Profile: Intuit Technology Services Pvt Ltd Intuit Technology Services Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details