TITLE: SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills: Experience in executing creative social media marketing campaigns Attention to detail, without ignoring the big picture Needless to say, You should be able to write well. Please share sample stuff beyond tweets and facebook messages. You must be capable to take up marketing and promotional activities through other channels Finally, You must be comfortable in a small company environment. Candidate Profile: A social media visionary with deep creativity who will question the status quo Graduation / Post Graduation in Arts / Science background 3-5 yearsrsquo experience in managing websites / social media for a B2B offering mandatory 1-2 Work experience in SaaS Product / Technology platform company preferred You should have worked in one of the following domains - Marketing, Communication, Inside Sales, Tech Documentation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills social media social media marketing facebook documentation attention to detail promotional activities saas experience content marketing managing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Myfriday Founded in 2012, Myfriday is an operational analytics company with a vision to democratize operational data. We guide service enterprises to improve their operational effectiveness by engaging the operational workforce on big data. We believe the last mile employee is the only one who holds the key to better business outcomes, by influencing the decision of a customer or the performance of a machine. Our AIR Framework creates contextual awareness of operational metrics to engage and to reward employees on business outcomes. At the core of the framework lies our proprietary data transformation engine, that can convert enterprise data into Actions, Insights and Rewards (AIR) by defining dynamic business rules. Our customers across domains like Retail, Healthcare and Contact Centers have seen tangible benefits ranging from 18% 26% improvement in operational outcomes within 8 weeks of go live. These outcomes are accomplished through a custom configured solution of real time predictive dashboards, diagnostic insights, prescriptive actions and collaborative campaigns. Myfriday benefits from our esteemed network of investors and advisors, who are industry leaders in their respective domain. The company has presence across key markets including USA, UK, India, Middle East and Philippines either directly or through partners. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details