TITLE: Product Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A versatile Java developer passionate about developing sophisticated, mission critical software applications. Academic Qualifications : Engineering BE/ BTECH ( preferably in Electrical, Electronics, Computer Science ), ideally with a Masters ME/ MTECH specialization in Computer science. Work Experience : A minimum of 2 yrs and ideally 10 Yrs in the development of java applications, mainly high availability products . Expertise of Java 1.5 and JSF / Facelets, JPA / Hibernate, J2EE, UML and Spring is mandatory, additional experience in XML , XSLT Eclipse IDE, Documentation, Junit, Tomcat, is highly desirable. Exposure to development methodologies like UML, PKI JMS or any other MOM and back end ORACLE is strong advantage . Programming Skills : Proficiency in java 1.5, J2EE is mandatory. Exposure to Windows and development environments like Eclipse, UML is highly desirable, Unit testing tools like JUNIT and version control tools like subversion is an advantage. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge and experience in developing high availability highly secure products in banking domain. Aptitude : Enthusiastic, Creative, Team player and Excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in being a part of small international team of specialists working to deliver breakthrough products in banking will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java j2ee hibernate development windows uml tomcat quality assurance jsf jms Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc At the crossroads of ideas and entrepreneurship, Diginoc is where concepts considered avant garde evolve into exciting business ventures. Cutting across industries, we bring together visionary entrepreneurs, talented professionals and industry veterans from the world over to deliver truly path-breaking technologies and venture-spin-offs. At Diginoc, the focus of innovation extends beyond technology to the new business models needed for todays dynamic and complex global economy. Orchestrating a formidable synergy between direct market access through ventures incorporated across key international markets, strategic partnerships with industry partners, and shared off-shoring, Diginoc is fast emerging as an important innovation hub for technology and business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details