TITLE: Senior Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this MBA graduates with 8-10 years experience with a technical background like B. E, B. Tech, B. Sc, etc. Having in depth proficiency in Services marketing & sales. We are looking for people who can draw marketing strategies for the servies, lead the sales team, and implement those strategies, in turn improve the sales. The candidate should have good communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Good personal contacts with the previous clients are an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills mba negotiation skills business development manager b sc b tech services marketing marketing strategies marketing marketing sales b e Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Manvish eTech Pvt. Ltd. Manvish was started in the year 1999 as an IT services, solutions and IT Consulting Company to help enterprises transform into digital workplaces & improve process efficiency. Manvish over the period has diversified its operations, grown into one of the India\ 's premier organizations, developing sophisticated hi-tech hardware & software products, providing embedded solutions, enterprise resource planning, engineering solutions, content development, web services, software services & solutions for a basic service provider or a client to a complex network/cluster of service centers, which has become the necessity of the day. An excellent process methodology brings home the advantage of delivering solutions on time, every time. Manvish has also developed indigenous customizable hand held computers, which can be used in multitude of applications, these products are available through direct selling, resellers, channel partners, and authorized representatives. The core management consists of Doctorates and Post Graduates in IT, Engineering and Business Administration disciplines from premier institutions, each one with a strong industrial background and IT experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details