TITLE: iOS - Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in iOS (5.0 and 6.0) and Max OS X development. Must be familiar with the iPhone/iPad provisioning process , app store (should have distributed apps and successfully submitted to App store) Experience in building ldquouniversalrdquo apps that run on both iPad and iPhone Experience in Core Data and Core Graphics and Animation, using Push Notifications Extensive experience in Objective-C and MVC best practices, Cocoa Touch or Cocoa programming idioms Must be familiar with iOS development tools, especially the Instruments profiling tool. Experience on web service integration (SOAP, REST, JSON, XML) Experience of development using web technologies Good understanding of OO programming and design patterns Experience in working with version control software (specifically Git and Subversion). Ability and flexibility to switch between different tasks and deliver results Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work independently Team player driven to achieve both individual and team goals. Experience working in an Agile development environment is a plus Java Development experience (Good to have) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java xml development iphone design patterns objective c mvc graphics json animation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mobinius Technologies Pvt.Ltd Mobinius Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is an emerging software company specializing in Software services product for Mobile, Windows and Mac OS platforms. We bring great advantage to your business space by bridging gaps, simplifying your business, elevating competitive benefits, by providing technology based business solutions. Our constant innovation & research in mobile and web technologies enriched us to become one of the best players in the market. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details