TITLE: Quiz Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Build technical content. The content includes from building quiz questions, answers, programming questions from simple topics like HTML/CSS to machine learning, AI, android iOS, big data, Operating Systems, DBMS, servers. Generate content from home or when you have free time. Generate atleast 50 to 80 questions from any topic, any resource, per week. Interact with programmer communities, college coding groups, open source communities and understand how to engage with them. Attend Hackathons of your choice. Contribute to the ways the platform can be made much more engaging and can reach out to a larger audience. Work closely with the product management, development and customer support team to develop high quality documentation for product. Required Skills 1 years of experience in technical writing Strong verbal and written communication skills with an excellent command of the English language Must be able to quickly filter information and present it in a clear and concise manner Should be socially active on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Slide share. Ability to meet deadlines, multi-task, and manage multiple projects and work effectively in a team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills development customer support product management coding open source facebook android technical writing linkedin twitter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HACKEREARTH INC HackerEarth is a tech startup based in Bangalore, India. We are building the largest platform to engage with programmers around the world. Today there is no interesting place where programmers can interact and collaborate with each other, and most importantly do one thing that they absolutely love to do - write code. Being passionate programmers ourselves, this is a problem very close to our hearts and we are striving to solve it, and we are looking for great people to join us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details