TITLE: Design Validation and Test (DVT)-FCOE/SCSI

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Design and develop the test plan and test cases based on Market Requirement Document (MRD), Product Requirement Document (PRD) and Engineering Functional Specification. Participate in review of NIC/TOE design and functions, such as FCoE and iSCSI, and projects. Develop the plan and budget on the test equipments, which include NIC cards, servers, switches, test harness tools, switch, storage, tc. Provide the gap-analysis in the test coverage and develops the test cases to bridge the gap. Implement process to effectively utilize equipment remotely between the USA and India locations. Have the knowledge and experience on test life cycle, from test architecture, test design and development, test execution, test report and bug reports. Provide support for field and/or OEM customer regarding to the gap in the test plan and test cases. Required Skill: 5 to 8 years of experience as a senior QA engineers, and at least three years as Lead in the test development. Minimum of 6-8 years of exp with networking protocols like TCP/IP, UDP, ethernet. Must have in-depth knowledge on networking, including TCP/IP, UDP Protocol, device driver, TOE. Knowledge on FC or ISCSI will be a plus. Must have in-depth knowledge in any 2 of the 3 operating systems listed (1) Linux (RHEL and SuSE), (2) Windows (Windows 2003 and Windows 2008), (3) VMware ESX. Must have a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills linux networking development switches ethernet test cases test plan iscsi scsi udp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ONS SEARCH ONS SEARCH Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details