TITLE: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Sales & Support of an OPD & EMR Solution App Called as iQH (an android app) Help Doctors at Hospitals/Clinics market themselves better by selling advertising space to them on company website Effectively search prospective clients, generate sales and support after-sales service Advise clients on relevant and impactful benefits of using the iQH App Prepare result reports & MIS and interpret them for clients. Also suggest measures to improve the effectiveness of the marketing campaign using apps. Manage end-to-end client relationship including pitching, negotiation, contracting, billing / invoicing, payment collection, graphic design support (with the help of the Graphics Team) , campaign activations, result tracking and troubleshooting Requirements: 0 - 1.5 years of work experience. Relevant experience in sales is a bonus! Familiarity with the geography of the location Excellent oral and written communication skills in English Knowledge of how to operate a laptop / PC, good typing speed and working knowledge of Microsoft Office Intelligent, enthusiastic and self-motivated individuals Should be comfortable working in large multi-cultural teams Very high ethical standards Comfortable with ambiguity and unpredictable work hours Proven track record of achieving revenue targets Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development selling mis laptop billing website english pc troubleshooting graphics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ikonTel Welcome to iKonTel. We are a next generation service provider with an endeavor to offer cost-effective high end quality solutions, focused on addressing customers pain areas. We offer a broad portfolio of core enterprise & industry specific services by implementing smart basics combined with proficient and first-rate execution model. Since our inception, iKonTels been focused on customer-centric innovation; constantly searching for new and different ways to solve client problems and build stronger businesses. That culture continues to thrive, permeating the company from the top down and setting it apart from competitors focused solely on execution of repetitive Telecom and Health Care in India. At iKonTel, we nurture Innovation, for ourselves and especially for our clients. iKonTel couples its deep process knowledge, insights and best practices with industry experience and strong domain knowledge to deliver a comprehensive solution. The strong executive leadership team & consultants have over 200 man yrs of collective experience in the industry which gives us the unique ability of providing consulting services to our clients. In every area, we go from meeting simple transactional needs to providing process management capabilities, where complex decision making and keen judgment are required. The advantage for the client is of Development, Delivery and Execution expertise from iKonTel. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details