TITLE: Sr. Ruby on Rails Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Job Description: Knowledge of Agile Methodology & MVC framework. Experience using Ruby on Rails ( version 2.x or 3.x ) in development, testing , migration , Plugins , gems , inheritance , filters , helpers , caching. Solid skills on Javascript , HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, & JS Frameworks (jQuery) Experience writing unit and functional tests( Test Driven Development). Working knowledge of web and application servers (preferably Tomcat) Strong Object Oriented design skills & Good English communication skills is required. Desired Candidate Profile: Candidates with BTech/BE/MTech/MCA/ BSc IT will be preferred. 3-5 years of experience in developing web application using Ruby on Rails Framework Knowledge of Deploying Ruby on Rails application using Capistrano, Webistrano or something else. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development btech filters english gems mca xml javascript ajax ruby on rails Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism More than 30% Selection Ratio thereby reducing the HR Time & Efforts. Optimum Satisfaction for Each Selected Candidate. To work in close coordination with each & every clients for their Executive Search & Consulting requirements. To provide value added services apart from the normal requirements for each assignments. To execute each and every assignment with utmost Trust & Integrity. To adhere to follow & maintain the Strict norms of the client & their code of ethics. To thoroughly crosscheck the short listed candidates profile before they appear for interview. To act as an Internal HR of the Company rather than considered as Placement Agency. To serve each Candidate & Client with utmost respect, honesty & Professionalism. To provide the guarantee of each & every selected candidate as per the Service Agreement Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details