TITLE: Human Capital Management - Global Leadership and Diversity

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Goldman Sachs aims to be the employer, advisor, and investment of choice by attracting and retaining the best and most diverse talent. Through our leadership and diversity efforts, integrated talent management processes and vibrant affinity network programmes, we work to provide a supportive and inclusive environment where all individuals, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or other classification can maximize their potential. The Office of Global Leadership & Diversity ("GLD") reinforces our culture of meritocracy by advancing leadership and management skills and integrating diversity considerations into our business and talent management processes. The individual in this role in GLD will play a critical role in working within HCM and across all divisions in Bangalore to execute initiatives that support the firm\'s diversity mission to create an environment which attracts, retains and maximises the development of its diverse community of employees. The individual will work closely with members of each of the three teams within the Talent Management function, namely Recruiting, Goldman Sachs University and GLD Globally, to provide a seamless and effective diversity service to the business in attracting, retaining and developing its talent. RESPONSIBILITIES: Effective execution of initiatives to support the firm\'s diversity mission, working closely within HCM, the Talent Management function and across all divisions in Bangalore. Lead end to end project management of key diversity initiatives and programs through the course of the year Liaise with GLD team members locally and globally as well as with Network members on diversity initiatives. This also includes working closely with the Diversity Steering group and the Networks and Forums that exist in Bengaluru office Advise and support the Affinity Network members during launch of network months. Execute on all administrative responsibilities related to budgeting, invoicing, vendor empanelment in a timely and efficient manner Draft diversity communications and briefing papers for internal and external purposes (e.g. press publications, public speaking engagements and other external diversity related networks and groups) under supervision of manager Liaise with the GLD teams globally and HCM strategy and management locally to send out regular communication on internal and external event updates and quarterly newsletter updates. Interface with internal partners (Corporate Communications, Charitable Services, Legal, Employee Relations, Wellness, Goldman Sachs University, HCM Generalists) on key projects Analyse statistics on key demographic trends and manage distribution of diversity reports and statistics to key stakeholders in Bangalore. Support the firms participation in benchmarking surveys and regional award submissions Build knowledge and expertise as a diversity and inclusion professional by focussing on research, intelligence and external developments in the diversity arena. EXPERIENCE: Demonstrated interest and involvement in diversity initiatives Experience working in best- in- class, global organizations known for excellence in creative inclusive environment at work Good team player with a willingness to learn Experience of project management with demonstrated ability to manage multiple large, complex time- sensitive projects Preferred Qualifications Drive and determination to help GS be a best in class diversity organization Appreciation of and interest in diversity issues in the region Keen learner attitude, thoughtful and proactive Focus on problem solving, ability to organise and prioritise work effectively Sound developed written skills and drafting ability Good oral communication Strong interpersonal skills and networking ability Ability to relate effectively to a wide range of individuals and cultures Good judgment and strong sense of discretion and confidentiality Goldman Sachs is an equal opportunity employer. ? The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2015. All rights reserved. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details