TITLE: Business Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Webcrea Technologies | Careers Bangalore: +91 8884570439, Chennai: +91 8883599902, +91 8883602224 Current Openings Webcrea Technologies has quality-driven people working like crazy and are passionate about their stuff.You will see a challenging career growth and global exposure to latest trends and developments. At Webcrea Technologies, non-passionate workers are not welcomed.We are looking for smart, forward thinking problem solvers to join our team of higher attitude.Check on your skill sets and apply to join our team. To work with MVC developments and frameworks like CODEIGNITER or CAKEPHP.. To work with ECOMMERCE Developments usingMVC frameworks. OPENCART Exposure is a plus. Sound Knowledge of PHP MySQL. And good knowledge of CSS, Ajax and Java Script. To operate efficiently with HTML, CSS, JQUERY, MYSQL. Designing Exposure is a plus.. To have good English communication skills in speaking and writing. Having excellent Logical and Analytical skills with self motivated personality.. To interact with client requirements in and abroad India, work on their requirements and propose broad solutions. To work out solution plans with documentation. To code web page designs, Ecommerce Applications and Web based Applications. To be able to self-validate the logics and solve problems. 2+ years experience as a Web Developer with a minimum of 1 years of LAMP experience. Strong knowledge of object-oriented programming fundamentals. Ability to write well-abstracted, reusable code. Ability to understand /write MVC based class systems and other design patterns. 1+ years in PHP and Javascript (jQuery). 1+ years using source control systems (SVN/GIT). HTML5 and CSS3 experience. Bachelors Degree in Computer Science preferred. Must be self-motivated with the ability to achieve deadlines while working effectively within a team environment. Able to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment. To code E-Commerce Applications and Web based Applications. Workindependently and as a member of a team. CREATIVE WEB VISUALIZERS DESIGNERS Able to work on branded design solutions with conceptual designing skills. To design and develop wireframes and then the creative designs. To prepare application UIs with rich user interactive designs. Exposure to 3D Animation skills is a plus. Exposure to Print Designs is a plus. To have good English communication skills in speaking and writing. To work fluently with Flash, Actionscript 3.0, Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML 4/5, CSS3 and JQUERY. Experience in 3D modeling and animation is an added advantage. Experience in print design technology is a plus. Graduate candidates with 2+ years of experience in marketing are preferred. Marketing experience within the IT service environment will be an added advantage. To be Confident and to have Effective Presentation skills. To have Exceptional Interpersonal Time Management skills. Should possess Good Organizational Skills and the ability to understand vital information. Candidates having a pleasing personality with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Should have experience in working and achieving targets consistently. To identify potential clients in the market and initiating our business. To identify potential business opportunities through existing database. To understand the requirements of our customer and map it to the available products of the organization or to the expertise and skills. To Ensure customer satisfaction by achieving delivery and service quality norms, building credibility, gaining market share. Able to work on branded design solutions with conceptual designing skills. To have experience in 2D, computer drawing Hand Sketching skills Good exposure towards web designing Logo designing. Exposure to Print Design is an added advantage. To have good understanding in file optimizations. To have good English communication skills in speaking and writing. To understand the design requirements of the projects and provide creative out of the box ideas. To prepare application UIs with rich user interactive designs. To design and develop wireframes and then the creative designs. To work fluently with flash, Photoshop Illustrator To work for perfection in design elements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills documentation english animation php ideas git mysql passionate photoshop javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Webcrea Technologies Webcrea Technologies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details