TITLE: Software Developer/Leads/CTO - Rang De

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this If technology is your passion and you want to use your talents to bring about real change and make a significant difference to people\'s lives through your work, we have the perfect opportunity for you. We are looking for people with medium to large scale web app & REST API development experience, Java backend experience preferred, but not necessary. Should be comfortable with SQL database design and modelling as well. Position in Bangalore. Experience level from 2 to 8 . As a Software Developer at Rang De, your role will involve: Thinking, building and sustaining software platforms and upgrades to help Rang De do what it does best - reducing the gap between investor and our entrepreneurs Understanding and empathizing with our users and stakeholders - from social investors to low- income borrowers, to build relevant, appropriate and highly engaging technology solutions Exploring and deploying cutting edge technologies across platforms - web, mobile and digital - to deepen our social impact. Develop pilots and solutions to effectively use financial inclusion technologies and infrastructure (e.g. Mobile Money) Connect with our field partners and our borrowers through field visits, to better understand ground realities and create appropriate technology solutions and interventions, e.g. using mobile and handheld devices to reduce time, cost and effort. Work closely with our impact, communications and Financial Operations teams for continuous process improvement What skills you need to be a changemaker geek: A strong sense of empathy for the underserved and the ability to understand approaches to serve them through technology and systems solutions Good problem solving skills, excellent software development experience specially in Web/Mobile technologies The ability to step out of your comfort zone, work with zeal and high energy A voracious appetite for studying new and emerging technology initiatives in the social sector like Mobile Money etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rang De Rang De Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details