TITLE: Content Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ensure that all the communication is of the highest quality in terms of messaging and language. Requirements: Good understanding of technology landscape and the content life cycle. 2-5 years experience in external communication writing core collaterals like case studies and brochures and with exposure to internal communications. B2B content writing Passion for writing Scope: Interact with stakeholders to understand the raw content and the core message to be communicated. Stakeholders include employees, prospective employees, customers, prospects, investors, analysts and media. Ask the right questions to the stakeholders to bring out the key messages. Ability to translate the raw content and re-write it in an effective way as per client brand voice. Need to quickly scale up and gain thorough understanding of the client brand guidelines. Ability to write advertising copy and also work on different types of collaterals including internal communication, brochures, case studies, white papers, blogs, PPTs, emailers, event banners and newsletters. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills internal communication content writing banners case studies messaging life cycle writing raw internal communications write Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: YORKE COMMUNICATIONS PRIVATE LIMITED Yorke Communications, an Adfactors group company, was founded by communications professionals Matilda and Peter Yorke in 2008. A specialized marketing communications company, Yorke Communications offers content that can be leveraged across platforms for the government, corporate and retail. In February 2015, with the strategic investment made by Adfactors PR, Indias No 1. PR consultancy, clients benefit from Yorke Communications integrated communication services content creation, digital marketing, design, and PR and dissemination programs. Since inception, Yorke has delivered more than 6500 artefacts to its customers and has serviced more than 100 customers. With around a 100 years of cumulative senior management experience, Yorke produces approximately 250 original collaterals every month through a team of 30 dedicated writers, designers and digital marketing specialists and an eco-system of 300 freelance consultants located in India and overseas. Yorke Communications provides tangible results for your brand through clear, concise and engaging marketing content, web management, social media and marketing programs that will interest your prospects, customers, partners and employees. Whether it is a blog post, an article or white paper, we make sure that you get well-researched, relevant and quality content through industry-wide best practices and in-depth audience analysis. Our added understanding of Internet Marketing, Search-Engine Optimization and Social Media ensures that the content is search-engine optimized, disseminated to generate traffic to your website, and helps in lead, thereby increasing your organizations visibility on the web. We also provide simple reports to help you ascertain the effectiveness of your campaigns. We would be happy to help your marketing and communication teams write and edit better. Therefore, we offer training programs which can be appropriately structured depending on the years of experience and skill set of the participants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details