TITLE: Physiotherapist For Bangalore , Chennai and Hyderabad

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. To assess the physical condition of clients to plan appropriate fitness regime 2. To use a range of techniques to strengthen and stretch muscles and joints to improve fitness 3. To educate clients to lead healthy lifestyles. 4. To maintain patient records. 5. To work in association with other experts to customize fitness program for client. 6. To keep record of clients progress. 7. Help improve breathing patterns and encourage clients to relax and enjoy life. 8. To attend all staff and training meetings as and when directed by the Center Manager 9. To ensure that all duties are carried out in line with VLCC policies with high standards of personal appearance and personal hygiene. 10. Devices a programme, under the general guidance of the Slimming Manager and in association with other fitness experts such as Dietician and Centre Physician. 11. To conduct physio group activity every week for the clients. 12. To monitor the placements of Pads, appliances & the technique of the therapies and train the entire staff on the same. 13. To supervise the specialized packages-ie Packages for medical conditions. 14. To execute the specialized packages them selves. 15. To ensure soft skills are implemented by all. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Wellness / Fitness / Sports Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Physiotherapist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VLCC Health Care Ltd Guided by the vision of Transforming Lives, the VLCC Group seeks to urge self transformation, spread happiness and imbibe every individual with wellness for life. These three mantras have been the pillars of strength for the Company since it was founded by Mrs. Vandana Luthra in 1989. Till date they remain the firm foundation upon which the company continues to build its success story.By redefining wellness, VLCC has revolutionized the wellness industry to acquire the status of being the Number 1 Wellness Brand in South Asia & Middle East, with a presence of 300 locations across 109 cities in 10 countries namely India, UAE, Oman, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Nepal.VLCC is widely recognized for its scientific weight loss solutions and its therapeutic approach to beauty treatments. With a staff strength of nearly 6000, over two-third of whom are experienced specialists including medical doctors, nutritionists, psychologists, cosmetologists and physiotherapists and having served over 10 million customers since its inception, VLCC is the largest and most-preferred brand in the Wellness domain in the countries it operates in. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details