TITLE: Sr. iPhone Developer/Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: The job involves developing innovative solutions & products in Wireless and Mobile device domain. Understanding the product and application requirement. Participate in project scoping, Designing the application, developing complex codes & modules, code reviews & estimation tasks . Need to work on problems of complex scope, thorough and extensive usage of standard concepts & principles. To work as fully contributing team member, under broad guidance with independent planning & execution responsibilities. Troubleshooting and resolving complex integration issues. Desired Candidate Profile: Minimum 3 Year of sound Experience in developing application design, implement & deployment of Iphone Application using Objective C / iPhone SDK (including UI) is the very right person for this position. Must have in-depth knowledge of Objective C , iPhone SDK, MAC OS X Must have worked on Objective C, i P hone Application At least 2 Year hands on experience in must know C and OOAD. Should have sound experience in Socket Programming, multithreding & OOPS. Learning Attitude towards the changing environment in the respective area. Should have excellent communication & managerial skill & self motivator. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills iphone ooad troubleshooting objective c wireless socket programming estimation usage c application Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism More than 30% Selection Ratio thereby reducing the HR Time & Efforts. Optimum Satisfaction for Each Selected Candidate. To work in close coordination with each & every clients for their Executive Search & Consulting requirements. To provide value added services apart from the normal requirements for each assignments. To execute each and every assignment with utmost Trust & Integrity. To adhere to follow & maintain the Strict norms of the client & their code of ethics. To thoroughly crosscheck the short listed candidates profile before they appear for interview. To act as an Internal HR of the Company rather than considered as Placement Agency. To serve each Candidate & Client with utmost respect, honesty & Professionalism. To provide the guarantee of each & every selected candidate as per the Service Agreement Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details