TITLE: Opportunity for C++ Professionals in Financial Services Domain

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Allegis!!! Please find the details for job opening in MNC company: Role Summary : The QRM Senior Associate is responsible for developing Risk/Pricing Models that evaluate counterparty exposures to the Clearing House and their C++ implementation and testing for Windows and Linux. The models include pricing asset classes constituting CME portfolios, models related to Value-at-Risk, Liquidity, Regulatory Capital, and compliant with Stress Testing and othermodel validation techniques. The role implies developing tools for Portfolio Analytics and particularly Sensitivities, Margin Coverage, Risk Scenario generation, Liquidity charges, and reports Roles & Responsibilities : - Develop C++ frameworks one-by-one covering the mentioned asset classes, pricing, margin computation, scenario generation, and liquidityevaluation. Design, coding, debugging. Cooperate with other developers. - Use financial and mathematical knowledge for formulation and analysis of the existing and new models. Bring this to the stage, where C++ design and implementation can be applied. Cooperate with quants. - Learn new related subjects. Reading, making reports, experimenting. - Develop C++ and Java QA tests. Formulate and develop stress tests. Design, coding, debugging. - Participate in automation and adaptation to Clearing Technology Department. Write scripts. Deliver. Make bamboo plans. Review production issues related to delivered software. Qualifications/Requirements: Incumbent must have at least four years of experience in financial analytics combined with day-to-day participation in related C++ projects desirably in multi operating system environment. - 4+ years of intense C++ recent development. Flexibility with the Standard C++ algorithms. - Familiarity with C++ 11, 14. Windows Microsoft Visual Studio C++ (one of 2010, 2013, 2014 2015). UNIX (desirably Linux) experience with GCC 4.8.* - 4.9.*. - Practical experience with C++ Boost, C++ QuantLib, or C LAPACK. Knowledge of other C++ libraries will be considered. - Familiarity with Google tests, Java and JUnit tests, JNI, Eclipse is a big plus. - Operational experience with Git, SVN, CVS, or Perforce. - 1+ year of work and flexibility with writing UNIX shell, Python, Ruby, or Perl programs. - Knowledge of Bamboo or TeamCity, Sonatype Nexus or Apache Archiva is a plus. - Knowledge of relational databases and SQL is a plus. - Financial analytics (4+ years of work): no arbitrage options pricing models, risk models, - portfolio optimization. Asset classes: IRS, FX, CDS, Swaptions, Futures, Commodities. - Two years of work with Monte Carlo, optimization methods, correlation analysis, discretization with trees and lattices. Flexibility with statistics, probability theory, linear algebra, and functional analysis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. With over two decades of staffing expertise, Allegis Group has earned a reputation for providing professional talent with the skills and expertise your business needs to succeed. Our industry-specific focus paired with our dedication to client satisfaction, has made Allegis Group one of the largest and most reliable staffing companies in the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details