TITLE: Software Development Director

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manage a team that designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a director of the software engineering division, you will apply your extensive knowledge of software architecture to manage software development tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications, operating systems and databases according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture and envision future improvements to the architecture. Assists in the development of short, medium, and long term plans to achieve strategic objectives. Regularly interacts across functional areas with senior management or executives to ensure unit objectives are met. Ability to influence thinking or gain acceptance of others in sensitive situations. Demonstrated leadership and people management skills. Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required As a Director of Quality Engineering for Performance Management Service, you will join the Oracle Management Cloud team and help in releasing very high quality service to our customers. Description: We are building large big- data systems for monitoring and analytics services for IT Systems on cloud ( OMC ) . We have a leadership position open for our new Performance Management Service. We are looking for someone who will coach and mentor engineers to do the best work of their careers with a goal to build very high quality performance management service for IT Systems on the cloud. Come join Oracle as part of the Oracle Management Cloud Ecosystem - Director of Quality Engineering, a key leadership position in the team. You will be responsible for providing the overall leadership & direction for building high quality service through automated testing in an agile development environment. You will be working as an innovator and thought leader; you will work with test development and product development teams to ensure end- to- end solutions are thoroughly tested through automated tests, ensure comprehensive test coverage and full integration with promotion pipeline for continuous delivery. Bring your leadership skills, technical skills, automation expertise, passion, and collaborative skills and be ready to proactively lead a highly visible team in a fast- paced environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide leadership in delivering high quality cloud service Provide technical leadership and guidance to test development and product development teams around building well tested, high quality SaaS service Identify manual processes and inefficiencies and improve them through automation Analyze product source code and work with developers to propose appropriate test strategies Be an evangelist to stakeholders about continuous integration, continuous delivery and agile practices Demonstrate a leadership role in ensuring that new and existing systems are aligned to overall test strategy REQUIREMENTS 12 years of experience in a software engineering environment with a minimum of 5 years of experience in leading teams 3 years in an Agile environment using CI with a high level of automation Bachelor\'s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering. Experience in working on Cloud based SaaS services Excellent understanding of test automation principles and techniques: test- driven development, Unit tests, code coverage, instrumentation, etc. Unit, integration, black box, service and UI testing - understanding of testing pyramid Experience with: Scripting/development experience (JAVA, J2EE, PL/SQL, Perl, Shell, Python, etc.) . Unit Testing frameworks like TestNG, Junit, mocking solutions, etc. Testing frameworks for REST API; UI automation tools like Selenium Code Coverage tools like Jacoco, JSCover, Sonar, etc. Continuous integration systems: Hudson, Jenkins, etc. Collaboration and project management tools: JIRA, Perforce Version control systems (GIT, SVN) Relevant experience in Service- oriented architecture for cloud- based services Strong written and verbal skills Ability to work in an extremely geographically distributed organization Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details