TITLE: Lead Developers Bangalore only 5+yrs Immediately Required

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings!!!!! One of the World's largest Energy Management (Electrical Mfg) Company which has its branch in Bangalore is looking out for Lead Developers with 5+ Years of Experience. Job Description: Technical expert required to work for a leading manufacturing company. This role will be responsible for ensuring the company fully utilize the power of integration between platforms (including Marketo, Salesforce, Web (Java), and SDL). Key areas of responsibility will include defining, design and delivering integration aspects as part of Marketing Automation platforms, which would help in Lead management and nurturing, (with direction and support from Global Marketing Operations) Data management (with direction and support from Global Marketing Operations) Marketo Programs: Accept program content from the marketing team and execute programs using Marketo: Email campaigns, including HTML email editing and smart campaigns Webinar management Lead Scoring and Lead flow routing Assigning leads in Salesforce.com Lead flows into Salesforce from Marketo and all other sources Requirements Skills required Analytical with an eye for detail Good level of technical expertise (Systems experience) Knowledge of salesforce.com, marketing automation (Marketo) and Open web platforms API (SOAP / REST) integration, HTML5 + CSS3 & Javascript Bachelors degree required 1-3 years experience using Marketo as an admin 1-3 years as a Salesforce admin 1-3 years of experience in integration projects Able to meet deliverables and drive your work to completion within specified timelines Good communication skills both written and verbal Should work cross functionally in many areas without being constrained by your job function Able to work with cross cultural teams from multiple geographies This is a Right to Hire Opportunity! If interested in applying for this position with the world's most reputed Energy management and electrical mfg company, send your updated resume to skonnur@teksystems.com along with the below mentioned mandatory details- Current Location- Current Organization- Current Employment Type- Perm/ Contract Name of Payrolling company- Total Years of Exp- Relevant Exp- Current CTC- Expected CTC- Notice Period- (Max of 30 days) I am awaiting your positive response. Thanks and regards, Sadhana K. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. TEKsystems* A US based $4.0 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $9.5 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details