TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Join a pioneer in Mobile Ticketing Technologies! Bytemark is seeking a Senior Sales / Business Development Manager to join our dynamic Bangalore team. Ideal candidate will possess over 10 years of Sales & Business Development experience, ideally in technology, with a background in government contracts. This is an exciting career opportunity for someone interested in tapping into an underserved market with long term growth potential. Â Responsibilities: Business Development Planning Implement a business development / sales strategy to identify & capture new business opportunities Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company's unique selling propositions and differentiators. Attend industry functions, such as association events and conferences, and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends. Present to and consult with senior level management on business trends and identification of potential clients. Monitor government agency websites and other sources for new requests for proposals (RFP) Analyze all legal tenders to determine if they are worth pursuing Assist in the development & execution of annual sales strategy in your territory Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network Research and build relationships with potential decision makers Plan approaches and pitches as well as participate in pricing the solution/service Work with team to develop proposals that speak to the client's needs, concerns, and objectives Requirements: BBA Minimum 10 years' experience in Business Development. Strong background in working with Government agencies, including closing contracts Superior verbal & writing communication skills Excellent Presentation skills using tools like PowerPoint Keen attention to detail Well organized Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Strategy Selling Proposals RFP New Business Development Planning Agency Communication Skills Presentation Skills Tender Preparation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bytemark, Inc. Launched in 2011, Bytemark delivers a secure mobile ticketing platform for transit, tourism, and events. The Bytemark team is a talented group of engineers, developers, and business professionals dedicated to building an easy-to-use mobile ticketing system with little to no infrastructure investment. The Bytemark Platform is a suite of smartphone apps, point-of-sale plugins, and open APIs that provide an integrated mobile commerce experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details