TITLE: Dot NET Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and responsibilities redBus.in is the largest bus ticketing website in the country with hundreds of thousands of searches every day. The engineering team at redBus builds multiple web applications including redBus.in. All of these web properties are built on ASP.NET. We are currently looking for engineers with at least 2 years of experience in building scalable web applications to join us in our efforts to make redBus the most ubiquitous bus ticketing solution. The web team takes pride in developing beautiful , intuitive , lean , and highly responsive web applications. As a member of this team , you will be responsible for building solid server side infrastructure and features using ASP.NET. You will need experience in building highly scalable and efficient server side code because just the redBus.in front end servers serve hundreds of thousands search results and real-time seat availability views every day. You need to be good at analyzing requirements and coming up with awesome designs. You should feel at home dealing with large volumes of data , relational or otherwise. Requirement We hire engineers who know all the technologies mentioned in their resumes , have a can-do attitude that befits a start-up team and are great team players. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: redBus redBus Indias number 1 bus ticketing platform, was founded in 2005 and is a part of ibiboGroup. We take pride in providing bus ticket fare with zero booking charges. You can now choose from 1500 bus operators and 80,000 routes in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details