TITLE: Service Desk - L1 Voice Support (Technical Support Executive)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualification: Any Graduate Role: He/she will be responsible in providing 100 % voice support to the clients and online technical resolution. The ideal candidate should haveVoice based Technical support experience in a global environment Basic technical knowledge of PCs Knowledge of MS Outlook troubleshooting, Internet and Networking Technical knowledge of operating systems like Windows XP Good verbal and written communication skills The willingness to work in a environment NOTE:- Candidate should be available to take up f2f Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills technical support networking troubleshooting windows xp ms outlook voice support communication skills service desk written communication operating systems Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kingston Info Solution. Kingston Info Solution was founded in 1999 in Silicon Valley of India Bangalore; Kingston Info Solution is the leading provider of IT Staffing Services providing solutions to customers in addressing their complex hiring issues while keeping the cost to minimal. Kingston Info Solution is today widely regarded as the fastest growing IT Staffing Services Company. In a short span has grossed itself the image of high quality outsourced partner. In fact, we have been recognized as the Premium Business Partner for some of our clients. We have deputed IT professional across domains and technologies in the past 15 years. Kingston Info Solution has been a consistent market performer in talent scouting and management. We have an excellent track record in staffing topnotch professionals, predominantly with some of the major multinational corporations for their offshore development facilities in India, and onsite projects in US and EMEA region. Our expertise is derived from our professional ethos, \ "To work as a partner with our clients in fulfilling their professional requirements. \ " We have a very professional and holistic understanding approach towards the industry coupled with an exceptional network of prospective jobseekers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details