TITLE: WebMethods Developer/ Sr WebMethods Developers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements: Mandatory Skills WebMethods, web Methods 6.x, 7.x, 8.x , BPM, webMethods BPMS, ARIS, BPMN 2.0, BAM, ESB & B2B, SOA, Frameworks, Design Patterns, AGILE Roles and Responsibilities: Business Process Modeling (BPM) - ARIS & webMethods BPMS. Good experience in implementing Business Activity Monitoring (BAM). Sound knowledge of Business Process Modeling Best Practices and Guidelines. Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) Consulting. Lead the design and delivery of several ESB SOA implementations. Highly skillful in transitioning legacy implementations into SOA compositions. Extensive hands-on experience of SOA Governance implementation using SOA Software product suite. Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and Enterprise Application Integration (EAI). Extensive experience in analysis, design and delivery of ESB & B2B projects. Upgrade of webMethods platforms from 6.x, 7.x to 8.x platforms. Strong Knowledge of webMethods 6.x, 7.x, 8.x versions. Installation and configuration of Clustered webMethods 8.1 environment. Frameworks & Design Patterns. Possess deep knowledge of vocabulary of design patterns and their implementation. Have extensive experience in design & development of various reusable frameworks. AGILE methodologies, Offshore Outsourcing - As a Certified Scrum Master have over 5 years of experience in managing scrum teams. Strong and diverse technical background and excellent interpersonal skills with an ability to interact with individuals at all levels. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills soa design patterns configuration webmethods consulting esb monitoring upgrade outsourcing bam Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stixis Technologies [P] Limited We founded Stixis with a mission. To make our customers achieve their goals and optimize their business processes by empowering them with reliable custom software systems, by helping them to get their top-notch software products to markets faster, by unleashing the power of technology. Whatever may be the size of your enterprise and whatever your needs may be, you will undoubtedly get benefited from our core strengths delivery excellence, deep domain knowledge, an innovative approach and our flexible engagement model. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details