TITLE: Lead ASIC Design Engineer Physical Design

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this < back to all jobs Location: Â Â Bangalore, India. Minimum Educational Qualifications : B.Tech/ Masters degree in electronics Relevant Experience : Â Â 7 10 years No of Opening : Â Â 2 Job Description: Â Â Â Candidates are expected to have good hands- on experience in the following areas: Lead physical design and physical design verification activities across the various projects. Own project specific flow setup and maintenance. Physical design tasks include floor- planning, place and route, CTS, timing closure, IR analysis and LEC for block level, full chip flat and hierarchical designs. Co- ordinate the full chip physical design and verification activities. Physical design verification tasks include creating setup and scripts for DRC, LVS, Antenna and density checks, report generation, analysis, debug and implementing the fixes in the physical design database. This also includes DFM checks for the advanced node designs. Ensure correct IP and pad- ring integration in block and flat designs. Prepare training plan and conduct training of new PD/ PDV team members, new tools flow set- up and any tool evaluations. Work on IDP of the team members, performance management, etc. Responsible for the technical issues in projects running with the team members and guide them to resolve the issues. Flag PD/ PDV flow related issues to relevant person. Ensure Check list items are followed / Verified within projects. Take measures which saves time in future projects. (action items in flow revision) . Participate in Focal process. Employment Agency / Recruiter Policy Thank you for your interest in Open- Silicon, Inc. Please note, however, that Open- Silicon does not accept unsolicited resumes from external agencies with which we do not have an existing relationship. Any third- party resume forwarded by agencies/ recruiters will be considered property of Open- Silicon and treated as a direct application. This exchange does not constitute an agreement between Open- Silicon and the agency/ recruiter. Open- Silicon reserves the right to contact the candidate directly. Employment agencies/ recruiters will receive no compensation from Open- Silicon. 0 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Open-Silicon Research Pvt.Ltd Open-Silicon Research Pvt.Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details