TITLE: Embedded Build and Release Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Working knowledge of software configuration management and release best practices and application. 3 - 6 years of build and release engineering experience in LinuxUnix environment. Working experience with Continuous Integration like AntHill Pro, BuildBot, Cruise Control, Hudson / Jenkins Extensive knowledge of Unix/Linux. Proficiency in more than one scripting languages (ie. Unix shell scripting, Python and Perl) Experience with build management tools (make, bitbake, ant, OBS). Experienced with releasing software for embedded Linux environment and/or large scale consumer electronics product Experience with automated builds that will be deployed to multiple Quality Assurance environments as well as Production Knowledge of RDBMS like Oracle, Postgres or MySQL Excellent problem solving skills, analytical, and attention to details. Qualifications Education: BE / B. tech / ME / M. Tech in CS/EE/E&C/ Infomation Technology or equivalent work experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Architecture / Interior Design Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills oracle linux mysql perl embedded python quality assurance rdbms ant unix shell scripting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ph7 Whether its an employee of ph7, a client, a candidate seeking employment, a vendor or a business partner, we deeply value and cherish each relationship, knowing that each relationship is unique in his/her aspirations, contributions and needs. We will endeavor to serve and protect each persons interest in our association with them. This would mean agreeing to disagree agreeably and yet finding a solution for what has to be done at hand. It would mean taking risks on individuals and counting on them to deliver on Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details