TITLE: Regional Manager - Cash Operations

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile : - Taking Care of entire range of Cash operations ranging from New Cash-ATM Takeovers to Cash management for the existing network. - Defining Processes and Managing Centralized Cash Forecasting, Cash Indenting, Loading Schedules, Cash Withdrawal Trackers, Reconciliation, Reports Delivery Provision, Daily MIS, Monthly Billing Generation Activity etc. - Forecasting for WLA ATMs / Reconciliation - Maintaining cash level for the ATMs to be forecasted on daily basis to help reviewing of cash forecasting. - Coordinating with Bank & CIT agency for smooth collection of cash from currency chest & ensuring the replenishment's of the forecasted ATMs without delay. - Maintaining the records for enhancement in cash efficiency, by reducing the volume of cash outs. - Ensuring the admin functions are done by the CIT agency to avoid any kind of major cash differences. - Leading the Review meetings of the Bank and CIT agencies. - Preparing Cash Management Reports with the details of shortages/overages/ retract/excess cash with the consolidated loading details for the ATMs. - Managing cash shortage issues with CIT agency. Scheduling ATM verification / surprise Audit with our local representatives all over install base. - Maintaining healthy relations with external & internal customers by managing their requirements. - Managing new implementations of ATMs & managing first cash loading. Profile Requirement : - MBA graduates from Tier 1 / II B School Preferred - 2+ Years Experience in Banking / Logistics / ATM Industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Regional Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BTI PAYMENTS INDIA PVT. LTD. Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details