TITLE: Microsoft/Java Sr Advisor

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Senior Software Engineers A Senior software engineer in the B2B and Chanel eCommerce who has technical design skills, great development & deployment expertise, and excellent team & leadership skills. Our current team is responsible for new development, implementing and deploying new enhancements to B2B and Chanel eCommerce platform, interacting with development across regions, work closely with our business partners to understand requirements, and develop/ enhance existing systems in timely manner. Â· Analyzing business requirements, processes, data, and system integration points to determine appropriate technology solutions Â· Evaluating and recommending software and hardware solutions to meet business needs Â· Designing, coding, testing, documenting, and deploying global applications based on system and user requirements Â· Providing technical/ project leadership to other software developers, IT peers, and business users Â· This individual will be working on highly visible, highly available, customer facing Ecommerce solutions. Â· They will be a key interface between IT developers, business users, and senior management in defining technology solutions, based on business needs, which require complex analysis and in- depth evaluations of industry standards/ technologies and complex business/ systems processes. Â· Plans and actively implements development assignments involving large, cross- functional projects or multiple projects. Initiates and drives major changes in architecture and software development techniques/ processes. Establishes organization- wide relationships and serves as technical consultant to IT managers, peers, and business users. Â· Effectively communicates business issues and needs at a management level and provides technology solution recommendations. With minimal supervision, capable of taking an ambiguous, complex problem, finding a concrete solution, and providing follow through to resolve the problem. Knowledge and Skills Â· Comprehensive knowledge of systems programming/ analysis and ability to assess the impact of solutions on business/ IT functions Â· Expert knowledge in analyzing, designing, and developing solutions to highly complex problems. Very Good Understanding of SOLID Principles and Design pattern Â· Competent to work in all phases of software development Â· Thorough knowledge of key business processes, requirements, and critical success factors Â· Strong communication skills, including the ability to convey technical information effectively to both IT and business audiences Â· Superior troubleshooting ability and drive for results Â· Ability to view problems objectively and develop creative solutions to highly complex, time sensitive problems Â· Experience with web- scale solutions with multi- thousand concurrent transactions/ second Â· Strong knowledge of web technologies and enterprise development Â· Solid foundation in HTML/ XML, ASP. NET, scripting languages and C# Â· 8 years hands- on experience with Microsoft . NET, ASP. Net, MVC, C#, WCF, Web API etc including development tools, debugging and VSTS Â· XML, Web Services, . Net- Remoting, WCF, Generics, LINQ, Threading, Cache Coherence Solution, TDD, ORM, Dependency Injection, MVC Â· Working knowledge and operational experience in Internet- related network services such as Windows 2003/ 2008, IIS 7, TCP/ IP, and web server administration/ performance/ debugging tools Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills java xml development software development wcf troubleshooting iis coding linq api Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Microsoft . NET, ASP. Net, MVC, C#, WCF, Web API, XML, Web Services, . Net- Remoting, WCF, Generics, LINQ, Threading, Cache Coherence Solution, TDD, ORM, Dependency Injection, MVC Company Profile: Varite Varite Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details