TITLE: Client Acquisition Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Carrying out extensive market research to identify prospective market segments. Conducting industry mapping & competitor mapping for prospective clients. Generating qualified leads from target sectors and firms by means of organized and targeted lead generation. Meeting with decision makers of target firms, and sharing customized business propositions. Get the empanelment/agreement done from the client. Negotiating with prospective clients on the commercials and other aspects of the service agreement. Facilitating account management and client relationship management, in order to ensure timely & quality delivery to the client. Generating qualified leads for new business liaisons. Analyzing market trends for locating prospective business opportunities & furthering existing relationships. Identifying and reaching out to specific target organizations Understanding the requirement from the client & communicating the same to the team for effective execution. Training the team members on requisite inputs on recruitment process/specific skills & technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills service account management market research client relationship management strong interpersonal skills business target client acquisition new business market Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Coincide management solutions Coincide is an innovative firm which provides effective business solutions to mid and large sized organizations those who want to WIN in this competitive global market. We focus on Talent Acquisition and Development of employees through learning Coincide values long term customer relationship and customer delight. We believe in cost effectiveness of services and an endless search for excellence. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details