TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A fresh graduate with an excellent academic record, outstanding problem solving skills and good working knowledge of C programming, seeking to join a team developing innovative products aimed at the global market. Programming Skills : Good programming skills in C, exposure to MATLAB will be a plus. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge of all basic concepts related to Audio and Video. Understanding of media formats will be a strong advantage. Aptitude : : Enthusiastic, creative, team player and excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in sports will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills python quality assurance matlab audio english academic sports programming skills knowledge be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc At the crossroads of ideas and entrepreneurship, Diginoc is where concepts considered avant garde evolve into exciting business ventures. Cutting across industries, we bring together visionary entrepreneurs, talented professionals and industry veterans from the world over to deliver truly path-breaking technologies and venture-spin-offs. At Diginoc, the focus of innovation extends beyond technology to the new business models needed for todays dynamic and complex global economy. Orchestrating a formidable synergy between direct market access through ventures incorporated across key international markets, strategic partnerships with industry partners, and shared off-shoring, Diginoc is fast emerging as an important innovation hub for technology and business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details