TITLE: Oracle Data Migration Technical Lead 7-12yrs Bangalore Only

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: Oracle Data Migration Technical Lead Experience: 10-12 years in Oracle EBS with an experience of minimum 3 data migration projects and played lead roles in at least 2 of them SUMMARY OF JOB: This position requires a candidate with a strong technical experience in data migration projects with a good knowledge in Oracle SCM, Finance & Service Contracts and Field Service modules. Should have a good understanding of the data migration methodologies/approaches followed in Oracle. Should be able to drive the migration approach along with the functional lead in terms of defining scope, rules for data migration, defining assumptions around data cleansing, etc and getting buy in from the business team Should have experience working in a virtual team Primary Skills: Data migration on Oracle SCM, Finance & Service Contracts, Field Service modules Technical Skills: Strong Experience in Oracle Applications Must have strong analytical skills hands on experience in Oracle SQL, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL & Shell Scripting Proven Experience in Oracle Forms, Oracle Reports, XMLP Must have worked in Production/Application support environment. Extensive experience with data migration and loads, and troubleshooting system integration and compatibility issues. Operating Systems Unix / Linux Shell Scripting Desirable Skills OA Framework BPEL / SOA Suite Workflows Job Knowledge: Functional knowledge on Service Contracts, Field Service modules Good knowledge on integrations with AR, Contract Management, Installed Base, Field Service, SLA Good understanding and Experience in Oracle Implementation Methodology AIM. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: 1. Ability to work in global project teams in different time zones, and handle pressure and demands 2. Must be a leader, who is able to drive any data migration project interacting with stakeholders 3. Must possess excellent verbal & written communication skills 4. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to lead and mentor team members 5. Ability to do stakeholder management within and outside the organization (Vendors) 6. Must be able to handle conference calls, facilitate meetings 7. Must have cross cultural work exposure at lead level 8. Strictly follows professional discipline and work ethics 9. Penchant for collaborative tools and platform and Innovative mindset Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. TEKsystems* A US based $4.0 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $9.5 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details