TITLE: Artist 2D

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities: Work with the Art Director to produce final artwork for all aspects of our 2D pipeline. Paint game environments backgrounds, props, characters and game themes. Research and incorporate visual reference into their work. Should be able to contribute ideas and solutions to specific game requirements based on previous research. Skills and Qualifications: Required 3 years of experience. Quick Sketching ability. Solid grasp of color & value. Excellent understanding of design concepts. Experience of the art asset creation process. Ability to communicate visually. Strong communication skills. Strong digital illustration and painting skills using Adobe Photoshop. Self-motivated and driven while maintaining a positive demeanor. Ability to identify and define visual design issues and solutions. Ability to create drawn or painted images which illustrate the look, feel, design, and palette of the game / subject matter. To assist in the training and good practices of the 2D art department where possible. To be open and available for training and skills development themselves. To be a keen artist / photographer/ sculptor/ reader in their own time. Good attitude, enthusiastic, open to criticism, team player, good under pressure. Desired Passion for games. Highly creative. Keen to learn and adapt to new technologies and techniques. Responsible, mature and dependable. Organized in work. Process oriented. Requires little supervision. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills pipeline ideas maintaining art design keen to learn be game strong communication skills 2d Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dhruva Interactive Pvt Ltd Website http://www. dhruva. com Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 1 - 100 Crores Company Size 51 - 200 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details