TITLE: Power Electronics

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Responsibilities: strong> p> Perform new product design and development activities with a high degree of independence and creativity. li> Design and development of power electronics systems - with a focus on electronics and magnetics simulation and design. li> Able to perform complete research and development in the area of new power architecture and circuits for efficient product design, capable of high level design approach including system level simulation. li> Develop products from concept, through design, manufacturing and support them to end of life. li> Design, Document, and Validate designs. li> Write Engineering Requirements, Test Plans, Validation Reports. li> Detailed circuit design, unit test plan, troubleshooting, and documentation. Component selection: evaluation of alternative components on a cost/ performance basis. li> Research new components and technologies. Design, development, and production of AC and DC power and frequency converters. li> Analog and mixed signal design High speed digital design (including Microprocessors, DSPs, FPGAs, high speed memories and communication interfaces). li> Compliance design expertise - Design for EMI/ EMC PCB design to meet emission norms and DFx requirements. li> ul> Desired Candidate Profile: strong> MS or PHD in EE, Power Electronics or Motor Drives concentration. Must possess 3-10 years of experience in Design, Development and Testing of Power Electronics systems such as Inverters, DC-DC converters etc. She/ he must have the ability to work equally well alone or with small team. p> Experienced in designing converters and inverters & power circuits, Analog, Digital and mixed signal circuit design. Design experience with FETs, MOSFETs, SCRs, TRIACs, IGBTs, Bipolar Transistors, TVS, etc. Solid foundation in PCB layout, component placement and routing. li> Experience in layout of power converters. Solid background in power supply topologies; Buck Boost, Flyback, Resonant, ZVS, Synchronous, Bridging, etc. Deep understanding of theory and application of magnetics to inductors and transformers to achieve maximum efficiency. li> Able to model and simulate complex circuits. Experience merging analog and digital designs. li> Experience with computer design/ modeling/ analysis tools such as SABER or SPICE is desirable. Signal processing; ADCs, DACs, Op-Amps, passive filters, voltage monitoring, current sensing, etc high frequency power conversion design experience with thorough knowledge of power topologies for PFC, DC-DC and motor simulation packages such as PSPICE, Mathcad and PSIM. li> A strong background in the design of digitally controlled power machines using embedded microcontrollers and DSP technology is required. li> Experience in Designing High Voltage/ High Wattage Power supply design. Inverters and converter design experience (Power electronics involving IGBTs, Power MOSFETs, Thyristors and Power supply designs, Magnetics). li> Deep knowledge of winding types and core materials for inductors and transformers. li> Experience with Scopes, DVMs, Network Analyzers, and general electronics lab processes is required. li> Familiarity with manufacturing processes and mid to high volume product development is required. li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: InSolare Energy Pvt. Ltd InSolare Energy Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details