TITLE: jboss admin contract staffing

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Total project duration is 12 months, and the candidate will have to travel to Saudi Arabia for 3 mo ... Communication skills. Ability to deliver trainings. An enthusiastic, highly organized self- ... Roles and responsibilities Total project duration is 12 months, and the candidate will have to travel to Saudi Arabia for 3 months. All visa formalities will be done by Cignex Datamatics Manage the daily operation of JBoss Application Server. Monitor resource utilization, including CPU, memory, and disk utilization. Report on system utilization and plan/implement recommended maintenance as required. Perform impact analysis for appropriate tasks. Install, configure, tune and support JBoss Application Server Apache Web Server Configure JBoss container resources (e.g., JDBC, JMS, JNDI) Setup, and manage load balancing, clustering, failover Install/setup/administer supporting tools (e.g., JIRA, Bamboo, GIT, Confluence) Deploy applications to production and non-production environments. Troubleshoot application web server issues related to the platform. Create support tickets and work with vendors as needed. Manage the daily operation of JBoss Application Server. Monitor resource utilization, including CPU, memory, and disk utilization. Report on system utilization and plan/implement recommended maintenance as required. Perform impact analysis for appropriate tasks. Participate in the design and configuration of secure access to server resources. Apply and promote patches. Develop, test, and implement automation scripts Work with Developers and Database Administrators in the implementation of new applications. Identify impact to capacity. Maintain documentation related to infrastructure and physical architecture of the systems. Skill set Communication skills. Ability to deliver trainings. An enthusiastic, highly organized self-starter and a team player that works well as a member of a diverse team with strong ability to multitask Understanding and working experience with technology as an enabler. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a diverse team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills automation jdbc configuration jms clustering documentation jira visa jndi load balancing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details