TITLE: Application Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This requirement is for an Application Engineer focused primarily on supporting component & system-level diagnostic and prognostic solutions. The successful candidate will support system development & solution designers. This position requires involvement in all phases of the product development lifecycle, including requirements, research, design, validation, documentation, release, and maintenance. Responsibilities Support assembly and debug of circuit boards Support in design of automated test procedures to validate and characterize electronic systems and components Create and/or modify specification documents detailing system design, enhancements & application notes to aid marketing initiatives Collaborate with the principal in the creation of technical reports, proposals, whitepapers, and user documentation Provide on-going client support and maintenance Use of: simulation environments such as MATLAB/PSPICE; schematic capture/layout tools such as Eagle Familiarity with LabVIEW/data analysis software and data acquisition systems Knowledge of communications protocols, including RS-232, CAN, and TCP/IP Strong circuit design and problem solving skills Strong communication skills, both written and verbal; time management, task prioritization, and interpersonal skills Ability to multi-task and work independently as well as part of a team Ability to rapidly grasp technical concepts and solutions Embedded systems design and firmware development experience Language-based FPGA programming is a plus, particularly with Xilinx and Altera tools The desired skills: Knowledge on Fault detection and diagnosis methods System diagnostics and prognostic expertise Digital signal processing algorithms Proficiency in LabVIEW Experience in proposal writing & Microsoft office tools Experience in power systems and electrical engineering systems Experience in Prognostics Health Management (PHM) industry Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills product development data analysis specification simulation power systems documents detailing methods matlab fpga Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kingsly Instrumentation and Communication Pvt. Ltd Established in 1993, Kingsly Instrumentation & Communication Pvt Ltd (KICPL) offers avant-garde components, data conversion, prognostics and test & measurement solutions catering across sectors including Defense & Aerospace, Space, Energy, Automotive, Healthcare & Life Sciences and Education. Driven by the motive of bringing across cutting edge technology to India, we represent reputed Principals across the globe. Backed by highly motivated/experienced team, we strongly believe that customer service has been our key strength. With a mission of helping our customers serve their customers better, we strive hard to continually improve our pre-post sales advisory & operational procedures. As a value added reseller, we go whole nine yards starting from requirement gathering to solution architecting to product advisory to post sales product support. Today, with over 2 decades of comprehensive technology expertise and cross industry experience, we are the trusted advisors for technology interventions for our clients in government, public and private sectors. Brief solutions portfolio 1. Components: MIL-STD-1553, ARINC, transformers, motor controllers, synchro to digital & digital to synchro convertors. 2. Data Acquisition: data loggers, recorders, vibration monitors for both normal and rugged environment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details