TITLE: product manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Works directly with the US based core Product Management team on assigned solution(s) in various st ... Strong product management, business analysis, and software development experience Strong organizat ... Roles and responsibilities Works directly with the US based core Product Management team on assigned solution(s) in various stages from definition of parent-level user stories through launch of product or feature. Establishes and maintains relevant connection to the market through interactions with users and collaboration with market-facing Product Manager, the technology and content development teams, quality assurance, and the design and usability team, to ensure the solution(s) delivered to market meet the requirements and expectations established by the market. Uses agile methodologies, to define requirements, prioritize features, provide business guidance, and perform acceptance testing, for newly-developed software products as well as enhancements to existing products. Serve as Product Owner for Delivery Team, including ownership of the backlog, providing input at iteration planning, and the ability to promptly produce user stories and supporting artifacts in fast paced, rapid delivery, multi-project environment Serves as a product expert and champions user centered design, to help ensure that our solutions are based on best practices Documents ideas clearly and concisely using wireframes and other such technical tools to ensure a clear hand-off to the development team. Skill set Strong product management, business analysis, and software development experience Strong organizational and management skills, including ability to manage and prioritize multiple competing initiatives Basic understanding of lean/agile development methodologies Strong analytical abilities and decision making capabilities Ability to learn quickly and independently, strong team player Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work constructively with developers, QA, Project managers and Management towards a common goal High motivation and desire to do whatever it takes to help the customer and our company succeed Any experience with payments Credit Card processing, ACH, Check, wire is highly preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills software development quality assurance business analysis product management payments usability tools documents ideas ach Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details