TITLE: Logic Synthesis Methodology & Flow Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Develop state of art methodologies in the areas of Logic Synthesis, Lint and Clock Domain Crossing checks, Design-for-Test and Physical implementation for low power/high performance designs. Implementing and consolidating design flow methodologies . Develop highly efficient flow to reduce effort for flow maintenance. Develop efficient Logic Synthesis and physical implementation strategies to achieve better Quality of Results and define measures for improvements in Power, Performance and Area. Work closely with Timing methodology/signoff team to improve the flow which helps faster timing closure. Getting deeper into major technical issues of the designers and help to resolve issues. Do necessary flow updates which impacts larger community. Responsible for debugging current tool and flow issues working closely with EDA vendors and drive them for new features. Keeping SoC implementation community informed about upcoming developments & proactively seeking their inputs for future developments. Adapting Infineon flow and tools for faster and reliable tape out of complex designs. Your profile Managed/Worked on multiple tapeouts at 90nm/65nm/40nm/28nm/16nm FinFet nodes. Working (hands on) knowledge on Logic synthesis, DFT, Lint & CDC checks using Synopsys, Spyglass and Mentor graphics tool . Strong experience in Logic synthesis, Lint and CDC checks, DFT, constraining, physical implementation and timing analysis required. Experience in Automotive and Industrial domain designs is desirable. Experience in low power/multi voltage design and understanding/development of UPF is a must. Excellent debugging skills to diagnose and devise workarounds for flow/design issues. Deep knowledge of Synopsys tools and flow is a must. Perl and TCL/TK required to achieve highly automated, reproducible and fast results. Knowledge about data management is a definite plus. Good team player working with geo-dispersed cross cultural and cross functional teams. Good communication and interpersonal skills required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills perl development dft soc synthesis debugging tcl automotive eda data management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Infineon Technologies Pvt Ltd Infineon Technologies Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details