TITLE: IM Business Analyst 5

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/ Purpose: The Java Lead Developer / Business Analyst will be a key member of Remote Monitoring and Diagnostics OT Development team, responsible for prototyping and developing major and complex assignments with long- term business implications. Manage complexities within area of expertise contributing to the overall business strategy. Lead junior team members and contract development teams as required. Essential Responsibilities: Break down business problems and capabilities into projects, frameworks, applications, and services that when realized, produce software that solves business problems and/ or creates new business capabilities. Collaborate with project and cross- functional stakeholders to build services and service consumers to enable the integration of Enterprise and Application specific information and business processes. Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development life cycle. Specify high- level architecture, service design, technologies, and standards of a system. Serve as technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of assigned application areas. Apply knowledge of open standards, software development, technology, and architectural patterns to find solutions that meet the time and cost requirements of the project. Provide guidance to development teams on the implementation of new and existing standards, technologies, tools, services and practices. Manage code quality standards definition and enforcement and continuous integration policies/ practices. Diagnose/ Solve various problems in production/ test/ development environment in a fast- paced environment. Develop an increasing understanding of technologies and architectures, including; enterprise architecture strategies and implementation, software design and deployment best practices, architecture and component performance testing, hosting strategies and infrastructure architectures, Object Oriented design and programming, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) , Web Oriented Architecture (WOA) , Web 2.0, and mobile technologies. Profound insight of Java and J2EE internals (Class Loading, Memory Management, Transaction Management, etc., ) Review and repair legacy code. Working experience in Agile Methodology. Tests new programs to ensure that logic and syntax are correct, and that program results are accurate; assists junior programmers with programming assignments. Document code consistently throughout the development process by listing a description of the program, special instructions, and any changes made in database tables on procedural, modular and database level. Responsible for communicating with engineers and manufacturer\'s technical support staff regarding programming needs and performance. Provide recommendations to management concerning issues of programmer productivity and software development management. Should be able to effortlessly switch between individual contribution and working as a team to solve the business problem at hand and fulfil customer commitments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Electricals / Switchgears Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Requirements: Bachelor\'s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or technical field. Minimum 8 years of experience with Java/ J2EE technologies. Should be hands- on Java/ J2EE technologies. Minimum 5 years\' experience with object oriented design, data modeling, and analysis methodologies. Minimum 5 years\' object- oriented programming and design experience, in Java/ J2EE. Minimum 5 years\' experience programming in Spring Framework and Hibernate ORM. 3 years of strong hands on experience in Junit. Minimum 3 years\' experience in JMS. 3 years of experience with Web Services technologies (REST / SOAP) . Hands- on experience working on UNIX / LINUX servers. Strong interpersonal and written communication skills. Exposure working with Global clients. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: Ability to identify tasks which require automation and automate them. A solid understanding of networking/ distributed computing environment concepts. Possess excellent communication skills, with an emphasis on verbal and written communication. Ability to multi- task and stay organized in a dynamic work environment. Possess a positive attitude. Ability to "think outside the box". Prepare reports and analyses setting forth progress, adverse trends and appropriate recommendations or conclusions. Participate in development of long range planning for new projects and facilities. Experience and ability to teach or instruct co- workers. Providing advice, training and technical support for various projects. Working closely with management team in evaluating current systems and making decisions on future development. Should be able to effortlessly switch between individual contribution and working as a team vice versa to solve the business problem. Company Profile: GE GE Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details