TITLE: Front End Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a web front developer with strong interests and capabilities in the design and development of engaging user experiences. The ideal candidate will thrive in a work environment that requires problem solving skills and independent self-direction, coupled with an aptitude for team collaboration and open communication. Your typical day will be spent in Designing and Developing web interfaces that provide deeply engaging user experience across different browsers and devices. Collaborating on user experience design and planning with different teams. Minimum 2-3 yrs of experience on Ux design experience for Web applications leveraging emergent technologies. Good design skills and attention to detail. You strive for pixel perfect UI. Advanced working knowledge of HTML-5 and CSS-3 towards developing responsive and scalable web site. Experience working with jQuery and/or other JavaScript libraries. Knowledge of IE quirks and how to address them. Good knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator and associated design tools Proficient with user interface design patterns and standard UCD methodologies Good team player. Pride in your work and a willingness to do what it takes A passion for learning, improving and excelling in your domain Experience working with CSS frameworks like SASS, LESS Demonstration of learning new technologies through Course Completion / Certificates on Coursera / Udemy / Other MOOC . A great Github repository AND/OR a great Codechef Score AND/OR a technology blog AND/OR Contributions to open source projects AND/OR Published Apps Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills photoshop illustrator javascript jquery user interface ux front end interfaces open source design patterns Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: New Rubric Solutions We, at New Rubric, are aiming to revolutionize the way we learn. We believe that technology enabled learning solutions will increasingly be indispensable. Our solutions combine some of the best thinking on learning, pedagogy and assessment with contemporary technology, which makes this thinking accessible in classrooms, workplaces or at home. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details