TITLE: ANDROID DEVELOPER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Â Â Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt Ltd. is a Private Limited Company. "Technology & Service at your Reach"- That is more than just a slogan at 'Taurus'.It's how we do business day after day. Our company is based on a philosophy that technology and service was invented to make life easier. We are a dedicated Hardware and Software Solutions Provider, providing complete solutions to Research & Development Organizations, Defence, Government, Educational Institutions & Corporate. Taurus can be broadly classified as an Independent Hardware Vendor (I & Independent Software Vendor Job Description EXP: Â 2- 5 YEARSÂ Expert knowledge of common native mobile application technologies relating iOS, Android, Windows Phone Hand on Experience with Core Java, Android SDK. Experience with third- party libraries and APIs. Experience with embedded relational databases (SQLite) . Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle. Have at least one or two functioning apps in the Android market place. Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform. Work on bug fixing, improving and optimizing application performance. Preferred having experience with multiple mobile platforms. Knowledge in agile development teams a plus. Requires knowledge of PHP, Java, JavaScript, CSS, XML, XAML, HTML, XHTML, DHTML, AJAX, REST. Strong analytical, problem solving, multitasking, and time management skills with consistent attention to detail. Ability to effectively learn and use new programming concepts, tools, and methodologies to support the needs of the business. Ability to effectively communicate technical issues and solutions Qualifications MCA/ B TECH Â With relevant experienceÂ I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details