TITLE: Design Engineer II

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description Position Description: Utilize your analog IC design knowledge to learn how to develop high speed DDR IO circuits. Work within the DDR IO team to grow from simulation and documentation design support to becoming the design owner of related circuits. Work with the support of the design team to design and then verify the overall DDR IO design. Candidates educational background should include introductory experience in analog IC design. Candidate must have good communication skills, ability to work cooperatively in a team environment, demonstrate proficient analog mixed signal aptitude, and an introductory understanding of IC design and process technology. Experience using Cadence software tools for IC circuit simulation is a plus. Position Requirements Skills/ Experience: Excellent grades in analog IC design educational classes. Good understanding of related CMOS process technology issues. Responsibilities: Analog IC circuit design for DDR IO. Work with existing DDR PHY team to learn the circuits and requirements in order to meet design specifications. Position Requirements BSEE. MSEE Preferred. Company Information Cadence is the global leader in software, hardware, and services that is driving the transformation of the electronic design automation (EDA) industry. This application- driven approach for creating, integrating, and optimizing designs helps customers realize Analog & Digital ICs , System- On- Chip devices, IP and complete systems at lower costs and with higher quality. Cadence is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to hiring a diverse workforce. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills/ Experience: Excellent grades in analog IC design educational classes. Good understanding of related CMOS process technology issues. Responsibilities: Analog IC circuit design for DDR IO. Work with existing DDR PHY team to learn the circuits and requirements in order to meet design specifications. Position Requirements BSEE. MSEE Preferred. Company Profile: Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Cadence Design Systems India Pvt.Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details