TITLE: Senior Manager Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be responsible for oversight of all finance, accounting and reporting activities. As a senior member you will be involved in supporting presentations to the board and will work closely with the senior leadership team. You will lead all day- to- day finance operations and supervise the team including functional responsibility over accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and grants administration. Ensure that Rang De has the systems and procedures in place to support effective program implementation and conduct flawless audits. You will work closely with team members, not only to educate them regarding finance and accounting procedures but also to explore how the finance function can support program operations. In addition, will partner with the CFO, senior leadership, and the human resources (HR) and technology (IT) staff to enhance and better integrate finance, HR, and IT functions. Responsibilities Finance and Accounting: Oversee all accounts, ledgers, and reporting systems ensuring compliance with appropriate standards and regulatory requirements. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. Coordinate all audit activity. Consistently analyze financial data and present financial reports in an accurate and timely manner; clearly communicate monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements; monitor progress and changes and keep senior leadership abreast of Rang De\'s financial status. Assist Rang De leadership in the annual budgeting and planning process; administer and review all financial plans and compare to actual results with a view to identify, explain, and correct variances as appropriate. Support the CFO in engaging the board\'s audit and finance committees around issues and trends in financial operating models and delivery. Oversee all financial, project/program and grants accounting; ensure that expenditures are consistently aligned with grant and program budgets throughout the grant/fund period; collate financial reporting materials for government, corporate, and foundation grants. Manage organizational cash flow forecasting by working in partnership with the leadership team; continuously collaborate with seniors to assess the financial efficacy of program operations and establish finance and administrative systems to support program operations. Manage and track the performance of invested assets in keeping with policies and investment guidelines. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and unwavering commitment to Rang De\'s mission; a proactive, hands- on strategic thinker who will own, in partnership with the CFO, the responsibility for finance Leverage strengths of the current finance team members, help to clarify roles and responsibilities and develop and implement training programs in order to maximize and reach optimal individual and organizational goals. Technology savvy with experience selecting and overseeing software installations and managing relationships with software vendors; advanced knowledge of accounting and reporting software. Ability and desire to translate complex financial concepts to individuals at all levels including finance and non- finance managers Provide leadership in strengthening internal communications with staff at all levels throughout the organization; create and promote a positive and supportive work environment. Qualifications This is an extraordinary opportunity for a mature leader with accounting and finance experience, ideally beginning in accounting and audit, followed by experience gathering, evaluating, presenting and reporting financial information to executive teams and external stakeholders. S/he should ideally have experience in a complex nonprofit that has multiple programs. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rang De Rang De Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details