TITLE: Digital Marketing Sepcialist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Plan and execute web, SEO/ SEM, marketing database, email, social media and online advertising campaigns. li> Manage interactive projects from inception through completion in compliance with plans and strategy briefs in relation to one or multiple, small or highly complex projects. li> Work closely with designers and developers to ensure that designs are properly built and implemented. li> Build and monitor client\'s social media channels (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, Google , etc. ) and prepare reports. li> Provide functional expertise, best practices and recommendations regarding the execution of digital marketing campaigns. li> Manage email-marketing campaigns for clients, including planning, targeting, set-up, testing, execution, reporting and optimization. li> Maintain up-to-date industry knowledge of trends, technologies, industry standards and best practices on an ongoing basis. li> Manage the ongoing maintenance of client websites and working closely with internal IT departments, digital agencies, and team members to support program/ digital campaign launches. li> Secondary Responsibilities p> li> Assist the creative team in implementing websites and digital marketing initiatives. li> Our "go to" expert whenever anything goes wrong with client\'s digital mediums and/ or websites on the Internet or a client\'s intranet; excellent problem solving skills to figure out a fix and get things to run smoothly as soon as possible. li> Planning, executing, measuring, managing, testing, and tracking changes and quality issues for the life of projects li> Collaborate with clients, agencies and other vendor partners and interface with sales, creative and technical people. li> Independently and actively manage all aspects of the project: scope, issues/ risks, schedule, quality, and online communication on a daily basis. li> Assist with preparing editorial calendars and managing content for Client\'s social media platforms along with planning and executing digital initiatives to improve their social media presence. li> Use data and insights to identify trends, target audiences, optimize performance and devise digital campaigns that engage, inform and motivate. li> Evaluate emerging technologies; provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate. li> Contribute to brainstorming new and creative growth strategies li> Other related duties as assigned li> Qualifications p> li> Ability to switch rapidly from one project/ brand to another, as workflow requires, and work on multiple projects at once. li> Experience in interacting with multiple and diverse business and technology partners. li> Demonstrable experience with SEO/ SEM, email marketing, social media and display advertising campaigns; example success stories are required. li> Deep understanding of social media universe including: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google , YouTube, forums, blogs, etc. li> Documented immersion and demonstrated creativity in social media (provide links please) li> Experience with website analytics tools (e. g. , Google Analytics), optimization techniques, traffic acquisition tactics, link building considerations, and social media marketing/ monitoring tools. li> Experience in setting up and optimizing Google AdWords campaigns li> Demonstrate understanding of techniques and standards including user interface design, graphics creation, and optimization for the web. li> Knowledge of best practices and up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in online marketing and measurement. li> The qualified candidate will. . . span> li> need to learn technical systems and in-house tools quickly li> have excellent communication skills, written and verbal, across all organizational levels li> be an effective verbal communicator with presentation skills li> p> li> ul> p> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills online marketing seo tools digital marketing website email marketing sem social media marketing link building google adwords Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Datacloud Systems Datacloud Systems is a global service provider dedicated to supplying a full range of technology solutions around the world. Our services span from application management outsourcing, packaged application services, independent validation and verification, product development and support, to higher value-added offerings including managed platform and product engineering services. At Datacloud Systems much of our work is staged around innovative technology and providing custom made solutions to tailor your every need. As an enterprise run by professionals with many years of experience in developing and implementing IT solutions, we strive and produce excellence in all the work we undertake. Our experience also equips us to understand how important it is for you to have a superior web presence and develop your business. Our ability to innovate and willingly adapt to change helps us assist you and your business to grow and flourish. p> Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details