TITLE: RPO Specialist

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RPO Specialist Job Purpose: The RPO Specialist is the primary point of contact for our clients and is a key strategic role on our client facing team. This individual is responsible for aligning strategy to plan and lead successful programs that grow client relationships and our business. 7 Key Qualities a RPO Specialist must possess are:- - Consultative Communication Style - Results orientated and driven to succeed - Ability to prioritize multiple client needs - Business Revenue understanding - Solution based problem solver - Analytical and proactive - Ability to align resources and campaigns in a way that increase revenue Key Responsibilities: - Client Strategy and Management - Develop and maintain a trusted advisor consultative relationship with clients and key stakeholders to ensure a successful long-term program. - Manage all account strategy, activities and relationships. - Proactive approach to tracking and managing projects, fully leveraging company experience and best practices - Communicate campaign progress as needed and keep CRM (both internal and external) up to date - Client Relationship Growth and Upselling / Cross - Selling of positions / Recruitment business and delivery. - Retain and grow existing client relationships within current client accounts - Develop expertise on client business goals and objectives, seeking opportunities for us to help us grow. - Actively promote additional our services to deliver increased revenue. - Manage workload and resources to ensure budget is met.- Monitor delivery with help of back-end recruitment team. - Train team members regarding client solutions and value propositions, through live dialog, role play and sharing of training materials/recordings. - Other duties as assigned. Requirements:- - Recruitment / RPO / or related field - Proficient in MS Office and different CRM solutions - 2 -5 Years experience in recruitment or account management environment - Have excellent written and oral communication skills - High attention to detail Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills recruitment crm accounts account management cross selling analytical ms office rpo proactive upselling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sutra Services Pvt Ltd. Sutra Services Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details