TITLE: Module Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 6+ years of experience working with SQL Server in an Internet/Startup company with combination of working experience in at least one of the skills in Oracle, Sybase, MySQL or PostGres. - SMEs with sound knowledge on high availability solutions are only requested for apply. - Must have excellent knowledge and implementing Database Security. Prefer candidate with experience with Database Security Monitoring Appliance. - Must have working knowledge in Database Monitoring tools such as Fog Light, Ignite, Oracle OEM, MySQL Work Bench, or similar tools. - Prefer candidate having skill sets in Hadoop, RedShift, MongoDB, or Couch DB - Strong Knowledge of Performance & Tuning of SQL and Database Server. - Strong Knowledge in ETL. - Working knowledge in AWS environment. - Strong working knowledge/exposure to Big Data Environment (PB++ data). - Strong working knowledge of Windows and Linux Operations System. - Strong working knowledge of scripting language in any of the following skill sets in Windows Power Shell, Linux/Unix Shell script, Perl, or Python - Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, or other related technical discipline is preferred. - Participate in Production Support. - Participate in On-Call rotation including weekends. - May have to work in 24*7 setup including the night shift. - Strong knowledge of the software development lifecycle and agile development methodology - Ability to understand business drivers and customer needs - Strong interpersonal skills to work collaboratively with many stakeholders Notice Period - 10 to 15 days Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Profuse HR Consultancy Profuse HR Consultncy Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details