TITLE: Digital Traffic Coordinator

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES: * Proof and edit site pages, ensuring that all content meets our formatting rules and makes for an optimal shopping/brand experience. This entails editing copy, verifying copy accuracy, ensuring appropriate cross-sells are set up, setting up brands, ensuring images and swatches meet our quality standards, etc. * Executes daily updates and launches on VictoriasSecret. com - includes distributions, managing deliverables from merchants, marketing and creative partners and setting up the content for launch in the CMS, proofing and issue resolution. * Manages various key creative distributions and insures feedback is addressed. * Responsible for using the Content Management System to upload creative elements. Owns QA/proofing and resolving any issues the team finds. Prioritizes issues to be addressed. * Supports offer copy and execution * Tests functionality to ensure that applications, features, links and other site functions are technically performing as designed. * Adhere to the online shop production schedule/process for site launches, maintaining the accuracy and smooth execution of the shop. Communicate regularly with teammates to keep all informed about proofing status and to ensure consistency of approach across shopping categories. * Serve as a liaison between the merchants and IT, working closely with both groups to communicate and resolve data set-up issues. * Identify assets as needed for each launch. * Follow-up to ensure assets are delivered correctly and on a timely basis. * Test functionality to ensure that applications, features, links and other site functions are performing as designed. * Document pre-launch and post-launch issues, working through to resolution. Serve as the Administrator for all Coordination issues submitted in RITA (online issue tracker). Fix errors on the live site and make mid-window updates based on business needs. Actively participate in launch hindsight meetings, and document meeting notes as needed. * Coordinate the corrections and distributions of all web-only copy, adhering to the production schedule and copy coordination process. Partner with merchants and copywriters to ensure all deadlines are met and that copy is accurate. * Coordinates tasks and schedules and effectively communicates across departments to define scope of work/expectations and ensure deadlines for deliverables are met. * Responsible for using the Content Management System to upload creative elements. Owns QA/proofing and resolving any issues the team finds. Prioritizes issues to be addressed. * Manages various key creative distributions and insures feedback is addressed * Maintains a state-of-the-art online customer experience, identifying process improvements, supporting special projects and working with multiple teams to execute the business vision. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Webmaster Keyskills coordination cms assets maintaining formatting issue resolution functions content management system creative distributions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: L Brands Inc. L Brands Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details