TITLE: Senior Data Scientist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for developing analytic assets (models, visualizations, etc. ) as extensions to the Quaero product portfolio. This role will be part of the Product Development team but work closely with the client-facing analytic consultants to understand their analytic requirements on an ongoing basis. It may, on occasion, involve engaging with the client-facing analysts on short-term client projects. This role will be instrumental in defining, developing and integrating analytics into the Quaero product stack. This role will also be responsible for managing these analytic product extensions throughout the product lifecycle, including version and release management, and upgrade path assurance. This role is a unique blend of an analyst and a software developer. The Sr. Data Scientist will work with large data sets from online and offline sources in a mixed environment that includes a Hadoop eco-system as well as relational databases such as SQL Server and MySQL, and data warehouse appliances such as Netezza. The ideal candidate for this role will have deep technical skills in software such as SAS, SQL, R, Python, and Hadoop, combined with the ability to perform sophisticated statistical analysis. Additionally, the Sr. Data Scientist will have the ability to work within the product team to enrich the product portfolio with analytic capabilities which enable our clients to drive additional insight from existing data sources. In this role, you will be expected to: Build analytic models such as forecasting, social network, propensity, churn, response/attribution, and profitability using tools such as Python and/or R Experience building customer segmentation systems Ability to take a lead role in building and enhancing Quaerorsquos analytic methodologies Ability to lead and manage multiple projects efficiently and meet deadlines Strong experience working with relational databases and SQL Ability to work within and communicate with internal and client teams Willingness to mentor team members Coming in, herersquos what you should have: 3 years of R experience 2 years of Big Data experience in either a data appliance environment (Netezza, Teradata, etc. ) and / or an open source big data environment (Hadoop, MongoDB, etc. ) 2 Years Python experience 2 Years of SQL experience Experience with the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and principles of product development such as version control, installations and upgrades Passion for generalizing analytic models and techniques into reusable product assets Education: Bachelorrsquos degree in a relevant field (Mathematics, Economics, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science or Advanced Analytics) required Advanced degree or equivalent business experience preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql server mysql software development python product development teradata sdlc open source analytics release management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Quaero Quaero\'s solutions for media companies can provide you with a distinct competitive advantage. Together, we\'ll harvest and analyze all the available data about your viewers, readers or listeners. Then we create highly segmented, targeted advertising packages and marketing strategies that deliver more for your ad buyers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details