TITLE: Sr. Manager - SM - 3rd Line Mgr

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Lead a 3rd Line support team focused on the assure activities supporting all areas of Customer Services. o Complex incident management (Technology and Solution based). o Root Cause analysis for major incidents and escalated faults. o Complex delivery in line with customer SLAs Work with the other 3rd Line Support teams to establish the processes, systems and skills, required to support Solutions that are dependent on multiple technologies. Work with Customer Services and BE&T managers and team leaders to: o Improve fault management performance. o Improve the availability and reliability of Solutions, and the technologies that support them. o Continually review end-end processes, in order to improve their efficiency and effectiveness. Assist with the definition, and embedding, of a consistent set of processes interfacing to: o Customer Services teams o Account teams in VGE/ CSSO & Problem Management. o Service Management o Service Delivery (Provide and Field) Manage the motivation and morale within the team, and by ensuring: o All colleague management responsibilities are carried out in accordance with the Vodafone values. o All colleagues have regularly reviewed Performance Dialogue that is aligned with the wider business goals, individual performance goals. o All colleagues have appropriate personal development plans; that are regularly reviewed. Provide management of a set of measures covering: o SLA, RiSLA, MTTR and Delivery On-Time (DOT) performance. o MTBF and fault volumes. o Service reliability and performance. o Colleague absence and attrition. o Colleague development and performance. Provide an on-call presence, on a rotational basis, for 3rd Line technology area. Drive for Quality and Delivery Standards o Passionate about end-to-end performance and the quality of service delivered to our Customers o Initiates improvements to operational processes and has a can-do attitude when working in a demanding and ambiguous environment o Demonstrates a strong bias for action; delivering against time, quality and cost Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager -(Technical) Keyskills development service o standards operational service management customer services management performance line Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS consulting Private Ltd Services Provided: Recruitment, Staffing and Training. > 20 years of providing Manpower Solutions. > Head Quartered at Kolkata with a Pan India presence with 7 offices (3 offices at Kolkata, 1 each at Pune, Hyderabad, Bhubaneshwar and Bangalore.) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details