TITLE: Developer, Marketing

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum of 2 years experience with Java, J2EE, ESB, Spring development Knowledge Must have strong knowledge in UML based design, Design patterns, Java, Servlets, JSP, & Oracle database. - Must have strong knowledge of legacy application interfaces. - JDK 1.4, J2EE 1.2, Servlet 2.2, MVC Frameworks & Oracle 10, WebServer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development uml design patterns esb interfaces java servlets oracle database jdk 1 4 mvc frameworks servlets jsp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VMD Technologies Company Overview At VMD Technologies, we achieve real business results that allow you to transform, and not just maintain, your operations. Our IT services, business solutions and outsourcing bring you a level of certainty that no other competitor can match. You will experience your requirements being met on time, within budget and with high quality; greater efficiency and responsiveness to your business; and the ability to shift investment to strategic initiatives rather than tactical functions. Company Profile Founded in 2009 by VMD Technologies, VMD Technologies is the pioneer of organized recruitment services in India. Over the years, we have established ourselves as the best recognized Development & recruitment brand nationally. We are the preferred recruitment partners for clients and a trusted consultant for Indian professionals, both in India and overseas. VMD Technologies bring a unique approach to recruitment. Our focus has always been on middle and senior management talent needs. We recruit across various industry segments for multinational corporations as well as leading Indian business houses. Mission We have helped shape the careers of several professionals and have partnered with more than 10 multinational companies to set up and staff their operations in India. Our organization network includes 2 offices spread across international presence in the UK & INDIA. We operate through domain-specialist teams spread across the country, providing high quality permanent hire services. We have a unique recruitment model that allows us to customize recruitment according to the standards of our clients. A formal contract can be drawn once a candidate is placed by VMD Technologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details