TITLE: Mechanical Design/Semiconductor - Senior Engineer / Lead

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Desired Profile - Independently researches, plans, and designs mechanical, thermal, and vacuum related subsystems for semiconductor capital equipment and coordinates activities involved in the drafting and design process of these systems. Researches and analyzes data such as customer design proposal, specifications, and manuals to determine feasibility of design or application. Designs products or sub-systems such as vacuum chambers, controls, robots, material handling, electrode structures, and mechanical, thermal, hydraulic, or heat transfer systems to interface machines, hardware, and software. Coordinates fabrication and testing activities to ensure products and systems conform to engineering design specifications. Provides technical direction and guidance in compliance engineering and assures that new designs are compliant with applicable regulatory standards (UL, NFPA, CE, SEMI-S2, etc. ) Works closely with software and electrical developers to integrate systems operation. Researches and analyzes data such as customer design proposal, specifications, and manuals to determine feasibility of design or application. Designs products or sub-systems such as vacuum chambers, controls, robots, material handling, electrode structures, and mechanical, thermal, hydraulic, or heat transfer systems to interface machines, hardware, and software. Coordinates fabrication and testing activities to ensure products and systems conform to engineering design specifications. Ability to plan and lead projects including other engineering resources and cross functional teams. Ability to interpret blueprints, drawings, schematics, technical journals and papers, and other related material. Expertise in mechanical packaging, electrical control panel design, , vacuum techniques, temperature control, and motion control. Ability to communicate effectively. Ability to develop technical reports and present technical material. Advanced ability in the use of AutoCAD, Inventor or other 3D CAD system, and Algor or similar multi-physics mechanical simulation software Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills cad thermal engineering design drafting hydraulic simulation fabrication material handling packaging heat transfer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tantra Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd. Tantra Infosolutions, a New Age Engineering Software enabled Services company is one of the front-runners in the industry. We are committed to stretching the limits of existing frameworks and shaping new dimensions into existence. Tantra was created by a team of professionals for the purpose of providing end-to-end mechanical engineering solutions. The quest for excellence has enabled us to develop a highly skilled team of motivated engineers who possess an excellent grasp over varied fields, from product design to manufacturing. Our success story lies in the Advanced infrastructure and domain expertise. We have a cost-effective business model to accommodate varied interests and requirements of its clients. Tantra has the engineering talent pool having a combination of engineers with relevant domain experience in design-development and project management methodologies. We combine an unique onsite/offshore delivery model to satisfy different customer needs providing a seamless approach to design and development. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details