TITLE: Digital Marketing Manager/expert or Sr. SEO Executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Digital Marketing Manager/expert or Sr. SEO Executive 4 - 8 yrs Bangalore Skills Required: Should be having minimum 4 years of real time experience Excellent English Communication Skills Should have the ability to handle a team. Should be updated with changing Digital Marketing Tools and Strategies. Having Google AdWords, Google Analytics Certifications would be an added advantage Passionate about Digital Marketing Training Candidates having good experience with more than 4 years in SEO, SEM and Internet Marketing and Social Media Marketing are preferred. Good exposure towards web analytics, keyword tools and paid advertisement campaigns. To have hands on experience for managing pages in social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and Linked In. To have good exposure to blog maintenance with WordPress. To have excellent verbal and written communication skills. To be able to generate content of your own for the required topics. To have excellent analytical, project management and time management skills. Should Posses Knowledge on: SEO(Search Engine Optimization) SMO(Social media optimization) SEM(Search engine marketing) SMM(Social Media Marketing) Affiliate Marketing Analytics-Google Analytics Webmaster Tools Email Marketing Automation Tools Competition Analysis Tools Web Designing- Wordpress& Blogging Servers Management&Tools Mobile Marketing Description: To analyze website, competition, client interaction and come up with new strategies for online marketing of the company and client websites. Strategize, Execute and Manage Organic Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Link Building and Internet Marketing, Social Media campaigns for the companys services, products and its clients. To monitor traffic, understand click through and select relative data and analyze for future action. To manage online promotion campaigns with e-Newsletters. To develop content, manage our blogs and work well with Office tools. To bring new ideas for brand promotions online. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 13,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills SEO Search Engine Marketing Online Marketing Internet Marketing Social Media Optimization Search Engine Optimization SEM Affiliate Marketing Link Building Digital Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Xmplarie IT Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Game Design & Development company with team of 100+ consistently delivered more than 200 + projects. We have worked with ranging startups to some big giants like Disney, WB, Coca-Cola, PUMA, Johnson & Johnson, Emirates NBD and many more, across 20+ countries Our forte is to design and develop visually thrilling games and application using gaming technologies across various platforms. We are specialized in: * Art & Design * Game Development * Digital Gamification * Game Porting * Visualization / Simulations * Virtual Reality Applications * Augmented Reality Games and Applications Achievements: * ISO-9001:2008 Certified. * One of the game which we'd developed "Hello Kitty" had been featured & ranked no.1 in Google Play Store * 'Best Gaming Software Companies, 2015' by STPI . * Some of the games developed for our clients has more than 10+ million downloads. * 20 Most Valuable Mobile Application Solution provider' by Insights Success Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details