TITLE: Sr. Web Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Designing, coding and debugging and maintenance of Android Mobile application systems Object-oriented Design and Analysis (OOA and OOD) Evaluate and identify new technologies for implementation Ability to convert business requirement into executable code solution Provide leadership to technical team Ability to analyze and resolve technical query in project execution Desired Candidate Profile: Minimum 2 Years of total experience in developing the android application. Should have hands on experience with Android SDK 1.5 to 2.2,2.3 or 2.4 is a plus Should have hands on experience with Rich UI Development in Android Knowledge of BroadCast Receivers and Services is a must Should have hands on experience with SQLite database. Should have good knowledge of XML, JSON Parsing. Knowledge of GPS and Google Maps integration is a must Knowledge of OPENGL is additional advantage Sound Knowledge in Object Oriented Programming skills. Good written and verbal communication skills & ability to interact with clients. Good logical, analytical and reasoning skills Self-driven on studying complex requirements Extremely hard working and eager to learn Well disciplined at work Good Team Member Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills analytical gps hard working coding mobile application xml javascript android google knowledge Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The HRism More than 30% Selection Ratio thereby reducing the HR Time & Efforts. Optimum Satisfaction for Each Selected Candidate. To work in close coordination with each & every clients for their Executive Search & Consulting requirements. To provide value added services apart from the normal requirements for each assignments. To execute each and every assignment with utmost Trust & Integrity. To adhere to follow & maintain the Strict norms of the client & their code of ethics. To thoroughly crosscheck the short listed candidates profile before they appear for interview. To act as an Internal HR of the Company rather than considered as Placement Agency. To serve each Candidate & Client with utmost respect, honesty & Professionalism. To provide the guarantee of each & every selected candidate as per the Service Agreement Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details