TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Present purchase offers to sellers for consideration. Interview clients to determine what kinds of properties they are seeking Prepare documents such as purchase agreements, closing state Coordinate property closings, overseeing signing of documents and disbursement of funds. Compare property with similar property that has recently sold to determine its competitive market price. Answer the queries raised by the client related to the propertydealing. Coordinate appointments to show homes to prospective buyers. Visit properties to assess them before showing them to the clients. Answer clients question regarding construction work, financing, maintenance, and repairs. Advice clients on market conditions, prices, mortgages, legal requirements and related matters. Accompany buyers during visits to and inspections of property, advising them on suitability and value of the homes they arevisiting. Generate list of properties from within the company that are compatible with buyer\'s needs and financial resources. Evaluate mortgage options to help clients obtain financing at the best prevailing rates and terms. ol> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills documents closing options clients market business development manager properties property buyer purchase Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: PropLadder Realty Pvt. Ltd. Advise customers on Property purchases and guide them through the entire property journey Help customers on which property best suits their individual and family needs Arrange site visits with one of our experienced Sales Executives Provide best deals and rates to our customers Advise on Home loans and help through the application process Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details