TITLE: operations transformation lead

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Partner effectively with Sales Client relationship teams to source and selling new opportunities ... 3- 7 years of overall experience, with hands on experience in driving transformative consulting pro ... 3-5 Y Operations Transformation Lead Operations Transformation Lead Operations Transformation Lead Roles and responsibilities Partner effectively with Sales Client relationship teams to source and selling new opportunities Partner with client leads to understand business priority and operational challenges. Develop real world solutions to resolve client business needs. Develop and articulate proof of concept for clients including strategy, scope, staffing, engagement setup and execution. Lead and supervise Operations Transformation projects based solutions Engage with Senior level stakeholders effectively in a dialogue. Develop new methodologies and assets to support Transformation projects. Work with deal teams to provide subject matter expertise and industry / offering insights for important client proposals and RFPs. Skill set 3- 7 years of overall experience, with hands on experience in driving transformative consulting projects for at least 2-3 years exposure to Outsourcing in a Consulting, Sales or Senior Delivery capability Exposure to US/overseas Markets Strong Consulting and project management skills and demonstrated experience in managing teams across functions and geographies Prior experience of selling, shaping client opportunities in respective industry will be added advantage 3-5 Y Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills operations selling staffing outsourcing assets operational functions client relationship transformation lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ValeurHR E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details