TITLE: Sr./ Software Engineer (Angular.js)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To build next-generation web applications which are effient, reusable front-end abstractions and systems. Explore and design dynamic and compelling consumer experiences. Work closely with designers to implement versatile front-end solutions while embrang emerging standards and pushing the limits of what a browser can do. Actively partipate in design and code reviews to build robust applications and prototypes. Interacting with other team members to passionately collaborate our innovations with teams Analyse system function and performance requirements to support design concepts. What are we looking for? Minimum qualifications Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ajax Command an impressive portfolio of the latest UI technologies Experience with web libraries such as JQuery and at least one framework such as AngularJS, underscore js, and backbone js Preferred qualifications Experience in working on web backend frameworks such as Ruby on Rails & Django Experience with working in Linux environment Experience with one or more MVC framework. Mobile web UI development, Responsive UI development and iOS/Android native app development Experience in desktop/mobile and browser development. An interest in user interface design. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development desktop backend front end linux javascript android standards ajax experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Amagi Media Labs Pvt. Ltd. Amagi is Indias largest Ad network, handling over a million Ad seconds every month. Amagi, with its patented platform and ecosystem of partners, brings a comprehensive platform for advertisers to take advantage of this innovation, in terms of regional measurement, monitoring, creatives and media planning methodologies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details