TITLE: Snr. Product Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A versatile C programmer with a special passion for developing sophisticated, mission critical and innovative audio related applications aimed at the global market. Programming Skills : Proficiency in C is mandatory. Exposure to C , Linux /Unix shell scripting, and MATLAB is an advantage. Knowledge of FFMPEG or other multimedia SDKs will be a strong advantage. The person should have a demonstrated capability of writing efficient and structured complex software codes. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge of all major audio/video/container formats (Raw/AES, WAV, MP3, AC3, MPEG-2/4, .mpeg, .3gp, .mp4) is expected. You are also expected to have a good hold on the operating system concepts and multi-processing environment. Additional understanding of theoretical concepts behind video streaming and its implementation specifics will be a strong advantage. Aptitude : Enthusiastic, creative, team player and excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in sports will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills python quality assurance unix shell scripting multimedia matlab audio mp3 english sports operating system concepts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc At the crossroads of ideas and entrepreneurship, Diginoc is where concepts considered avant garde evolve into exciting business ventures. Cutting across industries, we bring together visionary entrepreneurs, talented professionals and industry veterans from the world over to deliver truly path-breaking technologies and venture-spin-offs. At Diginoc, the focus of innovation extends beyond technology to the new business models needed for todays dynamic and complex global economy. Orchestrating a formidable synergy between direct market access through ventures incorporated across key international markets, strategic partnerships with industry partners, and shared off-shoring, Diginoc is fast emerging as an important innovation hub for technology and business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details