TITLE: CAD...

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Job Profile Candidate should be a graduate/Post Graduate in Fashion Designing. Should have the Knowledge of Auto CAD, Lectra, Tuka CAD or any other Fashion designing course. Should have good communication skills. Minimum of 1 year of work experience. Salary shall commensurate with education and experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills fashion designing auto cad good communication skills experience salary be lectra graduate post education Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vogue Institute of fashion Technology Since the inception in the year 1996, Vogue institute of fashion technology has traveled an illustrious journey, thriving on its initial objective and promise of imparting Industry Specific education to todays youth. The institution has been focusing in providing training that promotes employable skills, and enhances social relevance. The institution imparts training of various academic programs right through vocational to post graduation level, specializing in Design, Management and technology. Vogue Institute of Fashion Technologys new campus is an architecture and design marvel, built with state-of-the art postmodern amenities. It is located in the elite Apparel Park, a revered and prime project of Karnataka Government, housing approximately around 75 textile and apparel giants. The institution provides industry exposure, along with technical and practical field knowledge with assured placements. The new campus in Apparel Park has a technologically advanced Smart campus, highly equipped with international standard design laboratories for Textile, Pattern Making, Jewellery Making and Sewing among many others. It has a comprehensive library and research center to assist students and faculty. Each of the study center, workplace and classrooms are aesthetically designed & fitted with LCD projectors. Amphitheater, auditorium and convention hall are among the other campus highlights of Vogue Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details