TITLE: Product Designer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Careers details | DFJ Venture Designers at Cleartrip are always working on interesting things. Making travel simple isnt a easy job. Our team is constantly challenged with real life problems and strive to solve them with great user experience. We believe that you cant be part of Cleartrip without being highly sensitised to design. We are looking for a Product designer who is enthusiastic, passionate and wants to be involved in an app which got featured in App store twice. A Mobile Product Designer has to refine Cleartrips simplicity and apply it to new, amazing, and beautiful user experiences. Cleartrip has a bunch of projects in the pipeline. There are countless UX challenges and mobile usecases to solve. We feel like were in a unique position to change the way people experience all their travel needs on mobile. Cleartrips Bangalore office is filled with all the tools you need, and youll be working with an awesome and like-minded team. Responsibilities Youre actively involved in defining the mobile strategy for a given product You make design decisions based on user data and product requirements keeping the users context in mind You obsess over details and are excited to polish until your work is pixel-perfect You collaborate with teams for awesome products You thrive in an environment with short feedback loops and a highly iterative process Requirements You must have 2 to 3 yrs of experience in product development for mobile and has shipped multiple (or one awesome) products You like to distill complicated problems into simple and elegant solutions You have an understanding of what makes a travel experience good or bad you can think through user problems, find reasonable solutions, mock them up in detail You love making things beautiful, and you have a strong understanding of composition, balance, symmetry, and white space You have a highly refined aesthetic sense You have to work with a cool team of mobile developers to create delightful interactions. Youre a self-starter who will actively seek the ways to make the Cleartrip experience both visually appealing and easy to use You look for opportunities to solve problems in unique and innovative ways. You have plenty of experience designing for the mobile and understand how to apply both form and function within it while maintaining simplicity You create your own iconography, set your own guidelines, and build easy-to-navigate documents and processes You want to work on a team of the Indias best designers and engineers, building a product that you use for your every travel need. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills product development travel tools pipeline passionate ux documents maintaining product designer user experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Draper Fisher Jurvetson Draper Fisher Jurvetson Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details