TITLE: Senior ACON- Mask Design Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Expertise in Analog Layout, Mask design Experience in Analog Mixed signal Layouts Should have worked in layout of atleast one of below IPrsquos- PLL, ADC, OPAMPs, POR, BGR Should have worked on Floor planning the layout of lower-level analog and digital blocks. Block level integration and physical verification. Support the top level integration of complete chip. Integration of the various FUBS and building section level layout Applying various matching techniques to the transistors, resistors and capacitors Routing the layout taking into consideration all the design rules. Verification of the layout- DRC, LVS , ERC, ANTENNA checks, METAL AND VIA DENSITY FIX, DFM, ELECTRO MIGRATION FIXES etc. for different levels Supporting various steppings and ECO implementation LEF Generation Development/Productivity Tools: Cadence: Schematic composer, Virtuoso Layout Editor, Virtuoso XL, NC Verilog Calibre DRC & LVS, Assura DRC & LVS Work experience in 45nm, 22nm, 14nm, or lower process technology A competent knowledge of the main requirements from the analog layout perspective Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development tools verification verilog schematic drc eco capacitors physical verification mixed signal Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HR Global HR Global is an Internationally Accredited, ISO 9001:2008 certified organisation, is emerging as one of the leading specialist HR Outsourcing organisation with a focus on providing Executive Search, Headhunting, Outsourcing, Human Resource Training, Corporate Training and Soft Skills Training to client organizations. We are committed to offering people and people related services with a view to enhance human talent in the organizations and hence resulting in overall organizational growth at large. We have developed hard-core expertise in managing the entire recruitment process searching for talent, tracking movement of high-performers, identifying the right fit and matching them with your requirements. The main objective of HR Global is to provide best Staffing Solutions through our expertise in professional recruitment methodology. We Provides a solution by becoming the outsourced partner for Transformational HR solutions. We build, operate and sustain the entire Core HR for an organization from scratch to scale. Whether you are a startup, growing organization or an established organization looking to set up a new business vertical, HR Global offers unique transformational Human Resource Outsourcing solutions, allowing you to get the benefits of world class core HR services execution, leaving you free to focus on your key business priorities. We cater to manpower requirements of the various sectors in the industry at junior, middle and senior management levelsNational and International staffing. We assist our Clients in creating and developing by providing following services. We strive to be the first choice in the supply of staffing solutions to local and international businesses through partnership with clients, whilst fulfilling the expectations of our candidates. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details