TITLE: Manager Business Analytics

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this CE Mission Statement : To build India's most loved fashion brand by offering differentiated customer experience. Relevance : - Customer experience has been acknowledged as the core driver of Myntra's growth and more so going forward as we become an engagement platform rather than just a fashion retailer. CE is central to shaping the overall company direction by interacting with ALL departments (category, catalog, supply chain, tech.) to incubate and drive differentiation projects, and drive improvement initiatives - Illustrative projects that the team is working on setting up a fashion services marketplace, setting up an internal MR / Voice of Customer service line, driving differentiation projects like scheduled deliveries / alterations, operational improvements at the call center Team : - Team is a mix of people to mirror the overall org-so it has people from tech (product managers), usablity experts, fashion and retail professionals, supply chain experts and a pool of Business Analysts who provide generalist problem solving and project management skills. We have an extremely strong team-our Business Analysts are all from BCGand our CE team is headed by an ex-McKinsey Associate Partner. What we are looking for : - First and foremost,problem solving ability- they will be dealing with a very ambiguous set of problems (eg, setting up fashion services marketplace), Very action oriented (we will have a bunch of things that keep coming-up taking them to closure is a critical skill) Strong project management skills and communication / influencing skills. - Tech orientation is a must, past background in tech is not mandatory but preferred. Career progression : - We see this as a central talent pool which we are developing. One will get exposure to all aspects of the business in this role, and after 1.5 years or so, we expect (and will actively support) our BAs to move into different functions OR start playing leadership roles the businesses that are being incubated by this team. This team has great visibility internally and therefore the movement opportunities will be plentiful. Responsibilities : - Define business problems for CE and define key metrics and indicators for measurement - Conduct analysis for assigned business problem by collecting data from all internal and external sources and perform analysis to get answers to business questions. - Put together excel models for business scenario analysis - Conduct Market research for an assigned topic to dig out relevant data and analytics - Deeper analysis of consumer behaviors & trends, by reviewing the internal & external data All roles require : - Strong communication skills (verbal & written) - Strong Analytical Skills and Process Orientation - The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills Data Analytics Customer Experience Business Analysis Project Management Market Research Call Center Customer Service Process Orientation Strong Communication Skills Supply Chain Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Myntra Designs Pvt. Ltd. Introduction Myntra is a one stop shop for all your fashion and lifestyle needs. Being India's largest e-commerce store for fashion and lifestyle products, Myntra aims at providing a hassle free and enjoyable shopping experience to shoppers across the country with the widest range of brands and products on its portal. The brand is making a conscious effort to bring the power of fashion to shoppers with an array of the latest and trendiest products available in the country. Value Proposition Myntra's value proposition revolves around giving consumers the power and ease of purchasing fashion and lifestyle products online. Offerings such as the largest in-season product catalogue, 100% authentic products, cash on delivery, EMI facility and 30 day return policy make Myntra, the preferred shopping destination in the country. To make online shopping easier for you, a dedicated customer connect team is on standby to answer your queries 24x7. Brands Myntra understands its shoppers' needs and caters to them with choice of apparel, accessories, cosmetics and footwear from over 500 leading Indian and international brands. Prominent brands include Adidas, Nike, Puma, Catwalk, Inc 5, United Colors of Benetton, FCUK, Timberland, Avirate, FabIndia and Biba to name a few. You can also shop from some recently introduced labels such as - Roadster, Sher Singh, Dressberry, Kook N Keech and ETC. Recognitions - Awarded 'Fashion eRetailer of the Year 2013' by Franchise India - Indian eRetail Awards - Awarded 'Best E-commerce Website for 2012' by IAMAI - India Digital Awards - Awarded 'Images Most Admired Retailer of the Year: Non-Store Retail' for 2012 by Images Group - Awarded 'Best E-commerce Partner of the year 2011-12' by Puma India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details