TITLE: Network Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: We are a group of people building a product that will change how IT operations are managed across server, network and storage areas. Our customers are some of the largest in their space and have new challenges to pose for us everyday. We need you to bridge the gap between applications and networks, understand new technology and being the tech muscle in sales meetings. You will experience hard, realworld problems in a variety of domains and work in a flat organisation which values talent over title. We will encourage you to develop your career with a fair bit of freedom. There will be travel and you might be deployed at a customer site for a few weeks at a time. Desired Skills : Have a strong technical foundation in network administration at a service provider, cloud service provider, or large enterprise. Have an interest in learning new tools and systems and a willingness to invest in improving technical breadth and depth Virtualisation (VMWare, Xen, OpenStack) experience SDN (Contrail, Vyatta) experience Experience with infrastructure tools like chef, puppet and ansible would be a plus Some development experience in a scripting language Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills development server vmware network administration xen it operations tools travel experience network architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Idea Device Technologies Idea Device Technologies provides enterprise-software solutions to automate IT data center operations. Incubated at IIM Bangalore in 2009 and funded by Sequoia Capital, a Silicon Valley based VC, Idea Device has its headquarters in Singapore and development offices are located in Bangalore, Mumbai, and San Francisco. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details