TITLE: Senior Engg (html + SQL Server) 4-6yrs Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities Build user interface and back-end database and author complex web pages using HTML5 & .Net technologies. Create prototypes and functional specifications for software projects. Make suggestions on creating technical standards. Write/maintain SQL stored program units/packages and maintain coding standards. Query optimization, debugging, and performance tuning for improving performance. Write unit tests (document and code) for the SQL stored procs Build Reports with SSRS and/or Tableau Conduct a consolidation and data cleansing of all data based collection activities Adapt faster and Work closely with existing team and Architect and ensure successful deliveries Desired Qualifications: 3-5 years experience with SQL Server 2008 and above. Experience with SSIS, SSAS and SSRS. Experience in HTM5 (Infragistics Ignite UI, Marionette , Telerik-Kendo UI etc.,), java script and web applications in Microsoft.NET. Experience with Tableau is a plus Experience in the energy or Manufacturing domain is a plus Bachelors or Masters from Engineering or Computer science background Excellent analytical and design skills Exposure and working in Agile teams Good communication skills English Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. TEKsystems* A US based $4.0 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $9.5 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details