TITLE: Solution Architect (servicenow)

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position-- Solution Architect (Service Now) Experience-- 8 years to 12 years Notice Period--Immediate / 1 Months / 2 Months Job location--Mumbai/Bangalore Job Description -- Primary Skill : Solution Architecting Additional Skills : Role Description : Support the Solution Architect providing solution design and solution approval process. When required, provide costing, response development and operations support. Job Description Additional Comments : Service-Now Solution Architect Job Description This role is a pre-sales Solution Architect role who would manage the large and complex bid Solutioning including RFP response more from Services / Implementation perspective (and not product sales). Candidate must have a minimum of 2 years of Service-Now delivery experience and an added minimum experience of 3 years of delivering other ITSM applications like BMC Remedy, HP Service Manager etc. Candidate having System Integration/ Project Implementation/ Product Pre-sales background to effectively architect, design, and deploy Service-Now solutions would be desirable. Should have an understanding of the complexities involved in integrating the various modules, functionalities supported, customer requirements compliance etc. The candidate must have a strong background in ITIL methodologies including, Change, Incident, Problem and Knowledge Management. The resource must effectively identify the key customer requirements, seeking RFP clarifications, understanding compliance and SLA requirements, envisage the high level solution and work with the Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Placewell Consultants I hope you are doing well.Allow me to take this opportunity in introducing myself and the purpose of this e-mail. My name is Harish and I am representing Placewell Consultants,Gurgaon. We are Platinum Partners with CMM Level 5 Organisation in India and Abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details