TITLE: iOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Deliver across the entire app life cycle -concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app stores and support. Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform. Working closely with another mobile app developer leading the other platform development. Working directly with developers and product managers to conceptualize, build, test and realize products. Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions. Working along the web developers to create and maintain a robust framework to support the apps. Working with the front end developers to build the interface with focus on usability features. Create compelling device specific user interfaces and experiences. Optimizing performance for the apps Keep up to date on the latest industry trends in the mobile technologies. Requirements Strong experience writing & debugging applications in core Objective-C. Thorough understanding of iPhone memory management & instruments. Proficient in working with the Interface Builder. Good knowledge of Object-Oriented programming and associated design patterns. Thorough understanding of the possibilities & limitations of the iOS WebView. Familiar with Appstore procedures and working experience in deploying apps successfully. Knowledge of Push Notifications and JSON Parsing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development stores instruments front end coding iphone interfaces objective c life cycle procedures Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: winni Winni.in provides a perfect online gifting solution, with all products at a reasonable price, without compromising the quality and service. Which help us to express your feelings and emotions with gifts that we deliver. Winni provides very fresh cakes for delivery in Bangalore and cakes delivery in Hyderabad, along with beautiful flowers, soft toys, greeting cards and many more products for giving as a gift to someone. We have options in the cake category like birthday cakes, anniversary cakes, valentine cakes etc. To increase the excitement and surprise element, we also offer midnight cake delivery in Bangalore as well as midnight cake delivery in Hyderabad. You can order your gifts online from Winni.in with an option of either paying it online or choosing Cash on delivery. You can place your order sitting anywhere across the world. As of now we are delivering gifts only in Bangalore and hyderabad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details