TITLE: DGM/GM Banking Collections - MM

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:Lead/ Manage all aspects of Operations with emphasis on continuous improvement in operating results and strengthening underlying processes in colletions. Delivery of all customer metrics Ensuring continuous improvement in service delivery through process improvement initiatives. Develop and sustain strong relationship with clients . Implement robust processes to ensure high employee satisfaction & engagement and there by contain attrition. Continuously drive and improve effiency metrics like seat/manpower utilizations. Continuously drive and customer and employee metrics. Do a proper base-lining of performance. Ensure integrity of data and reports and adherence to service level agreements Key Skills:Should have client front ending & management capability. Should be analytical and have a strong numbers orientation . Should have leadership qualities and ability to manage large teams & manage processes (400 ) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: 2COMS Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Services Provided: Recruitment, Staffing and Training. > 20 years of providing Manpower Solutions. > Head Quartered at Kolkata with a Pan India presence with 7 offices (3 offices at Kolkata, 1 each at Pune, Hyderabad, Bhubaneshwar and Bangalore.) > Catering to multiple Verticals such as IT, ITES, BFSI, Telecom, Healthcare, Manufacturing, FMCG, Retail, Pharma and many more. > Now venturing into the foray of Skill Development with its recent partnership with NSDC. > Providing services such as Campus Recruitment, Turnkey Hiring, Bulk Recruitment, RPO Solutions, International Placements etc. > Extending contractual manpower solutions with its Staffing Brand "TEMP FORCE". > Successfully placed over 60,000 professionals till date with 5000 in the last financial year itself. > Boasting of 250 seasoned recruiters with domain specialization delivering year on year. > Dedicated teams for Entry level to Top Leadership Hiring. > Bridging the demand & supply gap of ready workforce with Talent Creation via its training wing "JobsAcademy". Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details