TITLE: Software Engineers

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You shall be a First Class Engineering graduate, with distinction, from any reputed institute. You shall have around 2 to 3 years of experience in the software industry, with a proven track record. Specific expertise in the following areas is essential: Operating Platforms :LinuxLanguages :C (Excellent)Protocols / Standards :VoIP, TCP/IP, FTP, TFTP, DNS, DHCPEnvironments / Tools :CVSDomain :Telephony You shall possess good analytical and design skills, with the ability to independently visualize, design and implement one or more modules of a project. You shall also possess good communication skills (oral and written) and shall be a good team member. y Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills linux dns voip ftp tools standards tftp good communication skills tcp ip design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MultiTech Software Systems India Private Limited Today, what does it take for a company to be a success? Most certainly, dedication and commitment to quality will help in getting there. But it is the spirit of enterprise and courage to challenge and harness the available technology that makes a company grow and prosper. This is the backbone of our success. Formed by an enterprising group of professionals in 1990, MultiTech Software Systems has grown to become one of Indias leading software development and consultancy services organizations. We provide state-of-the-art software product development services and total solutions that meet standards in data communications, networking and embedded systems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details