TITLE: Assistant Manager - Project Accounting

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Manages activities of contract administration team to ensure that contracts are prepared, negotiated and accepted in accordance with Corporate policies. Monitors contract and business terms to mitigate Oracle*s risk. Directs the activities of the purchasing support staff to meet company objectives. Manages the Contract Support staff. Directs the activities of the contracts support staff responsible for providing administrative support. Responsible for the preparation, negotiation, acceptance, and management of commercial contracts; including licensing agreements. Reviews and approves all contractual documents, drafted by Field Contracts staff, for protection of Oracle*s contractual posture, satisfaction of customer specifications, and adherence to company policy. Work with Legal throughout the negotiating and drafting process; to ensure all necessary approvals are received. Conduct periodic audits of Field Contract staffs executed engagement contracts for compliance with company policy and ensure adequate quality and technical proficiency. Coordinates the daily activities of a work group, setting priorities to ensure task completion. Provides technical/functional leadership as well as first line supervision, but does not have hire/fire authority. Interacts daily with staff and/or functional peer groups in the presentation of factual information. Experience in drafting and negotiating complex commercial, federal, state and/or local government contracts. Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of Oracle Contract Management process. BA/BS Paralegal Certification or equivalent years of professional experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Brief Description:Manages activities of contract administration team to ensure that contracts are prepared, negotiated and accepted in accordance with Corporate policies. Monitors contract and business terms to mitigate Oracle*s risk. Directs the activities of the purchasing support staff to meet company objectives. Manages the Contract Support staff. Detail Description:Directs the activities of the contracts support staff responsible for providing administrative support. Responsible for the preparation, negotiation, acceptance, and management of commercial contracts; including licensing agreements. Reviews and approves all contractual documents, drafted by Field Contracts staff, for protection of Oracle*s contractual posture, satisfaction of customer specifications, and adherence to company policy. Work with Legal throughout the negotiating and drafting process; to ensure all necessary approvals are received. Conduct periodic audits of Field Contract staffs executed engagement contracts for compliance with company policy and ensure adequate quality and technical proficiency. Job Requirements: Coordinates the daily activities of a work group, setting priorities to ensure task completion. Provides technical/functional leadership as well as first line supervision, but does not have hire/fire authority. Interacts daily with staff and/or functional peer groups in the presentation of factual information. Experience in drafting and negotiating complex commercial, federal, state and/or local government contracts. Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of Oracle Contract Management process. BA/BS Paralegal Certification or equivalent years of professional experience. Company Profile: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details