TITLE: Human Capital Management Reporting - Analyst Bengaluru

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Divisional Overview: The HCM Reporting team provides the Firms senior management with information and analysis related to compensation and headcount. This position will sit within the HCM Reporting, supporting several functions and/ or divisional teams within global HCM. The teams activities include regular support on firm wide reports to HCM leadership, Exec. Comm. Regional leadership teams and ad- hoc data reporting and analysis on related HCM metrics (attrition, headcount pyramids etc., ) Role Overview & Responsibility: Produce weekly/ monthly headcount and compensation reports for senior leadership. Create and run a wide variety of ad- hoc reports as requested by global HCM functions and/ or divisions Data validation run queries to confirm data is correct Work with HCM teams, regional and divisional users to understand their reporting needs and ensure assigned tasks are complete within the given timeframe Basic Qualifications Graduate/ Post Graduate Minimum 2 year work experience Preferred Qualifications Graduate/ Post graduate from any discipline Must be a self- starter with an analytical mind and able to understand varied business group needs with the ability to translate them into quantitative reports Teamwork ability to work well with others Advanced MS Excel Business Objects and MS Access knowledge Time management skills can manage multiple urgent deliverables and can prioritize workload to anticipate and meet deadlines. Ability to deal effectively and work under pressure within a global environment Handle high degree of confidential information with complete discretion Experience in Operations and/ or Human Resources preferred Goldman Sachs is an equal opportunity employer. ? The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2015. All rights reserved. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details