TITLE: Assistant Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Planning and executing offline activations in line with the brand positioning to drive brand visibility and recall, website traffic and mobile app downloads - on web, wap and mobile app Indentify, develop, innovative and timely execute cost effective communication at the ATL and BTL Ensure timely delivery of the internal and external national/ local campaigns. Identify business requirements, develop and execute creative elements which build brand salience and helps in business development. Manage Creative, Media release & PR agencies and meet creative requirements for the brand Design and execute marketing campaigns, advertisements and other marketing materials. Execute and manage on-ground events and activations Find new alliances & partnerships with synergize to the brand, manage contests for the same. Competitive Intelligence & Analysis - Gather and analyze customer insight Liaison with various teams and creative agencies involved in creating marketing campaigns. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Assistant / Associate Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Network18 Media and Investments Ltd. Burrp! is an online food discovery and recommendation engine in India built by a team of foodie's, developers, engineers, artists, passionate professional problem solvers, working around the clock to make it easy to find the right food and restaurant for your taste. We are disrupting the space through our amazing technology backbone and heavy focus on data and analytics. Burrp! is present across 11 cities in India and is in the process of expanding to other major tier II cities in India. The company is full of young and dynamic individuals who are helping to redefine the food search space in India and hopefully abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details