TITLE: Area Head for Bijapur, Bagalkot & Bellary

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We currently have opening for Area Head in Mahesh PU College at Bijapur, Bagalkot & Bellary Responsibilty of Area Business Manager : To take responsibility of the administration and admission targets for a particular center location of MT Educare Charitable Trust. Specifically, the position is responsible for: (1)Ensure smooth management of direct parent enquiry handling and also manage telephonic enquiry handling (2)Responsible for Admission target (3)Center Operations MIS and data management as per the process defined (SOPs) (4)View of improving the overall image and brand equity of the organization (5)Support and plan for improvement in admission rates for the by supporting and helping in BTL markeing activities like kiosks, leafleting, tele-calling etc Other Skills Candidate must have: 1.Excellent Communication skills (Spoken as Well as Written in English language) 2.Supervisory and Team Management Skills, good convincing skills 3.Presentable and excellent convincing ability 4.Knowledge of MS office 5.2-5 years experience in Sales, BPO, Front-office, Education related Min Academic counseling for student enrollment or any customer facing role. 6. Immediate joining preferred Eligibility Criteria 1. Graduate from any discipline and/or post graduate from any discipline or undergraduate with min.2 years of experience Min. Experience 2-8 years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MT Educare Ltd. MT Educare - the company that owns the Mahesh Tutorials brand - is an institution that provides education and aims to mentor youth, through its qualified faculty and focus on teaching methodologies. From the beginning of its business 26 years ago, MT Educare today has expanded to over 222 coaching centres in 134 locations across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Punjab and Dubai. We are now BSE & NSE listed company. The company is into major expansion plan and looking for young and talented people. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details