TITLE: Urgent Opening for Business Development - Sales for Bangalore Locatio

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate,One of our reputed client company belongs to Marketing Consultant having urgent opening for the post of Business development - SalesRequired Fields:1. Designation : Business Development - Sales (Software)2. Gender: Male/Female 3. Experience: Min 5 Years 4. Salary Range: Negotiable (No bar for right candidate)5. Location: Jaya Nagar - Bangalore 6. No of Requirement : 1 7. Education: Graduate8. Job Description : Roles & Responsibilities:* Responsible for managing a multi-person team to achieve/exceed monthly sales targets and net profit quota.The team will include a Business Development Representative and Business Development Specialist at aminimum.* Collaboratively works with the team to develop an overall territory account plan in order to maximizeopportunities and generate sales activity with customers, partners and publishers.* Must identify, prospects and new customers through strategic partners in an assigned geographic territory* Leads negotiations, coordinates complex decision-making process, and overcomes objections to capture newbusiness opportunities* Develops and utilizes marketing related events, seminars, mailings and call campaigns to increase brandawareness and presence in the local market* Provides training to customers and partners regarding software publisher contracts and optimal usage ofagreements post-mortem. Facilitates all communications, order processing, and reporting of customer andpartner transactions in territory* Evaluates software contract spend and utilization in a given organization. Must then be able to optimizespending patterns, technology usage, and implementation strategies. This will require high level ofknowledge of internal organization workings, Information Technology trends.* Develops strong knowledge of leading industry trends such as electronic commerce, spend management,and technology initiatives by developing proactive professional relationships with software publisherrepresentatives in assigned territory.* Be the field resource to customers and partners for leading industry volume license offerings from toppublishers.* Submits accurate and timely forecasts that are aligned with assigned sales quotas. Forecast sales revenueon a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.* Provides leadership and licensing knowledge to the customers and maintains an appropriate presence in thesoftware industry community.* Generates opportunities for meetings with key decision making personnel to drive the sales process forward..Interested candidates can forward their resume on meenakshi.jadhav@punevacancies. com Note:- If this profile is not matching to you then kindly forward to your friend's those who are interested for the same profile. Thanks & Regards,Meenakshi Jadhav07720046665/022-2774819 5Dynamic Manpower Services Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dynamic manpower services Dynamic manpower services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details