TITLE: Hyperion Financial management

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 3+ years of administration experience in Hyperion modules Essbase, Planning, HFM, FDM, FCM 2+ years of experience in Installation / configuration and up- gradation of Hyperion 9.x / 11.x software, in particular Essbase, Planning, HFM, Financial Reporting. Experience in Hyperion administration includes - monitoring systems, troubleshoot server failures, server reboots and coordinate patch installations. Experience on UNIX environments will be a big plus. Essbase Install Essbase and related patches as needed. Create, manage and migrate applications using EAS. Migrate Projects, Business Rules and variables. Manage Essbase backup scripts and monitor usage and performance of application. Assist team with tuning of databases via EAS and configuration files. Planning Create data sources, deploy applications and assist support team with security creation and refreshes. Review planning logs for issues. Apply patches as required. HFM Install HFM applications and assist support team with troubleshooting. Review logs for issues and fix them. Apply patches as required. Reporting Assist team with deployment of reports. Understand how to install and configure BI Plus components including FR Reporting Studio. Assist development team with issues using FR Reporting Studio Smartview Assist support team in troubleshooting issues with smartview. Deploy new smartview versions for clients when necessary. Understand configuration of Excel for Essbase connections and additional connections to supporting database schemas Support and resolve user Desktop access issues, integrating Hyperion components with LDAP Troubleshoot technical issues and work with vendor and development teams to determine root causeÂ Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Base Technical Solid troubleshooting skills, including when to contact other engineering teams, vendor technical support and when to escalate an issue to the IT management team. Working knowledge of Windows Server 2000/ 2003 and Linux or Unix variants Exposure to Windows Batch Files / Unix Shell Scripting Basic understanding of database systems such as Oracle and SQL Server Familiarity with ITIL, software development cycles and project lifecycles Basic understanding of data warehousing and/ or business intelligence concepts"Â Company Profile: Target Complete Employment Solutions Target Complete Employment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details