TITLE: CTO...

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The CTO at Retale. in will be the wine to our cheese! By spearheading the overall technology function, you will be the go-to person for our co-founders, for all things technical. We are looking for a CTO to create the dream tech team at Retale. in as well as execute the end to end development of the product. You must be willing to get your hands dirty with the initial coding while being the Chief Architect of the product. You will own the technology & innovation at Retale. in and build the product keeping in mind user experience, scalability and features that solve worthwhile problems. For being such a rockstar, we also have equity compensation options! Responsibilities: Ownership of the whole technology function @ Retale. in. Identify, build and manage the ideal tech team. Handling the complete product from designing and development to deployment. Utilisation of new-age technologies and tools to make the analytical base of the product extremely robust. Read: AI, machine learning, big data to build an intelligent product. Optimization of the application for maximum speed, scalability and fault tolerance Design and implement internal tools and technologies to improve workflows and operations. You will have to take up the responsibilities of the Full Stack Developer till the product has reached significant scale. Skills & Qualifications: At least 4 years of experience in server-side & client-side development Strong CS fundamentals, good working knowledge of classic algorithms and data structures. Project management skills to ensure effectiveness and timeliness of deliveries. Strong team player. Proficient knowledge of back-end programming languages such as JAVA/ PHP. Strong knowledge of Machine learning is required to build new features in the system. Knowledge and experience in building systems like Recommendations is desirable. Good understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, Angular. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system Experience with cloud hosting and platforms. Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Experience working with image management for web & mobile apps Prior experience with mobile development SDKs for iOS & Android Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills java php javascript ajax android jquery server data structures algorithms co Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Retale Retale Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details