TITLE: Quality Assurance Engineer/lead - Automation Testing

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We build apps used by millions of people, and we take great pride in our work of enabling the world to paperless while doing business. This means excellent quality coverage thorough QA and an engineering organization built around rapid releases for new features and enhancements Responsibilities : - Lead the test effort from planning and organization to execution and delivery. Develop effective test strategies - Write or contribute to test plans and/or test cases for assuring quality of mobile applications. - Write and maintain automation scripts, thereby reducing the time and effort to certify releases. - Work with development teams to evaluate testability of new features/implementations. - Use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote best engineering practices, bug prevention strategies, testability, and other quality attributes across products. - Demonstrate intuition and knowledge about how to break software by finding bugs, and apply this knowledge with measurable result, impacting the quality of the product. - Provide customer support on software issue resolution via e-mail or remote access. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills QA Automation Testing Quality Assurance Engineering Test Cases Mobile Applications Software Design Customer Support Testing Desired Candidate Profile Preferred Qualifications :- BS/BE degree in engineering or equivalent practical experience.- 3 years of experience executing tests and automating test cases.- 2 years of experience in testing mobile applications.- Experience with test methodologies, writing test plans, creating test cases and debugging.- Experience with Selenium, Appium, or equivalent automation tools.- Experience in one of the following (script) languages: Java, Objective-C, HTML, Javascript.- Ability to independently lead a test development project, including Understand customer problems and provide helpful solutions.- Troubleshooting system and network issues.- Multi-tasking and able to work independently to meet deadlines- Task planning and code reviews, working with software engineers.- Deep knowledge of test methodologies, writing test plans, creating test cases and debugging- Deep knowledge of internet technologies.- Experience in using Test Management tools. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Squareroot Consulting Pvt Ltd Leading client of Squareroot Consulting Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details