TITLE: Engineer - Sales & Marketing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : Experience required with Product Engineering background with the right technical and business blend to join Connectwell team to manage product deliveries. Preferably possess 4-5 years of superior product management exposure in low voltage switch gear products or related products. Desired Skills: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Must be very comfortable with handling presentations. Highly energetic and self-motivated with inclination towards details. Must be able to spot, lead, and drive opportunities to closure. Job Responsibilities: Managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities Be an expert with respect to the competition Specifying market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by on-going visits to customers and non-customers. Driving a solution set across development teams (primarily Development/Engineering, and Marketing) through market requirements, product contract, and positioning To help develop strategic marketing plans for a product or product line through market research, competitive analysis, pricing, customer engagement, and business planning. Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority. Analyzing potential partner relationships for the product. Use input from marketing, customers, development engineers, and other personnel to provide robust solutions to our customers, both internal and external Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills development market research product management strategic planning business planning pricing handling competitive analysis product engineering customer engagement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CONNECTWELL INDUSTRIES PVT. LTD. Company Introduction Connectwell is the leading manufacturer of Terminal Blocks in India. In addition to Din Rail and PCB Terminal Blocks, Connectwell now offers a large range of products including Interface Modules, Industrial Plugs & Sockets, Professional Tools and Switching . . . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details