TITLE: Urgent - Looking for UX (user Experience) Designer for Bangalore

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We have an urgent opening for below mentioned job profile. Request you to go through the job description and send us your updated profile. Position: - UX (User Experience) Designer Experience: - 2 to 5 Years Location: - Bangalore Job Description:- - As a UX Designer, the candidate will be designing the feeling and usability of HTML5-based web and hybrid applications. Key Skills - Minimum 2 years of usability design experience for web-based multi-device applications - Experience in graphic designing tools such as Photoshop, Illustrator, UxPin. - UI Design and development skills would be an advantage - Basic HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript skills are a plus. Additional Skills / Qualifications - B.Tech/B.E/Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent field - Self-motivated, independent and detail-oriented - Has high behavioral observatory skills - Detail oriented, efficient, and driven - Good communication skills Key responsibilities - Develop user interaction models such as wireframes of screens, storyboards, flowcharts and task/activity flows from defined functional requirements - Develop UI specifications for the screens - Work with Visual / Graphic Designers to produce visual designs for mockups and screens - Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders of the product team Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:User Experience Designer Keyskills UX UX Design Usability Wireframe Site Map UxPin UX Designer UI design Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: STARMARK SOFTWARE PRIVATE LIMITED About Us Starmark Software is a Software Products and Solutions Development Company started in the year 2000. Currently, our major product initiatives are in Healthcare domain - Please refer www.vitalaxis.com for more details. Healthcare industry is one of the fastest growing domains across the globe today. There have been some exciting changes happening and technology is playing a very important role in not only the health administration, but also in Patient Safety, cost of Patient Care and Access to Information. VitalAxis has been a pioneer in establishing new trends in US healthcare space by applying new technologies, delivery models to achieve the goals of Healthcare industry. Some of the VitalAxis products are - Integrated Lab Information Management System, Vital Office - Web-based ordering System, Mobile device & GPS based Specimen Tracking and VitalCare - Evidence based EHR. You will be a part of highly motivated individuals who believes in the concept of "learning while implementing", a team which practices an idea of developing a shrink and a wrapped solution which are agile, scalable, performance optimized and maintainable. We at Starmark exercise learning and the sharing of ideas in an open environment, where you can visualize the transforming of complex healthcare business requirements into flexible, customizable software. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details