TITLE: Director (S&M) / V.P. (S&M)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: As a sales director, you will be responsible for creating and delivering sales & marketing strategy for the company, product range or designated market. You\'ll play a critical role in developing future growth, and provide vision, direction and leadership. Your specific duties are likely to include: Developing strategy, sales plans and profit targets. Achieving targets for revenue, profitability and sales growth. Delivering sales by developing relationships with global partners and ensuring a smooth coordination with the other internal teams involved. Identifying and reporting on business opportunities in target markets, utilizing the Strengths and Solutions of the company Ensures consistent, profitable growth in sales revenues through positive planning, deployment and management of sales personnel. Acting as an ambassador and role model for the business Taking responsibility for profit and loss. And hence the complete S&M function. Provide Direction, Training and Lead the S&M team. Work Environment: Flexible & Open environment of iWave. Primarily results and delivery driven.Nominally, you\'ll work 9am to 6 pm, Monday to Friday, Saturdays (2nd / 4th & 5th). However, your duties are likely to involve a lot of out of hours activity. You\'ll be Bangalore office-based, but also spend much of your time visiting clients, partners, other branches of iWave and your sales team & sales partners in the field. You may also need to attend conferences, trade fairs and exhibitions. Your job may involve travel in both India and abroad. Skills and Interests: To be a sales director you\'ll need to have: Excellent sales and negotiation skills Good business sense The ability to inspire, motivate and lead a team Initiative, drive and enthusiasm Excellent communication and \'people skills\' Good planning and organisational skills The ability to work calmly under pressure Entry: You\'ll need proven sales management experience, together with a good record of achieving targets. Experience and track record are usually considered more important than the formal qualifications. Exposure to the embedded industry is a plus (Not a must). You could have expert market knowledge gained from experience in Design services / IPs / ODMs. Opportunities & Annual Income: You could work as a sales director all over the Globe. Remuneration: Not a constraint for the right profile. An attractive ldquoSalary Incentiverdquo structure. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills travel coordination marketing strategy exhibitions embedded conferences pm ips people skills excellent communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iWave Systems Technologies iWave Systems Technologies, an ISO 9001:2008 certified company, established in the year 1999, focuses on Product outlook Engineering Services involving Embedded Hardware, FPGA and Software. iWaves Hardware expertise spans complex board design up to 30 layers; Analog , Digital & RF Designs; FPGA Development up to 3 million gates and VHDL / Verilog RTL Development & Verification. Our Software expertise ranges from OS Porting, Firmware & Device Drivers Development and Wireless & Protocol Stacks to Embedded Application Development. The company designs and develops cutting edge products and solutions. iWave has been an innovator in developing highly integrated, high performance, low power and low cost System-On-Modules(SOM) and Development Platforms. iWave has been able to develop advanced products for its customers using its SOMs in the shortest possible time at the most optimized design cost. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details