TITLE: Informatica+teradata Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Profile: Informatica + Teradata Developer Relevant Experience: 3 years of relevant Position: Software Engineer / Senior Software Engineer / Tech Lead Informatica + Teradata Level - SE/SSE/Tech Lead Work location - Bangalore Start date - Immediate PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:- Job description: As an Informatica developer, youll be involved on one or more projects concerning Teradata application. In coordination with Paris teams, youll take part in: Participate in implementation, including maintenance, error removal, logic optimization, testing, final corrections, and program and run time documentation. Troubleshoot reporting issues. Trace data/logic and report back on root cause. Participate to the delivery process. Technical Skills: 1.1 Technology or Platform : AIX 6.1 Coding Skills : Powercenter INFORMATICA V9.6, XML, ControlM description file, TERADATA V14 Minimal Tools to know: Powercenter INFORMATICA V9.6 Minimal Required experience : 3 years at minimum is required including experience with risk domain Functional background: Risk domain Methodology: Scrum in agile-scrum framework 1.2 Special Technical Knowledge: Write, debug, diagram, create flowcharts, code, and document programs. Assist with design, deployment and support of reporting solutions and data warehouse. Coordinate with other technology work teams to ensure project success. 1.3 Behavioural Skills: The role must have the following behavioural skills: Ability to quickly learn new applications Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to work in multi-task way and manage multiple projects with changing priority Ability to work in a cross-cultural team with multi geographical locations Ability to communicate(verbal and written) effectively with counterparts in Paris and vendors on technical topics Ability to handle technical issues and escalations Ability to support the project manager to resolve operational issues Note: May involve travel to Paris for 1 month. Must have a background of working preferably in risk domain with investment banking / product based companies. Education Required: Bachelors Degree Start date: Asap / Immediate Location: Bangalore. SKILLS: Excellent Communication skills. Problem solving skills. Ability to work in a team environment. Possesses strong product/technology/industry knowledge and risk domain expertise. Troubleshooting skills. Ability to influence others to achieve results. Strong technical aptitude. Notice Period: Looking for Immediate Joinees. Mandatory Skills: Informatica+ Teradata Developer with Risk Domain Experience. Optional Skills: Investment Banking Knowledge or Investment Banking Projects. Experience: 3+ years Mandatory Skills: JAVA, XML, SQL, shell Unix with 3 years at minimum is required including experience with risk domain along with Scrum in agile-scrum framework. Education Required: Bachelors Degree Start date: Asap / Immediate Location: Bangalore. SKILLS: Excellent Communication skills. Problem solving skills. Ability to work in a team environment. Possesses strong product/technology/industry knowledge and risk domain expertise. Troubleshooting skills. Ability to influence others to achieve results. Strong technical aptitude. Notice Period: Looking for Immediate Joinees. What You Need : # At least 3+ Years of experience in application/product development with Informatica and Teradata experience. # The required technologies are: - AIX 6.1 Technology or Platform - Experience in Powercenter INFORMATICA V9.6, TERADATA V14, XML and Control-M. - Scrum in agile-scrum framework Methodology. - Should be a self-starter and independent. - Good communication skills including verbal and written skills (specifications, design, etc.). - Must be able to work independently and in a team setting. - Must be able to evaluate alternative solutions. Start Date: Immediate Mandatory Skills: Informatica+Teradata Developer with Risk Domain Experience along with XML and Control-M. Optional Skills: Investment Banking Knowledge or Investment Banking Projects. Experience: 3+ years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. * A US based $4.5 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000+ customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * Part of Allegis Group which is a $11 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 4th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 82% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices and now in India. * In India, we have more than 1500+ consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune & Chennai.* TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For list for 2014, 2013.* Please visit - www.teksystems.com; www.allegisgroup.com for more information on us. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details