TITLE: Database Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The Database Administrator is responsible for effective installation, upgrade,patching, database infrastructure. The database Administrator tasks will be focused on improving performance, scalability and reliability of the system by continuous monitoring of system health, and troubleshooting issues that arise. This individual is accountable for regular backups of the database infrastructure, automating the same, conduct regular audits on the system to ensure the recovery point objective of systems are in place. This individual is responsible for notifying the bottlenecks with the query executions and coordinate with R&D teams to eliminate the same. This individual is responsible for managing production, development and QA infrastructure. Job responsibilities also include supporting production system on rotation basis. Skills Strong knowledge in PostgreSQL and Mongo DB administration Strong knowledge in monitoring and resolving issues with configuration Strong knowledge in physical database design concepts Strong knowledge in High Availability configuration on databases Good understanding of data segmentation and data retention rules Hands up experience in database upgrade and patch process Hands on experience in application query tuning Good knowledge in Linux administration is desirable Experience in scripting like Shell, Python, Perl is desirable Working experience in configuration of database alerts with open source alerting tools Good knowledge in SDLC process followed for configuration change management Good understanding of eCommerce domain is desirable Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills Linux Administration Perl Python Production Management High Availability Database Design Open Source Change Management Database Administrator Desired Candidate Profile QUALIFICATION A Bachelor;s degree in Computer Science (or equivalentnexperience) Database Administration certification in PostgreSQL / Mongo DB Four or more years of work experience in managingnrelations and non-relational database Proven ability to multi-task. Independent, self-starter. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Coviam Technologies - Startup Global customers - End to end eCommerce product driven platform development, Payment technologies, Warehousing, supply chain and fulfilment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details