TITLE: Openings for Oracle Finance Techno-functional_bangalorehyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required SkillsEBIZ R12 EBS Techno-functional - Financial modules. Strong techie with good communication Skills and good work attitude needed. Experience4 to 8 years exp Detailed Job Description*Ebiz R12 Production Support analyst - Strong EBS Apps tech sql/pl sql, reports, forms. SOA/BPEL exposure is a plus. Ebiz R12 Production Support analyst - understanding complex EBS custom extensions @ cust and working independently in resolving production issues by following Incident Mgmt, Change Mgmt & Problem Mgmt processes. Strong EBS Apps tech pl sql, reports, forms. SOA/BPEL exposure is a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. About TEKsystems: * A US based $4.0 billion world leader in staffing services to over 6000 customers globally. * World's largest Technology staffing company in the world today - IT, Telecom, Infrastructure and Engineering. * TEKsystems is a part of Allegis Group which is a $10.5 Billion US based privately held firm. One of the world's largest privately held companies (source: Forbes) * The 6th Largest staffing company in the world and the 2nd Largest in the US. * One of the top vendors to 90% of Fortune 500 companies. * Every year we deploy over 80,000 employees across different parts of the world.* Operations in North America, Europe and Asia with over 300 offices across locations.* In India, TEKsystems currently has 1000+ technical consultants employed at various Fortune 500 companies across the country. * For the second consecutive year, TEKsystems was named to Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014.* Please visit - www.teksystems.com ; www.allegisgroup.com, for more information. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details