TITLE: Sr. Ui/front-end Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Sr. UI/Front-End Developer will be responsible for developing and delivering a rich highly interactive interface for our flagship products. This role will be part of the Product Development team and will work closely with product subject matter experts (SMEs), back-end developers and product architects. Deliverables are designed and delivered via our product lifecycle roadmap. This role will be instrumental in designing, developing, and evolving reusable UI patterns and rich web user interfaces. This role requires ability to evolve standards and best practices as it relates to UI design and front-end coding practices. The Sr. UI/Front-End Developer should be well-versed with front-end JavaScript frameworks (i.e. AngularJS, Knockout, Backbone, Ember, etc.), HTML5, CSS, and related technologies such as JQuery, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, Dojo, LESS. The back-end web technology is enabled by .NET and uses the MVC framework while the front-end MVC framework relies upon AngularJS. Applicants must have solid understanding of SPA reliant upon AngularJS (or similar framework like Ember). Application programming experience (especially using MVC pattern) is a big plus. Requirements: o5+ years of relevant work experience with a concentration in front end development and demonstrated history of UI/UX sensibilities o2+ years AngularJS (or Knockout, Backbone, Ember) experience o4+ years of client side JavaScript experience o2+ years of CSS experience o1+ years of HTML5 experience (a big plus, but not required) oStrong understanding of web design best practices, usability patterns, and latest UI/UX trends. oExperience with the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and principles of product development such as installation, upgrade and namespace management oWillingness to mentor team members oSolid analytical, technical and problem solving skills. oAbility to communicate efficiently and effectively with internal product development team oDemonstrates an aggressive curiosity oUnderstanding of relational database concepts and SQL Educational Requirements: Bachelors degree in a relevant field (Computer Science) required, advanced degree or equivalent business experience preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Elite Professional Consulting Elite Office Staff is a full-service staffing and recruiting firm offering comprehensive workforce management programs including contract, contract-to-hire (temp to perm), direct placement and managed services.EOS is currently engaged in providing IT Staffing Services, Technical Support, Managed Services and Business Process Outsourcing Services in the US , Canada, Inda and Pakistan.. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details