TITLE: Software Verification Lead - Cloud Platform

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Beckman Coulter Diagnostics is a $3.2 Billion in vitro diagnostics operating company that is wholly owned by Danaher Corporation. The position of Software Verification Lead Cloud Platform, reports to the Director for Cloud Infrastructure Platform R&D based in the India Development Center, Bangalore. T he primary responsibility is ownership of the end- to- end test strategy, planning, design, development and execution of test procedures for the Cloud Infrastructure Platform that will enable development of the next generation Dx Application Suite used internally by cross functional teams as well as external customers. The incumbent will be responsible for all aspects of the verification activities during the software life cycle including building the automation framework and owning the integration and QA environments. The incumbent will lead the investigation of systems & software issues to successfully determine root cause. Key Accountabilities Responsible for Verification Strategy, Infrastructure, Planning and Execution (manual and automation) Prepare appropriate documentation as required by internal product development processes and regulatory agencies such as FDA and ISO. Participates in discussions and reviews of architecture and design to see how this needs to be handled in the test architecture and procedures. Guide the verification team members in creating test procedures, test scripts and execution. Responsible for tool evaluation as well as architecting and building the automation test framework. Perform code inspections for automated tests. Investigates software, hardware, and system problems using a variety of testing techniques. Signs off on verification results and report which is essential for promotion of release from QA to Production. Will also play the role of an individual contributor in writing test procedures and executing the same. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Masters degree in Software Engineering or Information Science/ Technology or a related field with 7- 10 years experience. 2 years of experience with testing enterprise and web applications deployed from the Cloud Experience with object oriented programming languages like Java. Experience with Red Hat Linux OS and exposure to Windows 7 OS. Experience with writing and executing SQL on clustered databases. Exposure to Amazon Web Services would be a plus. Familiarity with SCRUM/ AGILE software development lifecycle (requirements, design, code, test) Familiarity with tools for requirements management, test procedure management and associated traceability. Familiarity with automated test tools and methods to test N tier / Cloud applications. Proven ability of leading a small team (3- 5 people) technically to ensure high quality of releases. Ability to maintain a regulated test environment. Ability to work with cross- functional and remote teams. Must be able to communicate in English, both written and verbal. Ability to travel as needed by the business (minimal) . Company Profile: Portescap (Danaher) Portescap (Danaher) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details