TITLE: Front End Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Develop functional and appealing web- and mobile-based Hybrid Apps based on usability Provide website maintenance and enhancements Use a combination of markup languages to write web pages Write functional requirement documents and specifications Create quality mockups and prototypes on tight timelines Assist back-end developers with coding and troubleshooting Create cascading style sheets (CSS) that are consistent across all browsers and platforms Maintain graphic standards and branding throughout the products interface Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies Promote usability best practices. Required SkillSet :- Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery.Â Good understanding of {{Depending on the specific case, a developer should have the knowledge of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS , AJAX . Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as Photoshop is a plus. Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Proficient understanding of code Design tools, such as Photoshop, Illustrator [SVG],Â Basic PHP Knowledge. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills JQuery Photoshop Illustrator Javascript Ajax SVG PHP Web Technologies Tool Design Front End HTML5 CSS3 Front End Developer HTML Angular J S UI Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, BCA - Computers, B.Sc - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Company Profile: honeycomb creative support (P) ltd Honeycomb Creative Support (P) Ltd., is a leading communication design agency in Bangalore. It was established in 2008 as a pre-media studio with just image cutout and retouching and has now grown to a complete solution provider in communication design for varied corporate clients. Honeycomb is spread across a 4000 sft studio, equipped with state of the art infrastructure and has grown into an expert team of 50+ professionals. The clientele includes advertising agencies, IT and Retail Corporates, Fashion and lifestyle photographers, art galleries, SME's etc. We are winners of the PrintWeek "Creative Repro company of the year" for consecutive years. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details