TITLE: TECHNICAL SUPPORT MANAGER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Install, Maintain, Calibrate, Inspect and Repa ir Medical Equipments and Instruments. Provide Pre-Installation support and Coordination to end users. Desired Candidate Profile: Should have experience in handling Diagnostic / Blood Bank automated instruments and servicing medical equipments. Should be willing to travel. Should have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Perform preventive maintenance and electrical safety testing of clinical equipment, devices and systems. Maintain documentation on equipment, inspections and equipment repairs and failures. Provide technical assistance and instruction to personnel regarding equipment operation and maintenance. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills documentation blood bank ir coordination technical support instruments travel preventive maintenance handling operation and maintenance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hemogenomics Pvt Ltd Hemogenomics was formed to help diagnose and prevent diseases by bringing appropriate technologies into India. Our primary focus is on safety in blood transfusions primarily to prevent spread of HIV and Hepatitis through infected blood. In association with Grifols (formerly Novartis Diagnostics), we currently market Individual Donor Nucleic Acid Testing (ID-NAT) for screening donated blood. Our primary focus is on safety in blood transfusions mainly to prevent spread of HIV and Hepatitis through infected blood. We believe we are the pioneers in leading the blood safety crusade in India by introducing Individual Donor Nucleic Acid Testing (ID-NAT) for screening donated blood. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details