TITLE: Senior Engineer - Production

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Exposure: 1)Hands on experience in Assembly line 2)Daily production planning and execution 3)Preparation of daily MIS 4)Achieving daily production target 5)Good exposure to Production systems like Toyota Production System / Six sigma / Lean Manufacturing / Poka - Yoke 6)Excellent Man Management skill (Who has handled unionised employees) Salary:INR Best in industry Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required First preference Candidate from Tractor, Construction equipment manufacturingSecond preference for candidates from Automobile industryQualification : BE MechanicalExperience : 5- 6 years Company Profile: Ajax Fiori Engineering pvt ltd AJAX-FIORI is the personification of concreting equipment and solutions that Makes Concrete Sense. Ajax-Fiori was established in 1992 as a joint venture company with Fiori S.p.A Italy, for manufacturing Self-Loading Mobile Concrete Mixer. It promises to deliver concreting solutions through its equipment those batches, mixes, transports and places concrete Wherever the need is, Whenever the need arises for Whatever the nature of need is. In 1998, Ajax-Fiori started manufacturing Concrete Batching Plants - Radius Lift Arm type and Bin type. In 2004, it entered into technology tie-up with Eurostar Concrete Technology S.p.A Italy for manufacture of Planetary Mixers. In 2010, it started manufacturing the Drag line type Batching Plant with Planetary Mixers. In 2013, it entered into a technology tie-up with Junjin Heavy Industries, South Korea for manufacture of Concrete Pumps & Placer Booms. The ranges of products offered by Ajax-Fiori are Self -Loading Concrete Mixers, Concrete Batching Plants, Site Dumpers, Tunnel Dumpers and Concrete Pumps, being used across varied application sectors, viz., Irrigation, Infrastructure, Urban Development, Power Housing, Industrial Projects, to name a few. Ajax-Fiori is head quartered at Bangalore, having offices at Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkatta, Hyderabad, Indore, Trichy and a network of resident sales and service engineers at major locations all over India. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at Doddaballapur, Karnataka spread across two units. The new Parts Logistics Centre is operated from Peenya, Bangalore and spares outlet are located in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Trichy, Indore & Raipur Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details