TITLE: Software Engineer - Testing (Automation)

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities - Lead testing tools activities with minimal supervision on one large project , or multiple smaller projects concurrently. - Completes set up and maintenance of testing tools as required for various projects. - Assists with implementing complex technical / organizational processes. - Owns leadership of testing workstream when assigned to a project in a lead role. - Develops and delivers test strategies and plans , with minimal review and supervision. - Independently drives issues to closure , escalating to leadership as needed. - Will be required to work multiple assignments - project and steady state - simultaneously , delivering on time in accordance with the priorities identified by supervisor. - Consistently delivers day-to-day assignments with a high level of quality and attention to detail. Qualifications - Delivery experience on projects using a defined Software Development Lifecycle and Project Management methodologies. - Has experience applying multiple core software technology concepts (programming / scripting languages , DBMS , system architectures , etc.). - Effective oral and written communication skills with IT audiences. Will need to be confident , tactful , and concise in communications. - Demonstrates analytical skills to assist in solving problems and making decisions. Applies a systematic approach to data gathering and analysis to assist in making key decisions support by facts. - Strong experience in one or more with limited experiences in remaining core testing tools - HP Quality Center , HP Performance Center / LoadRunner , HP QuickTest Pro. - Takes pride in delivering quality work to meet the needs of clients and customers. - Experience in any one of the following programming or scripting languages; Java , C , C , Ruby , VB Script , Perl , Python - Experience in any one of the following automation tools; QTP , Selenium , Webdriver , Watir - Experience with writing SQL statements /scripts on any database. - Basic knowledge of any relational database such as MS-Access , SQL Server , Oracle , Postgres etc. Level - Mid with 4 - 6 years development or testing technology experience , with at least 2 years of test leadership experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills java oracle sql server perl project management software development qtp python testing tools ruby Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: L Brands Les Wexner began his career as a shopkeeper and merchant in 1963 with one small specialty womens clothing store in Columbus, Ohio. Over time, his entrepreneurial spirit, natural curiosity and passion for the customer grew that single store into L Brands: a specialty retailing enterprise that defined an industry and continues to redefine itself to this day, as it imagines and delivers the worlds most powerful brands. Working at L Brands means sharing a vision of being the best in the world and living our values the same beliefs that have guided - See more at: http: / /careers.lb.com /en /about-us /who-we-are Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details