TITLE: Senior Manager / Manager Operations

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Responsibility: Handle projects end to end. Understand Client requirements, modification instructions, project brief & event objectives. Ensure the prompt and systematic response to all servicing enquiries. Oversee end to end activities from the brief stage to post event summary as needed to deliver flawless and memorable events Work in collaboration with Client Servicing & Creative teams to grow the events business. Centralization of briefs and delegation of jobs and responsibilities Final sign off on all the estimate, payables and invoice (Profit and Loss) after the approval from HOD. Periodic training- Estimate/ Vendor Management/ Negotiation skills/ Sounds/Light/AV/Console Management/Communications skills & Discipline Management for the team under the supervision of HOD . Sourcing of New Technologies, artist, venue and vendors to improvise the event quality under the supervision of HOD. Take empowered decisions regarding your team as well as business negotiations. Market Intelligence: Identify and analyse competition and stay abreast with the latest event trends. Vendor Management: Create an effective and viable preferred vendor list with the supervision of the HOD. Vendor Finalization for each event( based on the size of the event) with consultation of HOD. Download of event brief to vendors along with the team & HOD. Final Negotiation(PO) with consultation of HOD. Payments as per the credit period. Client Management: Understands customer requirements and provides timely solutions accordingly . Handle escalations and delivery turnaround time appropriately. Ensuring 100% Client satisfaction in every project execution. Emplo yee Performance & Management: Work in collaboration with Talent Management in retaining high performers and fostering an open and transparent work environmen. Provide support and guidance to team members. Key Attributes: Strategic and commercial attitude towards production and operations. A professional appearance and the social skills necessary to deal with a range of clients. Self confidence and stature to represent Phase 1 on a senior level. Honesty and Intergrity. Ability to prioritize work under pressure with good time management. Staff management skills and the ability to motivate and develop individuals and team. Willingness to work flexibly. Good judgment and decision making capabilities. Passionate about Events and entertainment in general. Excellent written and verbal communication Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Senior Manager Manager Operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Phase 1 Events and Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. we have been customizing experiences on ground for companies, not-for-profit institutions, government bodies and individuals across India and around the world. Along the way weve broken a few records, won prestigious awards, managed large-scale events, set benchmarks, and most importantly, made our clients smile. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details