TITLE: Front End Software Engineer / Sr. Front End Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required 3-5 years developing Rich UI based web application using HTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX. Expertise in AJAX, jQuery, and jQuery UI is a must, including: DOM selections / traversals / manipulation, document fragments, event handling/custom events, performance improvement, data storage, and templating. Ability to convert wireframes/mockup from designers to a html page. Strong working knowledge of Photoshop. Proficiency in Photoshop CS4/5 and capability with crafting and exporting optimized UI images, sprites, and design mock-ups a plus. Extensive experience with performance and unit testing of javascript and ajax UI code. Experience building and consuming XML and JSON web services. Good understanding of responsive design. Basic knowledge on Information Architectural guidelines and User centered design. Would be great if has basic knowledge of php on any MVC based framework. Good analytical and problem solving approach. Requirements 3 years of experience Education - BE/ B Tech/ MCA (Regular) Mandatory Skill/s: HTML, CSS3, Javascript/JSON/JQuery, DOM, Social Media API's(FB, Google etc), AJAX/JS Frameworks, Web & Mobile development standards, Responsive design Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php javascript xml html ajax jquery mca mvc json api Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Savaari Car Rentals Pvt. Ltd. Our mission is to provide world class car rental services in India with prices that compete with the ones offered by \'around the corner\' local rental car providers. Through extensive use of technology, we keep our operating costs low to provide excellent services, and pass on the savings to our customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details