TITLE: Accountant

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary responsibilities Day to day accounting for the Company income and Expenses VAT , CST , PT , e-TDS, Service Tax Returns to be filed with necassary authories Grouping accounts under various projects/ profit centres Reporting weekly accounts in necassary format to top management Prepare account statements for Quarterly / Halfyearly and Yearly Audits. Manage Front Office , Travel bookings. Manage Logistics -Inward and outward Payments followups Must be result oriented , must be very disicipilned , sound accounting knowledge Strong written and verbal communication skills High energy, self-motivated, quick study with positive attitude, flexible nature and goal-oriented work habits Must be aware of latest accounting paractices , VAT, GST, service tax details. Ordering Filing , Regular follows up with necassary departments. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills accounts logistics front office payments vat filing cst service tax e tds service tax returns Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Innovate Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Innovate Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. was established in 2001 with a vision to provide high-quality engineering solutions across the globe. We are a 12 year old company with expertise from design to manufacturing of Embedded Systems,Headquartered in Bangalore, India. Our corporate culture, like our name, is innovative, vibrant, and cutting edge. We are committed to encouraging creativity through an exciting, challenging environment in which individuals can excel and grow. Talented employees and an active learning environment are the keys to our success. As an enterprise with first generation entrepreneurs in IT Sales & Consulting, the management is a fusion of highly skilled Professionals, with exposure to international Business Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details