TITLE: Database Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Database administration services in the following environments - MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2008-R2/ 2012 require comprehensive knowledge, along with extensive and varied experience in these Log shipping, Replication, DB Mirroring, DB backup and Recovery, Cluster environment experience and Always on 2. SQL Server 2005 /2008/2008 R2 /2012 Database Administration (MCDBA/MCTS/MCITP Certification Preferred). 3. Very strong technical skills with the experience of handling support for multiple deliveries. 4. Prior experience in handling deliveries using ITIL framework. 5. Ability to deal with conflicting deadlines on a regular basis when managing work packages associated with projects. Good troubleshooting skill is a must. 6. Proven experience in Database Technologies and able to Architect/Design/implement a DB solution which meet client requirement of High Availability, Performance and Reliability 7. Ability to utilize various tools to provide system management functions such as: system backup/recovery, code promotion, system monitoring. 8. Ability to perform installations, software upgrades, and apply patches. Key Skills Database Engineer DBA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Database Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dexterity Technologies Dex Tek is a customer focused and technology-driven company, providing product engineering and enterprise software/application development services that help clients in crafting holistic value for their software development efforts.We are passionate about technology and applying it to make the products better and deliver overall value. Our passion for what we do flows through each member of our organization and it plays an important role in the way we perform business.Our 20 years of proven track record of honesty, smart and consistent work practices, comprehensive service offerings and total commitment to client needs has enabled us to successfully exceed our clients expectations and execute more than 3,500 projects till date. We offer customer-friendly and flexible project approaches, ensuring long-term partnerships with all our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details