TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Satmetrix is a leader in the revolutionary field of Customer Experience Management (CEM) . Our cloud- based software is used throughout organizations to measure and manage customer experience data that helps improve products, reduce churn, and grow sales. Satmetrix NPX, our industry- defining CEM solution launched in February 2015, has fundamentally altered the competitive landscape, delivering unmatched customer- journey- centric insights, data, analytics, mapping, and reporting functionality, with flexibility at scale. Headquartered in Redwood City, CA, Satmetrix also has offices in the United Kingdom and India. Job Description We are seeking highly- motivated, experienced professionals to join our growing developer team. Specifically, we are looking for talented principal engineers with a passion for being on the cutting edge of web development with the skills to support legacy products/code when required. Our ideal candidate is highly motivated, always learning and willing to expand his/her horizons. The ideal candidate is a creative thinker with the ability to troubleshoot issues quickly and effectively. The successful candidate must have excellent interpersonal skills, possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. S/He will institute and adhere to best practices, be a strong team player as well as a proactive individual contributor. Requirements: Design, architect and develop various server components for state of the art enterprise service API platform using Java, J2EE, APIs and Web services. Able to work across a wide range of platforms including system software, databases, web applications using Agile methodologies. Perform code review and design review to ensure compliance with development standards. Actively contribute to all phases of a solution engineering project - understanding business requirements, leading solution architecture/design discussions, developing the data model, devising data management schemes, authoring the specifications and working with internal product development teams - in testing and delivering a high quality solution. Analyze requirements and work with the product group and stake holders. Define, advocate, document, and institutionalize best design and development practices. Understand the current system and come up with innovative and creative ideas for refactoring or evolving the architecture. Perform security, scalability and sustainability reviews. Providing guidance and mentorship to other members of the engineering organization. Maintains a strong professional services orientation and finds challenges in solving business problems which ensure customer success and promote reference ability for Satmetrix. Demonstrates strong task orientation and assumes complete ownership for assigned projects in ensuring successful adoption of the solution by customers. Qualifications Qualifications: B Tech / MCA with 5 - 7 years relevant experience in design and implementation of enterprise solutions Experience in Java, J2EE, Web Services, Servlets and design patterns Experience in building platform server components which are high volume, high scalability, high performance and high quality Experience in noSQL database and analytics Experience in Hibernate, JDBC, database schema design, strong fundamentals of relational database and SQL Has a good understanding and appreciation of the challenges faced by business organizations in driving and retaining customer loyalty in todays highly competitive business environment Self- motivated and excellent written and verbal communication Knowledge of the CRM domain, hands- on exposure to CRM applications in general and CRM Analytics in particular and familiarity with the SaaS model in solution delivery will be a distinct advantage SaaS/Cloud Application Experience (design and operational) Ability to work in a fast- paced, entrepreneurial, results- oriented culture Understanding of Customer Experience and NPS is a plus BS degree in computer science or similar Demonstrated ability to deliver working solutions on a tight schedule Strong analytical thinking and problem solving skills Strong verbal and written communication skills. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql hibernate servlets crm mca jdbc design patterns product development server web development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Satmetrix Systems, Inc. Satmetrix Systems, Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details