TITLE: Unnati platinum program

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Unnati Platinum program is a unique Employment Opportunity to kickstart the career for talented freshers. The program is designed to enrich freshers in technical as well as non-technical aspects. Technical topics include Core Java, Servlets, JSP and HTML. Non-technical topics include Communication skills, Time management, Positive thinking. Training period is for a duration of 6 months from the date of joining. This includes 1 to 2 months of intensive classroom training plus 4 to 5 months of hands-on project work training. Candidate would not have received exposure and experience working on real-time projects under the guidance of competent developers. He would also not have had the opportunity to interact with clients and may not understand the expectations of full time employment in a software company. Hence, even if he has completed Java training, he will not be ready. The objective of this program is to transform him into software professional. After completion of training period, there would be an assessment process. Employment would be regularized depending on the performance. Since this is an Employment opportunity (and not a stand-alone training program), candidate will get an Experience letter and not just a course completion certificate. Benefits of Unnati Platinum Hands-on Technical knowledge Personality Development Rich Work Experience Employment Guaranteed Better Career Opportunities Experience Certificate Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Unnati platinum program Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:PG Diploma Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Itech Solutions Itech is one among the leading web designing companies in Bangalore that provides quality Web design, Web development, Mobile App development, SEO Services, Domain registration, Web Hosting Services to your website for getting great number of leads. Itech in a short span of time has established itself as a leading Web Design & Web Development service provider in Bangalore. We have the experience and our Web Design Experts design a website that fits your needs and your budget. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details