TITLE: Mobile Solution Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Bachel or's Degree in Computer Science, MIS or related field. 3+ years of experience with taking a software development project through the entire lifecycle 2+ years of experience in architecting mobile applications and solutions with hands on in development and solutioning. Proficien cy and demonstrable work on iOS and/or Android with at least 3 apps published in AppStore and/or Google Play store. Coordinates with development resources to ensure consistent code quality and development standards among developed solutions. Coordinates with development teams to ensure the creation of optimal data models / database design / coding standards to support business applications. Work with business owners, analysts, solution engineers, development teams and infrastructure services to communicate application and data architectures. Develop architectural approach to meet key business objectives. Develop architectural diagrams to illustrate architectural complexities and interactions Conduct vendor analysis and proof-of-concepts for new technologies/solutions. ul> Experience/Desi red/Additional Skill Sets Experi ence with Enterprise Architecture design principles. Experience in architecting mobile-enablement solutions for enterprise deployment Working experience with atleast one MEAP framework like Sybase Unwired, IBM Worklight, etc. Working experience with Mobile Device Management (MDM) and Mobile Apps Management (MAM) Demonstrated experience and understanding of business requirements and the process of translating them into well-engineered and integrated technical requirements. Demonstr ated ability to fully document technical specifications and related project or systems level documentation. Familia rity with business modeling and UML activity models or some other equivalent. Experience with Agile development methodology in real world projects. Good to have systems infrastructure and related service delivery processes (e.g. ITIL). Experience with other web content management systems. Exposure to Java 2 Platform (JSP, J2EE, writing and consuming B2B Web Services) Exposure to Oracle database platform Six Sigma Green Belt or DFSS certification. Personal commitment to quality and on-schedule delivery. Ability to handle diverse situations and rapidly changing priorities with deadlines. Versatile, flexible, and proactive when resolving technical issues. Demonstrated critical thinking skills, ability to accurately analyze information and make sound decisions. Excellent communication skills with an ability to represent IT solutions in a business setting. Ability to interface effectively and collaborate with Clients, Peers, and Management to develop solutions and ensure stakeholder buy-in Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Mobile Solution Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ALTEN Calsoft Labs. ALTEN Calsoft Labs provides transformational enterprise IT and product engineering services, helping customers to become smarter, more productive, nimble and better at predicting the future. Leveraging our extensive, deep industry and business process expertise, passion for customer excellence, and proven global IT services delivery model and network - we offer best of the breed Consulting, Enterprise IT and Product Engineering services for enterprises in Healthcare, Education,ISV, Networking & Telecom, High-Tech & Retail industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details