TITLE: Lead - Test / QA

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a MNC who is headquartered in London and has worldwide presence. They are the leader in financial print, data room and media services in UK. They are looking for talented and motivated individuals with previous experience of testing web based and .Net applications as part of their growing Chennai based software development house. In this role you will be responsible for: Leading the QA Team Automation and Manual testing experience. Requirements At least 7 years solid experience in a previous software testing position in addition to experience of testing web based and .Net applications. As a Software Tester you will show a strong understanding of all phases of the software development lifecycle, analyzing system requirements, developing test cases, and performing manual and automated application testing You should also enjoy working within a close knit team and have a proven ability to work on projects with tight deadlines. Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal, are also key. Thorough understanding of Agile/SCRUM software development methodology and process Excellent attention to detail; must be able to meticulously analyse documentation and applications to ensure quality Ability to be proactive, prioritize, and work under tight deadlines with flexibility and changing priorities Demonstrated ability to identify and investigate issues and proactively seek solutions, Exercise independent initiative, Maintain accuracy and quality while meeting goals and deadlines, Work in a highly interactive team environment, Can accept and act upon constructive criticism. Analyze and understand software requirements; ensure Business and Functional Requirements are thorough, accurate, and testable In addition to the current QA program analyse, design and modify comprehensive test plans and test cases to ensure that all business needs are met. Running manual tests during unit, system, integration, user acceptance and performance test phases, load testing and automation. Identifying new test cases and scenarios that will be used for testing Establishing improved test automation scripts, using most appropriate toolset in line with strategy. Prepare all documentation for test strategy, test plans, test estimates, test cases, test scripts. Manage the working relationship between the QA team, the development team, the QA environment team and the business partners. Raising and tracking detailed problem reports and provide repeatable step-by-step instructions to project team members describing issues found during testing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Lead - Test QA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directing IT Systems Pvt. Ltd. At Directing IT we offer affordable technology consulting services to small and medium enterprises. Our goal is to enable even the smallest of institution with the right technology thus making them more efficient. We focus on aligning the IT Strategy with the Business Strategy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details