TITLE: TECHNICAL RECRUITER

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description: * Awareness and knowledge in latest technologies is an added advantage. * Should have experience on accomplishing organizational goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests. * Exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. * Significant achievement in selection and recruitment of IT Technical resources. Job Profile: * Must be able to work on a given requirement individually. * Interface with candidates and help with their selection. * Complete recruitment process from understanding project requirements, advertisements/postings to interviewing. * All recruitment related activities including sourcing profiles, headhunting, interview co-ordination, database management and client interaction. * Must be able to have a fair knowledge on Technical Recruiting, Telephonic Interviews, Technical tests and coordinate with technical panel for final evaluation. * Consult & Interact with Project heads to understand Technical Resource requests and deliver within time and cost limitations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills selection good communication skills co ordination client interaction sourcing profiles knowledge interface technical recruiter database management recruitment process Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HITECH PLACEMENTS HITECH PLACEMENTS was founded in the year 1997 with the sole aim of matching top quality Job-seekers with leading Employers. Since then it has created a dominant brand within its target market place. HITECH has grown fastest as Reliable & Quality Service Provider having its main focus to offer high quality expertise to both Clients & Candidates. Our Recruitment Team understands the competitive needs of MNCs & dynamic Organizations and provides Candidates with high quality resources. Our candidates are thoroughly interviewed before they are sent to the respective organizations for recruitment purposes, hence we fulfill a dynamic medium\'s role at minimal costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details