TITLE: Opportunity for Workday @ Bangalore/hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Trust things are fine at your end. This mail is regarding an opportunity with TechMahindra , for Workday Experience-5-8 Job Location: Bangalore/ Hyderabad/ Chennai Job Description: Workday integration developer to develop interfaces between the Workday and other applications with Studio experience Ability to work independently and work in a team Ability to work remotely and complete the committed tasks on time Strong communication skills (Ask questions upfront if any) Strong analytical skills to troubleshoot issues Strong understanding of HCM processes Ability to document the functional/technical specifications Ability to do thorough unit and functional testing of any changes to the system Three years Development experience with emphasis on web services and/or HR Development experience in APIs, custom EIB, Reports, calculated fields, condition rules, transformations Experience in developing and supporting workday studio integrations, Oxygen XML Experience with web services, file transfers, encryption protocolsÂ Certified to work as a Workday developer Strong preference Request you to share your updated profile with below information facilitating us to evaluate your candidature / fitment better. Total Experience Current CTC Expected CTC Notice Period Recruitment team Look forward to hearing from you. Regards, TechMahindra Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills workday Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Tech Mahindra Ltd. Tech Mahindra is part of the US $15.4 billion Mahindra Group and is a leading global systems integrator and business transformation consulting organization, focused primarily on the telecommunications industry. Tech Mahindra helps companies innovate and transform by leveraging its unique insights, differentiated services and flexible partnering models. This has helped customers reduce operating costs, generate new revenue streams and gain competitive advantage. Tech Mahindra expanded its IT portfolio in 2009 by acquiring the leading global business and information technology services company, Mahindra Satyam (earlier known as Satyam Computer Services). Tech Mahindra's capabilities spread across a broad spectrum, including Business Support Systems (BSS), Operations Support Systems (OSS), Network Design & Engineering, Next Generation Networks, Mobility Solutions, Security consulting and Testing. Tech Mahindra's solutions portfolio includes Consulting, Application Development & Management, Network Services, Solution Integration, Product Engineering, Infrastructure Managed Services, Remote Infrastructure Management and BSG (comprises BPO, Services and Consulting). With an array of service offerings for TSPs, TEMs and ISVs, Tech Mahindra is a chosen transformation partner for several leading wireline, wireless and broadband operators in Europe, Asia-Pacific and North America. Tech Mahindra has successfully implemented more than 16 Greenfield Operations globally and has over 130 active customer engagements mostly in the Telecom sector. The company has been involved in about 8 transformation programs of incumbent telecom operators. Tech Mahindra has a global footprint through operations in more than 31 countries with 17 sales offices and 15 delivery centers. Assessed at SEI CMMi Level 5, Tech Mahindra's track record for value delivery is supported by over 40,500 professionals who provide a unique blend of culture, domain expertise and in depth technology skill sets. Its development centers are ISO 9001:2008 & BS7799 certified. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details