TITLE: Oracle HRMS Techno Functional Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Experience in Oracle Applications ERP HRMS. Strong conceptualization skills - with base appreciation of functional processes. Deep product knowledge accumulated with involvement in on-site implementation of Oracle Applications ERP. Diverse domain knowledge at an appropriate level and strong ability to gauge the dynamics within a short time to relate the solution offerings in a proper perspective and communicate the requirements effectively to functional team for effective solution configuration. Ability to assimilate new functional processes and product features and translate them into concrete solutions and cascade to the delivery team through training, etc. Should have Worked on Core HR, Oracle Talent Management, Compensation Work Bench, Self Service Human Resources and iRecruitment modules. Ability to relate client requirements to Oracle Applications ERP solution in interaction with client business and functional team. Excellent presentation, documentation (deliverables), and communication skills. Sound functional and business process conceptual skills. Good verbal and written communication skills. Self-initiative and learning motive. Ability to absorb and assimilate diverse domain parameters and relate them to the solution on hand. Appreciation of IT knowledge and relate them to context in solution presentation instances. Perseverance and positive attitude to put in extended hours of work, when required. Ability to work to plan and meet timelines; should be responsive. Team worker. Should be able to travel any where. What Arowana offers Excellent Global Exposure Opportunity to work on cutting edge technologies Attractive compensation Excellent growth opportunities Excellent opportunity to work on Multiple Domains. Entrepreneur Experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Oracle HRMS Techno Functional Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arowana Consulting Bangalore, India- April 14th 2014- Arowana Consulting Ltd is proud to announce that it\'s Customized Software Application Development Projects has been appraised at Capability Maturity Model Integration for Development or CMMI-DEV(r) - Maturity Level 3. This accomplishment was announced by the SEI following a formal "Class A" Standard CMMI(r) Appraisal Method for Process Improvement by certified SEI Lead Appraiser Teenu Puri, KPMG. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details