TITLE: Technical Consultant

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities The Technical Consultant will be responsible to handle large complex DR environments. He will have the following Understand customer deployments and map them to a Sanovi DR solution, provide product implementation and support, and support onsite DR drills as needed. Conduct field customizations of Sanovi DRM products to meet customer requirements. Responsi ble for interfacing with the customer and partners on implementation projects to ensure site readiness before implementation. Interf ace with customers as well as our partners on implementation projects to ensure site readiness before implementation. Ensure SLAs are met and guarantee process compliance. Work closely with Level 1 or Level 2 support teams and customers to understand issues, perform detailed debugging, and suggest workarounds to get the customer up and running. Work with internal or external teams on a need basis to schedule meetings and activities and to resolve issues faced. Investigate failures, work with the engineering team to come up with bug fixes, and test and release the fixes or patches to customers. Travel for implementations or consulting requirements. Skills Hands on expertise in Solaris/Aix/HPUX/Linux and Windows Hands on experience with databases like Oracle, Sybase, DB2, MS-SQL, or MYSQL Desirable - Hands on exposure to SAN-based storage/backup products Strong understanding of BCP/DR (IT) Consulting capabilities in the above-mentioned areas Ability to stand up to the senior management/CIO/CTO and talk confidently Excellent Communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Technical Consultant Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sanovi Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Sanovi is a niche Business Continuity and IT Recovery software company enabling Application Defined Continuity for enterprise datacenters and cloud infrastructure. It provides application aware deployment, visibility and automation of IT DR for tier-1 and tier-2 workloads across physical, virtual and cloud infrastructure. Sanovi software provides an out-of-box holistic recovery management across a wide range of physical/virtual OS/platforms, data replication technologies, applications, converged infrastructure and public clouds. Gartners 2014 Hype Cycle report on BCP/DR calls out Sanovis product as the Recovery Management solution for heterogeneous platforms. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details