TITLE: Educational Specialist

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developing high quality questions and tests that help students to learn, or assess student learning levels. Researching and understanding the Science of Learning, participate in subject based research projects, by reading pedagogy related research work, analysing EIrsquos rich student response data, conducting think and learn. Using this research to build discerning questions and create interactive content like educational games, enrichment modules, etc to help children learn with understanding online. Developing customized assessments for schools/different projects. Commenting and finalizing questions made by peers, validating translated questions and content, to enhance the quality of questions. Analyzing large scale student response data to figure out how children think and learn. Conducting workshops (assessment/post ASSET analysis) for schools throughout the country. Building notes that highlight misconceptions based on the data and insights, and providing tips to address the same. Thinking of creative ways to reduce and remove these misconceptions. Publis hing papers in international education journals and presentations at TEDx type events. Optional: Taking up special assignments - such as coding for partial solving, migrating existing Flash content to HTML5 to make it iPad compatible, thinking of system architecture and improving the speed of the software by increasing efficiency through sophisticated algorithms. Desired Profile/Skills: Sound knowledge of the subject - English/ Maths/ Science/ Social Studies. Having some teaching background in the subject matter is preferred - English/ Maths/ Science/Social Studies. Freshers with no teaching background but who have a passion for working in the education sector and sound knowledge of any of the subject may also apply. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills Educational Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: educational initiatives The company is headed by IIM Graduates Sudhir Ghodke and Sridhar Rajagopalan and its aim is to promote an atmosphere of quality within India\'s primary school system. It pursues this by raising concerns related to the quality of learning, providing services related to assessment, professional development of teachers, curriculum and pedagogy, and influencing educational policy, especially in the realm of assessment.It takes a systems approach in order to improve the quality of learning. It uses a cycle of problem discovery, cause identification, solution implementation and feedback (which may lead to a deeper level of problem identification), a positive spiral towards improvement. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details