TITLE: Need Technicians

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We do have urgent requirements for the below jobs:Â Multi Skill Technician, HVAC Technician, AV Technician, plumber carpenter, Salary Range : Upto 9,000/- to 12,000/- Take Home Thanks & Regards Prakash (HR) EFS Facilities Services (India) Pvt. Ltd Brigade Square, Municipal Corporation # 21, 4 th Floor, Cambridge Road, Ulsoor, Bangalore - 560008. http://www.efsme.com/ Tel: +91 80 88814307 Salary:INR 50,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: Facility Management Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Maintenance Engineer Keyskills hvac technician AC Technician Air Conditioning av technicians carpenter multi skill technician HVAC Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EFS Facilities Services (india) Pvt. Ltd. EFS India employs more than 3200 people, with Pan India operations spanning across major cities . The Company's corporate office is at Delhi with other major offices located in Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai and Kolkata besides other local operating offices. EFS is serving clients in areas of Integrated Facility Management and Energy Services for Industry and Power. The Facility Management vertical has a strong team of technical resources across India which is committed to strong service delivery. The Company manages about 25m sq. ft. of facilities management portfolio spread over 18 cities and 50 clients. Company's approach to Facility Management extends beyond day to day operations to overall equipment maintenance, life cycle enhancement and capital value protection for our clients. The Energy Business vertical provides the expertise and services for comprehensive O&M services for Power Plants and Industrial Facilities covering Steam Systems, Water Treatment Plants and Electrical & Mechanical Utility Systems. The Energy Business also provides Technical Services such as Supervisory Services for Construction & Commissioning, Due Diligence, Project Management Services and Technical & Performance Audits. Our present client base in India comprises a premium client base Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details