TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Role: SharePoint Architect Experience: 8+ Solid SharePoint 2010/2013 development experience and understanding of the platform and architecture. 8-12 years of experience as a web application developer with C#, ASP.NET background. Expert in the use of Share Point Designer, InfoPath Form Services, JQuery, XSLT, CAML, LINQ, CSS, JavaScript, dynamic HTML, SP designer workflow , and Visual Studio. Proven experience in creating master pages and page layouts, custom web parts, custom lists, custom content types. Hands-on experience on configuring and customizing Share Point workflows Experience integrating with other business applications. Skills to develop, code, install, test, debug, and document web applications using current .NET and SharePoint development strategies. Connectivity Services, Forms Services, Excel Services, Report Center. Previous experience with Internet Information Server configurations, Domain Controller and Active Directory setup. Experience using secure coding practices. Key Skills .net Sharepoint Architect Job Function IT / Telecom - Software Industry IT-Software Specialization Technical Architect Qualification: Any Graduate Salary : Best in Industry 28) Software Engineer (8 to 13 yrs) Job Description Candidate will work as a Software Engineer on Storage device drivers and Storage SW stack to ARM/IA SoCs for Intel's mobile handset platforms. Candidate will also work on maintenance/Support of existing/ongoing projects.This position requires a quick learner, with strong focus on software development. Should have good hands-on experience in device driver development. Preferably in Storage area - NAND, eMMC, SD card, UFS. Should have good working knowledge in Linux device driver development. Should have strong knowledge of CPU Architecture (ARM/IA) and Operating System concepts Should be well versed with Android Architecture, framework and Android HAL Should be well versed with JTAG based debug tools such as Lauterbach Should be well versed in debugging complex issues Excellent C programming and analysis skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dexterity Technologies Dex Tek is a customer focused and technology-driven company, providing product engineering and enterprise software/application development services that help clients in crafting holistic value for their software development efforts.We are passionate about technology and applying it to make the products better and deliver overall value. Our passion for what we do flows through each member of our organization and it plays an important role in the way we perform business.Our 20 years of proven track record of honesty, smart and consistent work practices, comprehensive service offerings and total commitment to client needs has enabled us to successfully exceed our clients expectations and execute more than 3,500 projects till date. We offer customer-friendly and flexible project approaches, ensuring long-term partnerships with all our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details