TITLE: User Experience Designer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this User experience designer 2 - 4 Years Box8 UX Designer | Applicant Tracking System | Recruitment Software Your form validation is successful! UX Designer User experience designer | 2 - 4 Years | Bangalore Urban | 1 Position About Box8 Were BOX8, Indias fastest growing on-demand food delivery company. Our 3 pillars of taste, tech and logistics define our goal to ensure a delightful end-to-end experience every single time. Founded by IIT graduates, we have revolutionized the way Indian food is consumed. We are now selling 1 Lakh products per month, and 30 more IIT junkies have joined the band. We keep one simple thing in mind when we make our food; we would only serve food, that we enjoy eating. Believing in product innovation, we have designed the All-in-One meal box, which is a fulfilling new-age Indian meal, convenient to eat anytime, anywhere. We have given an Indian twist to Wraps Sandwiches and, have retained the core Indian flavours in Curries. With an equal emphasis on technology and delivery along with food, we make ordering food a first-class experience. Anyone can order a meal in seconds on our mobile apps, and our integrated delivery management system will guarantee piping hot food time after time. SHARE THIS JOB WITH FRIENDS Summary This opportunity is a chance to re-define everyday experiences of people with food. It demands deep-rooted and thorough understanding of user behaviors that allows to intelligently design experiences which delight people everyday. Job Description The team that designs the user experience and user interface for Box8 mobile and website applications is looking for a User Experience Designers. As a user experience designer, youll be responsible for defining how people interact across various touchpoint of Box8-ing experience. This will require conducting research, identifying use cases, creating flow diagrams, wireframes and collaborating with other UX/UI team members to clearly define the Box8 experience. Additionally, you will work closely with members of Box8's product, marketing and engineering teams to define and document at a feature level within the apps accounting for interaction across the Box8 product ecosystem. The work: Design the systematic and functional foundation for the apps this isnt just a visual design job Drive interaction design efforts for various Box8 product features from concept to completion Realise consumer experience, synthesize, brainstorm and define key product experiences/features stretching across Box8 product platform Translate abstract ideas and requirements into tangible product features Author and maintain interaction documentation including flows, wireframes, and logic charts Consciously and exhaustively craft detailed use cases Collaborate with other UX/UI designers and Software Engineers to sculpt a cohesive, corroborative and consistent experience Iterate designs rapidly based on input from various sourcesWork with engineering teams to both understand and challenge technical constraints Minimum qualifications: Minimum bachelors degree in Design (e.g. interaction, product, industrial) , HCI, CS, or a related field OR more than 2+ years relevant work experience of product design which has been shipped Experience designing interactions for apps and software products, preferably with complex use cases and multiple configurations Preferred qualities: Ability to distill complex processes into simple, clear, user interactions Strong technical understanding Excellent written communication documentation skills Obsessive attention to detail Anticipates issues at a macro and micro level together The best candidate has great design sense, loves simplifying complex problems, and can clearly articulate how features should work at a fundamental level, regardless of final look and feel OTHER OPENINGS AT Box8 You have some form errors. Please check below. Select Profile APPLY NOW. ITS FREE. Your form validation is successful! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Regional Manager Keyskills selling logistics customer care piping product marketing documentation website ideas Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: BOX8 BOX8 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details