TITLE: Senior Test Engineer - 4216

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Senior Test Engineer - 4216 Description Company: Mentor Graphics Job Title: Senior Test Engineer - 4216 Job Location: India - Bangalore Job Category: R&D/Software Engineering Job Duties: Calibre division of Mentor Graphics Bangalore is looking for a senior test engineer who will be responsible for ensuring the quality and productivity of some EDA (Electronic Design Automation) tools/products of Calibre tool suite. The main responsibility of the test engineer would be to ensure that the products meet customer expectations and that the development, design and implementation requirements have been met. The test engineer would be responsible to create/augment test suite. These responsibilities would be carried out via creating test plans and performing unit, system, performance testing etc. The test engineer would also be responsible for automating the testing to monitor the quality and the performance of the tools regularly. In addition, the test engineer is expected to participate in analysis of problems reported by customer to further improve the test suite for the tools. Job Qualifications: BE/MTech in Computer Science or Electronics 4 to 8 years Technical Skills (Must have): - Experienced in testing complex software. o Unit testing. o System testing. o Performance testing. o Build testing. - Experience in automating testing (Primarily Command Line applications) - Good knowledge of Perl/Bash/Tcl or any other scripting language which could help in automating testing. - Experience with Windows and Linux operating systems. Technical Skills (Desired to have): - Prior experience using Calibre SVRF language. - Good understanding of configuration management tools such as CVS. - Familiar with defect tracking tools such as ClearQuest, JIRA. - Worked on testing one or more EDA applications. General Skills: Strong positive attitude, relationship building capabilities, self-driven and motivation, good presentation and communication skills, team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills perl development windows performance testing tcl cvs eda unit testing system testing jira Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mentor Graphics Mentor Graphics Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details