TITLE: CMO - Data Driven - Strategy & Operations

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Analytics: Utilize data-driven decision making to improve the performance of client marketing and business development efforts. Prioritize initiatives based on highest potential impact Brand and content , acquisitions. Consumer/B2C marketing : Develop fantastic and attractive B2C marketing initiatives including events, partnerships, promotions, campaigns and loyalty ,gamification,etc Impact on Revenue and market share growth: customer life cycle management, and building marketing capability & spend, Track-and-measure effectiveness Go-to-market strategy: positioning & branding Strategic planning : Develop marketing strategies based on strong analytics (including on costs, conversion, retention, LTV and ROI), set and meet deadlines in a fast paced environment Management and leadership: Lead a large and growing team of Marketing Managers and Senior Managers to execute on marketing and business development strategies DESIRED PROFILE: We are looking for highly motivated and passionate individuals who has built Comprehensive product marketing plan that centers on consumer requirements - from idea to production and distribution. Candidate should be a believer of the lean startup philosophy. Thorough knowledge of marketing principles, brand, product and service management Deep understanding of changing market dynamics A person in this role should be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, love solving problems, love developing teams and people talent, and be able to thrive in a startup culture. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW/HAVE: 10 - 12 years of marketing experience, preferably in a fast-paced startup environment or a larger company with a strong entrepreneurial culture, with a Masterrsquos degree from premier institute. Experience with product marketing including marketing strategy, product positioning, brand strategy and user research Demonstrated success in designing and delivering on marketing strategies and programmes, in both B2C and B2B environments and/or marketing/advertising agencies / Telcos / Retail / ecommerce / CPG if possible Experience making data-driven marketing and sales decisions using surveys, focus groups, A/B testing, and other analytical tools , and demonstrated business sense and intuition through successful marketing projects at large scale. Extremely adaptable to change and ability to execute quickly, leveraging a team A track record of having attracted, hired and/or managed and developed a large, high-performing team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills business development branding events product marketing operations marketing strategy strategic planning analytics retention startup Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RINALYTICS ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects.The team at Rinalytics brings to bear a combination of industry-specific expertise and an unrivalled reputation for delivery on key positions. Our depth of experience, subject matter expertise, specialization approach and thought leadership results in constantly delivering quality outcomes by aligning our search processes to achieve extraordinary client experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details