TITLE: Firmware Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this L1/Physical Layer development on advanced multi-Core Processor environment * ITU-T Standard communication protocol and algorithm development as well as customer specific features and interface development. * Development of proprietary drivers for accelerators,and advanced communication features * Embedded system development-System definition of product,development and debugging for cutting edge communication products on multi-core processor environment * Firmware optimization under real time scheduling and memory constraints,adaptation of code to new hardware or firmware architecture * Write firmware design specification based on system level requirements * Work closely with System engineering,chip development and system verification teams Experience / Knowledge in Keywords * Experience in wireless Communication & firmware Implementation. * Experience in Data Communication,Physical Layer,Signal Processing * C Programming on embedded environment * Experience in ADSL would be preferred. * Knowledge in high performance processor and DSP architectures * Strong analytical skills and strong ability to work in a team * Signal Processing fundamentals and algorithms and applications of the same on digital communication techniques. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills Firmware Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting believes one organisation with a belief is equal to ninety-nine others with interest. Unyielding commitment to this work ethic has powered Assure Consulting\'s growth from a relatively incognito placement company to a dynamic, intellectual leader in the high-technology HR services space in 2001. Assure\'s fast-paced growth is backed by its singular focus on the new, new sector of the Nineties - information and technology. This means we do not offer quick-fix, generic, comprehensive solutions to our clients, but design customised sourcing strategies fine-tuned and refined to meet our clients\' specific requirements. This also means no other HR services company in India has the domain knowledge and the intellectual expertise developed by our team to meet the stringent manpower standards of knowledge-driven information and technology companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details