TITLE: Senior .Net Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this xperience in Agile development framework,Solution/technical Architect, tools and process. Expertise in programming NET 4.0 , Visual Studio 2012, C#, VB.NET, MVC, WCF, WF, AJAX, Jquery, SQL 2008, Web APIsÂ Develops solutions to a variety of problems of large scope and complexity. Provides comprehensive consultation to management regarding long and short range business requirements and recommends innovations which anticipate the future directions of information technology. Ability to effectively/precisely communicate with development team members and stake holders. Comfortable communicating technical capabilities to all levels of internal clients. Document overall solution strategic vision, and create architecture proposals based on identified solution gaps. Identify solution architecture, constraints, scope, cost, risks and value; conceptualize and create POCs and Pilots for solutions that address opportunities and issues Ability to take input from multiple stakeholders, complex business and technical requirements, quickly determine the appropriate solution and then drive the outcome. Strong understanding of the capabilities of native (iOS and Android) and HTML 5 platforms Strong problem solving skills, extremely reliable, quick learner and able to work independently as well as a team member Designs and develops Dot Net software components in a fast paced environment Builds overall system architecture of information system, encompassing external and internal interface analysis and definition, as well as functional requirement allocations. Works with system users to identify problems with focus on performance tuning and patches Understands customer requirements with respect to the success of the business goal and is able to translate them into a technical implementation Suggests innovative solutions to business problems/ processes that leverage technology to provide performance improvements and better user experiences Education strong> : Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field. Work Experience : 8+ years of Dot Net programming experience 8-10 years of relevant IT experience.. Experience in a global and multicultural environment. Job Skills : Expertis e in ASP.Net with at least 2 years' experience in ASP.NET MVC Strong experience in C# Strong skills in JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, TELERIK Very proficient in Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012 database Experience working with Agile/SCRUM software development methodology Experience working with Unit testing frameworks like NUnit or MSTest Working knowledge of ASP.net Web API or WCF is a plus Strong understanding of Dot Net programming best practices Strong understanding of .Net technologies Strong understanding of distributed computing concepts Strong understanding of SDLC processes and methodologies Strong analytical, problem solving, and production diagnostic skills. Strong experience in using Design Patterns Have experience is building enterprise web applications Possess extensive object-oriented design and development experience Very strong at XML and Web services technologies Very proficient in SQL Server 2005 programming Analyze, consolidate and tune SQL queries for optimal efficiency Ability to build reports using crystal reports and/or SQL Server Reporting Services. Mobile application development on Windows mobile platform Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Senior .Net Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directing IT Systems Pvt. Ltd. At Directing IT we offer affordable technology consulting services to small and medium enterprises. Our goal is to enable even the smallest of institution with the right technology thus making them more efficient. We focus on aligning the IT Strategy with the Business Strategy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details