TITLE: Lab Assistant

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES To assist in setup of all aspects of lab To help and instruct the students to perform the allotted tasks precisely and practically To prepare the manuals and any other documents / records as required by the Faculty To install small machines in Lab as required for the upgrading the lab To take care of relevant lab development works To maintain the discipline in the Lab and ensure that the lab is safe, protected and well- maintained at any point of time To ensure the safety and maintenance of equipment, tools, etc. from mishandling, breakage, theft and acts of vandalism, if any. To maintain the stock of equipment, instruments, tools, glassware and chemicals ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS Good communication and analytical skills Must be soft spoken and maintain the dignity of the teaching staff Fair knowledge of MS- Office software suite Preference will be given to candidates with minimum of two years working experience in engineering workshop or technical labs. Ability to work in a team with high people orientation is must Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills development tools instruments documents lab knowledge of ms office people orientation equipment glassware be Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sharanya Narayani International School Late Mrs. Narayani and her late husband Mr. Abbaiah were not formally educated and came from an agricultural background, but they were visionaries, who saw the value and significance of education. As a farmer in the 1940s, Mrs. Narayani succeeded, through her great courage and fortitude, in educating her children to be honest and responsible citizens. The members of the trust owe their success to Mrs. Narayani for her hard work and determination. She believed that education can empower any one, especially girls; therefore, she ensured the education of her daughters. Significantly the trust carries the name of her granddaughter Sharanya, as a tribute to the vision of her late grandmother. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details