TITLE: Lead QA Tool Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for sharp analytical minds to work as Lead QA Tool Developer. Your work will include: To perform performance testing , load testing operations To participate in development of QA tools using scripts, Python ,Perl , C or any other programming language anal ytical thinking and research to figure out how you must do it juggling your major work and your minor projects in a way so that you meet deadlines maintaining all your live features as their owner Desired Skills & Experience *** Freshers need not to apply*** 3-5 years experience . Must be interested in web startups and an avid user of commerce websites globally Common sense approach to problem solving is expected One or many of these required: prior startup experience, contribution to open source projects, volunteering gigs, self started projects, freelance projects, etc. Should be in to testing as well as development of QA tools. Should have strong knowledge in using open source tools like Jmeter, Selenium etc. Should have good experiences in writing test cases, test plans , test scripts. Must be able to take risks Skills important but self-starter attitude very important Must be able to stick for one year minimum Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Lead QA Tool Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zaakpay Zaakpay is a payments company based in New Delhi & Bangalore. Our aim is to solve the payment pain points for eCommerce in India. Our first product Webpay, a credit & debit card processing product has just released. In terms of product, we are still at the foundation level and our aspiration is to build a skyscraper. So there is a lot of new product that needs to be built bottoms up.Our team comes with significant background in payments and technology having worked with companies like PayPal, HSBC, Intel, Nvidia, Freescale, Intuit, Persistent and startups like MobiKwik, SmsGupShup. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details