TITLE: User Experience Engineer Opportunity

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We\'re looking for an experienced senior-level interaction / user interface designer. You dream in Helvetica, and you make sure the padding and margins are right too. You are deeply empathetic and can put yourself in the shoes of the full spectrum of users: from grandmas who are just learning to type to the most hardcore geek. If you love to create useful products that delight and live to create great consumer web experiences, we need you at Infibeam.com. Come challenge our developers to build the next generation of interactive visual designs to support our platform. Make a difference by designing user experiences that will revolutionize how our customers interact with their mission-critical applications. Successful designers will have a passion for design, a strong appreciation for user-centric design, a love of technology and excellent communication skills Requirements: 1. Two or more years of experience developing wireframes, mockups, concept, and specifications for a consumer web product 2. Visual design proficiency and experience is ideal. Things that look good also function well, and vice versa. 3. Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator / Macromedia Dreamweaver 4. Extensive CSS/HTML experience is ideal. The best designers know their constraints. 5. Portfolio of your work 6. Excellent artistic ability and a high degree of creativity 7. Passion for user experience, interaction design, information design and visual design. 8. Must be able to use creative talent with technical skills. 9. should have good working experience with industry standard web applications development and new media development technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills User Experience Engineer Opportunity Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: infibeam Infibeam.com owns and operates an e-commerce retail portal www.infibeam.com as well as customized products portal www.picsquare.com. The company also provides e-commerce and interactive marketing services to brands, retailers and media companies in India and internationally.The company\'s technology services include e-commerce engine with a set of configurable features and functions that enables Web store functionality, such as shopping cart, product presentation, and merchandising. It also offers a wide range of Web store management tools along with a host of services such as fulfillment, customer care, interactive marketing, and online advertising and design. Infibeam.com was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details