TITLE: Counselor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: * Doing Regular Brand Building Activities at Regular Intervals. * Making Calls and Follw- up of Customers, Reaching Daily and Monthly Targets. * Generating New Data Base, Trying for Tie- ups and for Internship. * Developing contacts with Companies for Corporate Training. * Co- ordinate with the Team to Achieve the Target. * Planning and Accomplishing Promotional Activities as per Leaderrsquos Guideline. * Sending Emails / Letters / Faxes to Generate Enquiries. * Creating a back- up of Day- to- Day Activities, * Send the Monthly Business Plan to Business Head. * Collect Feedback about the Activities done and Improvise on them. Skills: * Excellent Communication skills, * Presentation Skills, * Smart Personality, * Familiar with Local Language. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Counselor Keyskills brand building co internship excellent communication skills activities up promotional activities presentation skills business head data base Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HITECH PLACEMENTS HITECH PLACEMENTS was founded in the year 1997 with the sole aim of matching top quality Job- seekers with leading Employers. Since then it has created a dominant brand within its target market place. HITECH has grown fastest as Reliable & Quality Service Provider having its main focus to offer high quality expertise to both Clients & Candidates. Our Recruitment Team understands the competitive needs of MNCs & dynamic Organizations and provides Candidates with high quality resources. Our candidates are thoroughly interviewed before they are sent to the respective organizations for recruitment purposes, hence we fulfill a dynamic medium\'s role at minimal costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details