TITLE: Prescription Generator

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : We are looking out for fresh graduates and also experienced marketing executives who are go-getters, want to create great wealth for themselves and transform themselves into the best knowledge workers. The only pre-requisite is the ability to be fluent in spoken english. We offer the best salaries, allowances and performance based incentives as per industry standards. Invest in yourself. Responsible for promoting evidence-based innovative neutraceuticals across specialities and consultants in order to generate prescriptions. Ability to self-motivate and being results driven Knowledge of good English verbal communication skills Candidates below preferred. Experience not necessary/Freshers may apply. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills english standards knowledge verbal communication spoken english communication skills pre consultants experience innovative Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nutri Synapzz therapeutix private limited Have you seen a bird that " tries " to fly, a fish that " tries" to swim, a flower that " tries" to bloom? Unlikely. Now, have you seen companies and managers trying to innovate? Plenty. Apples did fall a number of times from the trees, but it took Sir Issac Newton\'s intuition to connect this activity and invent the law of gravity. What is Nutrisynapzz? Nutrisynapzz is a connection of critical activities that culminate into introducing innovative nutraceutical products that addresses the root cause of specific diseases to result in demonstrable and unique benefits to patients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details