TITLE: Marketing Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description To strategise, initiate, develop, implement and manage marketing plans and programmes while making use of the appropriate marketing mix. Responsibilities i. Tracking Revenue Responsible for analyzing sales per division per region and implementing course corrections in co-ordination with Regional Sales Managers ii. Strategic Input Providing guidance and direction on marketing strategy Ensuring that integrated marketing campaigns address business and strategic initiatives within the allocated budget Understanding the need for different market and delivering customized marketing solutions Preparing and presenting market data for quarterly budgeting process. iii. General Marketing Activities Work with Regional Sales Managers and Business Managers to ensure that major business initiatives are driven in accordance with marketing plans Custodian and evangelist of REACH Technologies brand Responsible for segmenting, controlling and tracking marketing spend per initiative in conjunction with the finance team. iv. Managing Outsource Agencies Developing Advertising and PR strategy and ensuring that Advertising and PR agencies implement the plan within the communication guidelines Responsible for initiating and developing marketing collaterals Providing agencies with updates on REACH initiatives, developments and brand strategy Event planning with regional execution guidelines for event management companies. Location: Bangalore Training and Education: Engineering Degree and / or MBA from a premier institution/Outstanding Graduate Work Experience: A minimum of 5 years of marketing experience, preferably in the IT industry and / or a strong brand and marketing company Skills: Excellent analytical skills. Excellent management skills (Virtual Teaming). Excellent presentation skills, negotiation skills and communication skills. Understanding of market, including different phases of sales cycle and buying patterns and trends in order to align marketing initiatives with business and revenue goals. Must have a proven track record of implementing marketing programs from conceptual stage to finalization and successful management. Planning, design and implementation of marketing plans/strategies with partnering experience. Must pay close attention to detail, slow flexibility and work under tight deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Marketing Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: REACH Sewn Technologies and Consulting Pvt. Ltd. REACH Technologies offers Consulting Services, Information Technology Solutions and Training of Trainers to the apparel, fashion, textile and related soft goods industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details