TITLE: Technical Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this * Job Description : We are looking for people who have a flair for teaching and explaining things through writing. The Job responsibilities will include: Create Tutorial documents for our software products. Be able to understand how to perform a particular task using our software tools. Be able to describe how to do the task in simple language using screen grabs and annotations. Be able to work with tools like snag-it to capture screen areas and annotate them to describe a work flow. Create Help Documentation in HTML. This is for contextual help in the applications. Be able to understand technically the use of various controls on forms of our applications. Be able to describe the contextual meaning of each control on a given screen/form. Need to know basic HTML to be able to format the documentation properly. Create Power Point Presentations about the features of our software products. Be able to understand the features of our software products. Be able to work with Microsoft power point comfortably. Be able to specify the ideas in clear in concise way. Create Training Material. Should have some training experience. Be able to create training syllabus for our software products. Be able to prepare test papers based on the training programs. IMPORTANT : We need all of the above in various languages. If you are good in written Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Gujarati, Marathi, Oriya, Malayalam or any other Indian or international languages and comfortable with tools mentioned above please apply for the job position. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Technical Writer Keyskills Technical Writer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hyper Drive Info Tech Online Retail Shop. Provide Billing, Inventory & Financial Accounts Management System and E-Commerce Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details