TITLE: GPU Computing (Healthcare)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experienced in GPU computing SDKs like CUDA or OpenCL, and familiar with different optimization techniques. The candidate should have hands-on experience with programming and optimization in CUDA/OpenCL. Skillset: Must Have: 1. 2 years experience in CUDA/OpenCL programming 2. 4 experience in C/C programming 3. Strong optimization skills in parallel programming domain Desirable: 1. Experience in medical image processing domain is a plus 2. Strong communication skills Job Role: The role is that of individual contributor, in which the team member will be working on latest medical image processing algorithms. The candidate will be in charge of development and optimization of medical image processing algorithms on the GPU, and communicating with local and remote teams to effectively execute his deliverables. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development healthcare optimization image processing algorithms programming opencl experience domain medical gpu Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CAREER MAKERS We have the multidisciplinary experience and capability to recruit a wide range of positions, from Senior Management to Support Staff. We are dedicated in the SOFTWARE recruitments. We have introduced an UPDATE concept for our customers for reference. This unique structure is designed to meet your demanding schedules and resource. As leaders of global corporations, we also gain from your knowledge, experience and vision. Together we can create obvious understanding with each other and a partnership, which would be unique, generating new insights into critical issues of our business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details