TITLE: Social Media Specialist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: A great opportunity to work with cutting edge US clients and make a difference in the ever evolving social ads space. Social Media Specialist at Position 2 is a self-starter and eager to build a solid long lasting career in Digital Marketing, especially the fast growing and influential social space. Social Media Specialist use his/her creativity and marketing skills to help generate sales/leads for our hi-tech US customers. As an in-house specialist you will study trends in social media, research popular social platforms, study emerging social media tools and build strategies for our customers. Social Media Specialist will study the audience our clients desire to reach and offer plans on how best to leverage social ads to appeal to the target audience. You will be at the forefront of building in-depth and insightful reports for clients and internal Position 2 teams to show the campaign growth and strategies. Exception al written and verbal communication a must. Understanding of American culture, language and writing should be as good as native. Job Requirements Through paid social ads you are responsible for creating and maintaining client\'s presence on social platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter etc. Responsible for helping our clients meet the leads/orders target from the paid ads. You will monitor emerging social media trends and tools to see how these can be incorporated into our client\'s campaigns. Manage end to end execution of the paid campaigns (Facebook and twitter). Responsible for reporting, analysis and recommendations. Manage spends, strategies and messaging across all paid social platforms. Work closely with Position 2 Social head, US based Position2 team and clients to build strategies to grown current campaigns and plan future campaigns. Job Requirements Passion for Marketing and Social Media. Intellectual curiosity and eagerness to innovate, think out of the box and implement new things for customers. Prior Social Ads experience. Ideally planning and execution both. Ease with Internet and Social platforms. Ability to understand and grasp marketing and social jargon. Knack for Consumer research and ability to think "consumer". Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Social Media Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Position2 PPC is one of the top channels for lead generation across industry segments and almost 50% of online marketing spends are on search. Over the years, significant developments have taken place to improve the efficiency of PPC programs. These include advanced techniques, tools and frameworks across elements like keywords, ads, bid management & landing page testing.Position2 uses a combination of best-of-breed 3rd party tools, in-house tools and best practices to manage your PPC campaigns. The tools are complemented by an expert, certified team a powerful combination that delivers results for your business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details