TITLE: Assistant Teacher

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 0 - 5 Years IOTA LEARNING Montessori Trained / Preschool Teachers for Afterschool Acti | Applicant Tracking System | Recruitment Software Your form validation is successful! Montessori Trained / Preschool Teachers for Afterschool Acti Assistant Teacher | 0 - 5 Years | Bangalore Urban | 50 Positions About IOTA LEARNING IOTA Accelerated Math is an Accelerated Math program which would accelerate the current learning capability of the child. In this self learning model, children learn on their own at their own pace to achieve mastery in a specific skill. Due to the sequential nature of the program, students end up achieving higher levels by mastering skills from higher classes. SHARE THIS JOB WITH FRIENDS Summary One of the more readily available positions with the tutoring company remains the assistant instructor. Accountable for guiding learners through the progression of the program, employees must grade and prepare all work for future sessions. An assistant instructor must observe student study habits and routinely communicate progress to lead instructors. Successful candidates typically show the ability to work in fast-paced environments, desires to work with children of varying age levels, show attention to detail, possess strong organizational skills, and the ability to work flexible schedules. An assistant instructor may expect to work between 15 and 30 hours a week Job Description IOTA Learning isnow seeking qualified Assistant Instructors. IOTA Learning is a supplemental education program in india, with over 10k students enrolled. IOTA is a long term program designed to help students master math and reading, as well as develop good study habits and independent learning skills. Assistant Instructors may train in several aspects of the center operation. These areas include: guiding young learners as they progress through our program grading math and reading assignments verifying that student homework is complete and giving students their new assignments preparing class work for the next session observing student study habits communicating student progress with the Instructor inputting student scores into record books working with students on oral math facts, listening to and assessing students' oral reading Qualifications Include: Ability to work in a fast-paced environment A desire to work with children Able to work Mondayand Saturdayafternoons from 3: 00pm to 8: 00pm Extremely organized with attention to detail Punctual, with reliable transportation to and from the center Preferred candidates will have prior experience working with children and a good working knowledge of math through algebra and reading comprehension. IOTA knowledge is a plus but is not required. Training will be provided. During interview process, abasic Math and Reading test will be given at the interview.. All applicants will be on a probationary period up to 60 days. Excellent opportunity for high school and college students interested in working with children and retired teachers. Some experience working with children is preferred. Long term commitment desired -- minimum one year. Local candidates preferred. If you are interested, please email me your resume. jobs@iota.co.in or apply here OTHER OPENINGS AT IOTA LEARNING You have some form errors. Please check below. Select Profile APPLY NOW. ITS FREE. Your form validation is successful! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills co customer care learning math attention to detail assistant reading form Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IOTA LEARNING IOTA LEARNING Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details