TITLE: Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We\'re looking for an experienced senior-level interaction / user interface designer. You dream in Helvetica, and you make sure the padding and margins are right too. You are deeply empathetic and can put yourself in the shoes of the full spectrum of users: from grandmas who are just learning to type to the most hardcore geek. If you love to create useful products that delight and live to create great consumer web experiences, we need you at Infibeam.com. Come challenge our developers to build the next generation of interactive visual designs to support our platform. Make a difference by designing user experiences that will revolutionize how our customers interact with their mission-critical applications. Successful designers will have a passion for design, a strong appreciation for user-centric design, a love of technology and excellent communication skills Requirements: 1. Two or more years of experience developing wireframes, mockups, concept, and specifications for a consumer web product 2. Visual design proficiency and experience is ideal. Things that look good also function well, and vice versa. 3. Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator / Macromedia Dreamweaver 4. Extensive CSS/HTML experience is ideal. The best designers know their constraints. 5. Portfolio of your work 6. Excellent artistic ability and a high degree of creativity 7. Passion for user experience, interaction design, information design and visual design. 8. Must be able to use creative talent with technical skills. 9. should have good working experience with industry standard web applications development and new media development technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: infibeam Started in 2007, Infibeam is one of India\'s leading online shopping portals and is the world\'s fastest growing e-commerce company. The e-commerce portal has its corporate office in Ahmedabad and delivery branches are set up in top Indian cities like Mumbai, Bengaluru, Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Guwahati and Chennai to ensure quick deliveries. Infibeam provides an unmatched online shopping experience with their products ranging from mobile phones, tablets, books, cameras, mens clothing, womens clothing, electronics, gifts, jewellery, mens footwear, womens footwear, laptop, games & consoles, computers, air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, home appliances, TVs, DVD players, baby products, movies, music, magazines, toys, kitchenware, kitchen appliances, MP3 players, headphones, to festival gifts and much more. The portal showcases products of customers\' interest, and has tie-up with major Indian and international brands; this makes online shopping in India more convenient. Infibeam boasts products of brands like like Apple, Sony, HTC, Nokia, Micromax, Samsung, Sony and more. Some of the best selling mobile brands available here are Samsung, Nokia, Micromax, Sony, Xolo, Apple and more. Infibeam keeps you updated with all its offers with amazing feature called \'Magic Box\', which delivers the best offers to your inbox. Infibeam also offers Festival Discounts. One of the fastest growing online shopping portals, Infibeam offers an ultimate experience of online shopping by its quick delivery of products and easy exchange & return policy. Various safe and secure payment options like Cash on Delivery, Net Banking, Debit Cards, Credit Cards with easy EMI options are available. Infibeam is one such destination, which aims to ease the online shopping experience for customers and make it hassle-free. The best deals will not only save your money, but also make you \'Shop with a Smile\'. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details