TITLE: Quality Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Qualification: Graduate in Sciences with good scholastic record. Exposure to a Quality framework such as Six Sigma, ISO, COPC, etc. Experience: Minimum of two years experience in the Quality function of a Hospital or a BPO Center. Languages: English, Kannada and Hindi very fluently. Responsibilities: Qualification: Any Graduation. Should be good at Communication Skills (Telugu, English and Hindi) Should have experience in Data Analysis, Surveys, web based analysis, fore casting. Using statistical tools & applications like SPSS etc is mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills bpo data analysis iso six sigma english telugu kannada spss copc web based Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Comprehensive Trauma Consortium Comprehensive Trauma Consortium was founded in March\'2000 by Dr. N. K Ventakaramana, to create a paradigm shift in the management of Trauma care in the country. CTC is a voluntary, non-profit, non-Governmental organization that purports to create a revolution in the quality of human life by rendering state-of-the-art Pre-Hospital Care to all accident and medical emergency victims throughout the country. The Consortium includes Police, Fire brigade, Hospitals, Educational Institutions, Enterprises and other voluntary organizations. In conjunction with our vision the organization has evolved to create healthy towns/cities by introducing peripheral services that augment the emergency medical service. This efficient system has saved thousands of lives, reduced the Pre-hospital death rate substantially, reduced disability due to timely intervention & care, reduced social and economic losses indirectly contributing to the creation of healthy & wealthy society. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details