TITLE: Server Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key responsibilities which need to be handled: Reliability - Zaakpay needs to be up all the time, no matter what the traffic. Security - Ensure that Zaakpay servers comply with all certifications at all time and cannot be breached in any way. Monitoring - Establish and run a sophisticated monitoring service using out of box and self-developed tools to record data for future use. Automation - Build and maintain tools and scripts to automate various manual processes related to the application. Performance - Tune the web servers, app servers, databases and all services to meet the performance goals set by the spec. Desired Skills & Experience Deep experience with Linux and associated OS concepts, services and esp security Ability to Automate processes by building new tools. Scripting experience(shell/php/python) is mandatory. In-Depth Knowledge of Databases(esp Mysql) and tricks on how to configure and optimize them for scale. Understanding of Network protocols (TCP/IP, BGP, HSRP, NAT, IPSec) and adept at configuring Hardware/Software firewalls. Experience setting up application servers and configuring them for monitoring and performance Experience in production deployment with minimum downtime. Ability to work on call and respond to production failures. Some knowledge of Java is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Server Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zaakpay Zaakpay is a payments company based in New Delhi & Bangalore. Our aim is to solve the payment pain points for eCommerce in India. Our first product Webpay, a credit & debit card processing product has just released. In terms of product, we are still at the foundation level and our aspiration is to build a skyscraper. So there is a lot of new product that needs to be built bottoms up.Our team comes with significant background in payments and technology having worked with companies like PayPal, HSBC, Intel, Nvidia, Freescale, Intuit, Persistent and startups like MobiKwik, SmsGupShup. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details