TITLE: Executive

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Skill Set At leastÂ 2 Â years experience in Post sales support. Ability to demonstrate excellent attention to detail Degree in Engineering (ECE or Computer Science) CCNA certified. Ability to interact and negotiate solution designs and details with end users. Analytical with strong problem solving abilities. Able to demonstrate ability to take ownership of a problem Good hands on working knowledge on TDM equipment, Wireless products, L2/L3 Switches and Routers. Hands on knowledge of installing and maintaining wireless links. Extensive experience of installing and troubleshooting SDH/TDM/IP/WDM/ Wireless networks. Good knowledge of Networking protocols ( RIP, OSPF,BGP, EIGRP) Good communication skills and Presentation skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MRO - TEK LIMITED Evolution in communication technology is rapidly transforming the way we conduct business and live our lives. From early days of LAN and WAN through wireless networking and the World Wide Web to 3G & 4G, Cloud Computing and Mobile Internet, the speed of progress shows no sign of slowing down.We at MRO-TEK are seamlessly working for more than three decades with evolving technologies, helping organizations deploy and manage their networks better. As leading architects of carrier-grade access technology, we offer total networking solutions and a broad portfolio of products in the TDM, Ethernet and Wireless domains. Recently we have diversified into the renewable energy sector to offer a range of Solar UPS in addition to conventional UPS Products Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details