TITLE: PHP Zend

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 5 years of LAMP experience 2 years or having executed 2-3 large projects on ZEND as a Sr. Developer Excellent oral and written communication skill ls in English is mandatory Expert in LAMP stack, Expert in PHP ZEND framework Grasp of the full web-stack, from relational database (MySQL) to very good knowledge of HTML/CSS, jQuery, JavaScript. Good work experience in Linux environment is mandatory Strong understanding of object-oriented PHP Have worked in a structured, team-based environment, and understand good software engineering patterns and practices. Understand issues surrounding analysis, tuning, scalability, high availability and concurrency of the ZEND platform and hosting infrastructure and work alongside the wider operations team towards these goals. Be able to absorb, rapidly, new technical information as required. Be familiar with, and be able to use as directed, all applicable tools, methods, procedures and standards. Experience in WordPress CMS, ideal but not mandatory Commitment to deadline, Process orientation, high quality of delivery with very good attention to detail Self-organized and ability to work with minimal or no hand-holding. Qualifications B-Tech/BE Graduate in CS/IT (4 year degree) or MCA Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills PHP Zend Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SMART SPOC We are good team of minds with broad range of industry and functional experience, who believe to come with team answers than individual opinions. A structured problem solving approach is supported with research and analysis before recommending to our clients.With a thorough professional approach towards our clients, we deliver our best to every client as cost effective as we can.Our experiences taught the need for unique solution creation for every client situation. Our approach to a problem is never the symptom visible to our client but identifying the root cause and then arrive at a corrective strategy.Our missionis to help our clients build substantial and lasting improvements in their performance be it a startup or an existing company and build a great consulting firm. Our success comes with the success of our clients . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details