TITLE: Instructional Technology Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Certwin is the fastest-growing online marketplace for assessments and certifications. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA. Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Job Description Provides daily support to the Online Training Modules in development and conversion of courses and programs to innovative online and other technology-assisted educational venues utilizing cutting-edge and creative design and course delivery options.Â May supervise, mentor, and guide less experienced instructional designers and voice actors in the areas of computer hardware and software and project management. Collaborate on training plans and blended learning implementation strategies and in the design and customization of curriculum and provide consultation on course media use. Assist with the Institute's presence on the web in design and integration of special learning features. Conducts formal presentations in the use of specific technology materials, and provides technical support in using instructional technology. Researches new technologies and best practices to educate faculty and make recommendations for future use. Monitors use and secures audio/visual, multimedia, video production, and IT equipment as appropriate. Performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Possesses knowledge about adult learning using distance learning technology with strong technical skills and ability to select appropriate tools to meet learning goals needed to produce e-learning products. Understanding of instructional design and curricular development issues related to teaching and learning in traditional, hybrid, and distance courses, as well as experience using a wide range of hardware, software, and database tools to develop instructional materials. Assumes personal responsibility for all outcomes; makes effective and timely decisions; and learns how to effectively use technology to effectively perform assigned duties. Maintains productivity and uses knowledge strategies to increase knowledge base. Ability to effectively communicate both verbal and written thoughts, ideas, and facts. Writes and presents information in a clear and concise way. Interprets and understands written information and is able to listen attentively to verbal and non-verbal cues that lead to a deeper understanding.Â Ability to work cooperatively with others and demonstrates professional, ethical, respectful, and courteous behavior when interacting with others. Capable of interacting pleasantly and positively with other to meet customer expectations, and provide follow up with customers.Â Proficient with MS Office (with advanced expertise in Excel and Word) and HTML, Adobe products, and rapid e-learning software (Articulate, Storyline, Captivate). Additional Information Salary is based on qualifications and experience of candidate. Interviews will be conducted on Weekdays. All Interviews are Invite-only. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Instructional Designer Keyskills technical support operations project management ms office html development e learning computer hardware options adobe Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Certwin Company Description Certwin is the fastest-growing online marketplace for assessments and certifications. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA. Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details