TITLE: Inside Sales Representative

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Cold-call prospects that are generated by external sources of lead. Identify decision makers within targeted leads to begin sales process. Get Appointments within targeted leads with Senior Sales Team Members Maintain and expand the companyrsquos database of prospects. Ensure follow-up, complete profile information, sources, and so on. Make outbound follow-up calls to existing customers via telephone and email cross-sell and up-sell. Overcome objections of prospective customers. Speak English Clearly and fluently; should have persuasive telephone manner. Call Centre Experience with UK Clients or UK process, Accent Training a Plus. University or college degree in Computer Science, Marketing, or an acceptable combination of education and experience. 2 to 3 years of direct work experience in a sales or telesales capacity. Demonstrated ability to convert prospects and close deals while maintaining established sales quotas. Solid experience in opportunity qualification, pre-call planning, call control, account development, and time management. Success in qualifying opportunities involving multiple key decision makers. Exceptional verbal communication and presentation skills. Excellent listening skills. Strong written communication skills. Self-motivated, with high energy and an engaging level of enthusiasm. Experience with customer relationship management software. Previous experience in software or technology sales a Plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills telesales outbound sales process email computer science maintaining experience communication skills account development follow up Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bolas Intelli Solutions Pvt.Ltd We are Bolas Intelli Solutions, an organization with truly different principles. We are an enterprising venture of the Bolas Group, a leading business house backed with outstanding credibility & reliability gained over 5 decades of business. Like our parent company, we are deeply committed to nurturing corporate values, which we believe is the underlying principle for success. We are strategically located at Mangalore, which is a fast growing Tier-2 IT destination of South India. With the \'Right People, Right Commitment, Right Delivery\' attitude, our IT solutions are truly designed to deliver Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details