TITLE: Senior Information Security Consultant for Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description VAM SYSTEMS is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, USA, Australia, Singapore & India. VAM SYSTEMS is currently looking for Senior Information Security Consultant for our Bangalore operations with the following skill set and terms and conditions: Skill set required: Should be capable of doing Risk Assessment, Vulnerability Assessments, Security consulting, network and web Architecture security Review, security Baseline auditing and documentation, Forensics and Network security reviews. Should be knowledgeable in ISO 27001 Should be knowledgeable in one of the scripting languages like PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby, VB scriptÂ Job DescriptionÂ [Hardware/Networking] I. Networking concepts including Sub- netting, OSI AND TCP- IP model and VLSM. II. Security review of various Routing and Switching Protocols, NAT and ACL, Firewalls, VPNs, IDS- IPS and other networking devices. III. Security review of wireless networks, WEP, WPA, and WPA2 Encryption. [Information Security and Ethical Hacking] In detail analysis of data at packet level including Protocols and TCP- IP headers. Troubleshooting Security Misconfigurations in Networks and devices. Log Analysis of different logs including Syslogs, Web Server logs, Router logs, Firewall logs, Windows logs etc. Securing Wireless protocols with Fern- Wi- Fi cracker and Aircrack- ng including wep and wpa2 encryption. Advanced Web Application Penetration Testing which includes OWASP TOP- 10 web vulnerabilities. Penetration testing/configuration review of networking devices like Routers, Firewalls, IPS- IDS and Web Servers. Basic knowledge of Cryptography, various Encryption Algorithms, Public key Infrastructure (PKI) and Certificate Authority (CA) . [Operating System] 1. WINDOWS (XP/7/8) , UNIX (Linux/Ubuntu/Backtrack/Kali) [Programming Languages / Scripting] PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, Visual Basic, Python, VBScript. Â Experience Required: 3+ Years Domain BankingÂ Terms and conditions: Joining time frame: 2 weeks (maximum 4 weeks) The selected candidates shall join VAM Systems and shall be deputed to one of the leading organization in Bangalore. Should you be interested in this opportunity, please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliestÂ Terms and conditions: Â Joining time frame: Â Â maximum 4 weeks Should youÂ be interested in this opportunity, please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest Â or call us +91 471 2766011Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills javascript perl networking python configuration routers troubleshooting algorithms firewall information security Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VAM SYSTEMS VAM SYSTEMS Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details