TITLE: Technical Lead - System Design team

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Skills Should have done BE /Btech in any engineering stream preferably from a reputed university. Should have 8-10 yrs. of experience in requirement analysis , design and development of telecom software in VOIP domain. Experience in.Push to talk will be an advantage. Should have extensive experience and hands on knowledge of protocols such as SIP , RTP , RTCP ,HTTP. Should be familiar with NAT traversal techniques such as STUN , TURN. Should have good TCP /IP sockets , relational database , and TLS /SSL knowledge. Should have worked in design methodologies , UML tools. Expected to have very strong design skills. Should be hands on programming languages such as C . Java will be an advantage. Should be hands on Linux /Unix. He /She should work as individual contributor in the team. Needs to be a good team player and expected to have good communication and presentation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills telecom voip java btech sip http system design ssl tools nat Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kodiak Networks India Pvt. Ltd Kodiak Networks India At Kodiak Networks India, we work in a friendly environment, where the work culture is challenging, yet stimulating. Our goal is making the world a smaller place through technology and using it to enhance life experiences. Apart from providing good work culture we also have excellent employee benefits likes Insurance, Pre IPO stock options, Awards, referral award programs, Retirement benefits. Kodiak employees also contribute to the society through active CSR programs and have been recognized by industry bodies. If you want to be part of a team that is committed to making a difference in its industry and work in an environment where your education and experience will be challenged, we want to hear from you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details