TITLE: Senior Business Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD: Business Analyst Shift Time: 1 10 PM IST Responsibilities: As part of the Techno-Functional Business Analysis, the key functions needed to be performed by the individual include: Participate in Business Requirements discussion & document the requirements provided by business. Discuss the requirements with the development team and prepare functional & technical requirement document. Must be able to elaborate, specify and document the business & functional requirements for a software platform. Analyze requirements, propose solutions or corrective actions and recommend system controls and protocols. Analyzes the feasibility of, and develop requirements for new systems and enhancements to existing systems; ensuring the system design fits the needs of the users Work with business unit leaders and IT departments to identify business needs and conceptualize solutions. Must play a key role in supporting delivery of solutions through the SDLC, communication across the internal stakeholders and business partners. Ability to brainstorm ideas for a solution to a problem. Display abilities to work in a team. Drive Usability discussions and User Interface designs. Maintain the Requirements documents and update it regularly for all clients. Lead in development, testing, and deployment reviews to assure requirements are being properly addressed Proven ability to understand, validate and document business requirements as functional and system specification documents and translate them into a technical solution. Support the client engagement team to convert the business requirements to functional requirements. Strong ability to visualize the end solution (in system) before developing it. Author Requirement documents and CR (Change request). Adhere to standard specification format like Use Cases, technical/functional specifications, functional test cases, user stories, etc. Knowledge & Skills: 4 8 years experience as a Business Analyst in a techno-functional space Ability to handle multiple tasks/subprojects simultaneously Experience in understanding and performing XML mapping Must have knowledge on programming languages like C#, JavaScript and XML Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills User Stories Use Cases XML Javascript C# SDLC Languages Techno Functional Client Engagement Business Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications Must haveknowledge on SQL and understanding complex SQL queries/procedures Good to have automation testing tools experience (example: Selenium) Good to have knowledge on tools like JIRA, Wiki, IntelliJ Idea, QC, SOAP UI Good English communication skills, written and verbal Quick learner Demonstrates initiativeQualifications:Masters/Bachelors degree in Engineering from reputed colleges with First class. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details