TITLE: Senior Engineer - Web Application

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description "TRANSILIENT VISUAL COMPUTING"Â Advancements in Visual computing, have a lot to do with two eponymous constructs- Moore's Law and the Pixel per dollar construct. While the former has ensured that computing power keeps increasing exponentially, the latter has given us constant improvements in visualization, all the while making them more affordable. With the explosion of data in today's world, visual computing in one of its multifarious forms has an integral role to play in all organisations raging from the military to educational institutions.Â We are a technology consulting and development startup with a team of high trained and experienced professionals in the domain of Computer Graphics. 3D Visualisation and System Architecture. With extensive know- how and expertise in building scalable visualisation and computing solutions, we stand at an enviable position in the industry with our capability to deliver turnkey solution encompassing the complete visual computing paradigm. Job Description Nowadays portability and mobility is most important hence at VizExperts we target to push our technologiesÂ towards portable and mobile form. As web application engineer you would be responsible for contributingÂ in developing web based platform for 3D GIS and Simulation applications. These applications involveÂ interaction with big sized database residing on server side and 3D graphics in web with real- timeÂ performance. A web application engineer works into multiple web applications domains which are serverÂ and client side. An individual in this role gets to work on cutting edge web APIs which help devisingÂ applications which can be used for 3D and 2D Visualization and Analytics. An individual in this role is requiredÂ to mentor junior developers and do code reviews as well. Â Qualifications Key Requirements Graduation with BE, B- Tech, M- Tech 3- 5 years experience in web application development. Good, Precise and clear communication At least clear understanding on either of languages C#/JS/Java Development and debugging tools such as MS Visual Studio. Proficient in programming, data structures and algorithms, operating systems, web development architecture and tools, understanding of web servers and web services. Preferable Worked on Dojo, JQuery, Java Spring, Restful services, Performance concepts Knowledge about threading in web such as web worker Knowledgeable about .NET or Java based web framework Worked on WebGL, OpenLayers, GeoServer, MapServer, WPS services and servers. Additional Information Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java jquery server data structures algorithms web development graphics forms visual studio system architecture Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vizexperts India Private Vizexperts India Private Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details