TITLE: Multi Skilled Technician

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate,Â Â Job Description :- Â we have an immediate opening as Multi Skill Technician with minimum of 1-5 Y's exp required. Take Home Salary will be around : 13k Interested candidates send your updated resume to prakash.madhavan@efsme.com Â or contact : 8088814307 Working knowledge of Electrical works preferred Â .Â Well versed in all range of Electrical Works, Job Description : Education : Diploma/ITI inElectrical Exp : Minimum 1 year experience in Electrical maintenance background. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - ,2,00,000 P.A Industry:Facility Management Functional Area: Maintenance Role Category:Maintenance Role:Workman/Foreman/Technician Keyskills : Maintenance Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, Electrical , ITI in Electrician/ Diploma in Electrical PG:Any PostgraduateÂ Prakash HR Recruiter EFS Facilities Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. #21 Brigade Square, 4th Floor, Cambridge Road, Ulsoor,Bangalore - 560008 M +91 8088814307 E prakash.madhavan@efsme.com W www.efsme.com Company Profile: EFS India employs more than 3200 people, with Pan India operations spanning across major cities . The Company's corporate office is at Delhi with other major offices located in Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai and Kolkata besides other local operating offices. EFS is serving clients in areas of Integrated Facility Management and Energy Services for Industry and Power. The Facility Management vertical has a strong team of technical resources across India which is committed to strong service delivery. The Company manages about 25m sq. ft. of facilities management portfolio spread over 18 cities and 50 clients. Company's approach to Facility Management extends beyond day to day operations to overall equipment maintenance, life cycle enhancement and capital value protection for our clients. The Energy Business vertical provides the expertise and services for comprehensive O&M services for Power Plants and Industrial Facilities covering Steam Systems, Water Treatment Plants and Electrical & Mechanical Utility Systems. The Energy Business also provides Technical Services such as Supervisory Services for Construction & Commissioning, Due Diligence, Project Management Services and Technical & Performance Audits. Salary:INR 50,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: Facility Management Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Electrical Engineer-Utility Keyskills Multi Skill Technician Electrical Technician Technician Maintenance Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EFS Facilities Services (india) Pvt. Ltd. We provide a fully-comprehensive scope of integrated facilities management services. Whether your requirements are mechanical, electrical & plumbing maintenance, cleaning and other soft services, asset management reviews or commission and transition management, we maximize the lifecycle of your assets while ensuring their full functionality. Global Knowledge Our teams of 11,000 highly-trained, hand-picked international professionals have built the solid experience that comes from managing over 300 diverse contracts with a contract backlog of AED 2.5 billion, using the most advanced technologies. Regional Presence Our presence in 20 countries across the Middle East, Africa and South Asia is reinforced by our specialist knowledge and experience working across all key market sectors from industrial, residential, commercial, mixed use developments, retail, healthcare, education, integrated workplace, master communities, banking, staff accommodation, oil & gas to public sector buildings. Through our strategically-diverse cultural mix, we fully understand and address the priorities and sensitivities across the different markets we operate in. Local Experience Our experience of more than a decade in managing diverse and large-scale projects throughout the region has given us a thorough understanding of the unique market needs and regulatory requirements. Our loyal client base comes from a track record of consistency and dependability - handling some of the region's most prestigious facilities management projects and maintaining our best-in-class standards every step of the way. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details