TITLE: Snr. Product Engineer (Audio)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Code AVK SPE A Your Role You will play a central role in the design & development of next generation audio processing systems for Sports Broadcasting and take overall engineering leadership for all core audio modules. Your tasks also include interaction with audio research specialists, involvement in drafting of white papers/publications/patents, co-ordination with other snr. product engineers, mentoring of product engineers & software engineers. You will primarily work from our Bangalore office in electronics city, but may be required to spend time with our spin-offs/affiliates in Switzerland. Your Profile A versatile C programmer with a special passion for developing sophisticated , mission critical and innovative audio related applications aimed at the global market. Work Experience : development of audio applications such as software Audio Mixers/ Graphic Equalisers, and, implementation of audio processing algorithms is mandatory. Additional experience in development of modules related to raw/compressed Audio Capture and/or Playout using OEM (ASI, SDI, DVI cards), Software Audio Codecs, and GUIs will be an advantage. Exposure to applications development in Live broadcasting and Production, preferably in sports broadcasting will be a strong advantage. Programming Skills: Proficiency in C is mandatory. Exposure to Linux /Unix shell scripting , and MATLAB is an advantage. knowledge of FFMPEG or other MPEG SDKs will be a strong advantage. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge of all major audio formats (Raw/AES, WAV, MP3, AC3, MPEG-2/4) is expected. Additional understanding of theoretical concepts behind Audio characterisation, perception & acoustics is required. Understanding of 5.1 Audio Production in live broadcasting will be a strong advantage. Aptitude : : Enthusiastic, creative, team player and excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in sports will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Snr. Product Engineer (Audio) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc Diginoc is bespoke for those wanting to make a mark and share the excitement of being an integral part of a start-up team thats international from day one. We provide outstanding opportunities for growth and professional accomplishment across functions ranging from research to engineering and marketing. Filing for patents, interacting with our Swiss based spin-off ventures and representing the company in premier industry trade fairs are all part of the exceptional cahier des charges that puts our employees on the fast track. This is in addition to the attractive pay packages and stock option plans that help craft our association with our employees as a true partnership in every sense of the term. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details