TITLE: Office Administrator

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 0 - 3 Years IOTA LEARNING IOTA Office Administrator | Applicant Tracking System | Recruitment Software Your form validation is successful! IOTA Office Administrator Operations Management | 0 - 3 Years | Bangalore Urban | 3 Positions About IOTA LEARNING IOTA Accelerated Math is an Accelerated Math program which would accelerate the current learning capability of the child. In this self learning model, children learn on their own at their own pace to achieve mastery in a specific skill. Due to the sequential nature of the program, students end up achieving higher levels by mastering skills from higher classes. SHARE THIS JOB WITH FRIENDS Summary IOTA Office Administrator Job Description IOTA Accelerated Math is an Accelerated Math program which would accelerate the current learning capability of the child. In this self learning model, children learn on their own at their own pace to achieve mastery in a specific skill. Due to the sequential nature of the program, students end up achieving higher levels by mastering skills from higher classes. As an Office Administrator in our Branch Office: You will perform a variety of administrative tasks including: scheduling appointments; typing correspondence, memos, presentations, and reports; answering telephones; setting up meetings and conference calls; making travel arrangements; maintaining calendars; preparing expense reports; processing invoices; and ordering supplies. You will undergo various phases of center operation training. You will serve as the initial contact with external and internal associates, of all levels. You will respond to inquiries from our Instructors. Screens office visitors, incoming calls and mail. Responds to routine correspondence, email and telephone inquiries, within scope of expertise. You will create and maintain files, Instructor and center information databases, contact lists and other data resources. Set up and maintains various contract files and processes (both paper and electronic) . Prepares and maintains confidential information and reports. Create fliers for various branch activities. Collects information for production of variety of documents including correspondence, reports, forms and mail merges to various parties, in an accurate and timely manner. Conduct special projects, as requested. These may include researching and collecting information and reporting findings; organizing special meetings or events; and developing procedures. These may also include requests to perform administrative or other work outside of standard work week. Other Duties and Responsibilities as assigned. Job Requirements : Bachelors Degree is required. Prior expereince is a plus! Demonstrated proficiency in the use of office software applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and other office applications) and various types of office equipment. Strong typing and secretarial skills Ability to work under tight deadlines. Strong written and verbal communications and interpersonal skills. Excellent organizational skills and ability to multi-task, prioritize, and follow through on assignments. Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with discretion. Ability to work independently. Must be flexible in terms of traveling as required for the position and during training. OTHER OPENINGS AT IOTA LEARNING You have some form errors. Please check below. Select Profile APPLY NOW. ITS FREE. Your form validation is successful! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Keyskills customer care events office equipment administrative correspondence organizing documents tracking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: IOTA LEARNING IOTA LEARNING Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details