TITLE: Opening for Hadoop Developers-product Development Client

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Convate...!! We have an opening for Hadoop specialists with a product development client into E-commerce/Retail domain. Please find the job description below and apply only if suitable with your current profile. Job Responsibilities Able to understand and predict the emergent behaviour of complex systems Evolve alerting strategies to ensure system stability and reliability is not compromised Ability to identify/ reason about the failure modes of the system designed Build Operational and Analytical Databases to store operations, system and application metrics Build User Interactive Dashboards to showcase digital metrics Leverage machine learning and statistics to measure and evolve service SLAs Job Description Proficiency with Hadoop v2, MapReduce, HDFS Good knowledge of Big Data querying tools, such as Pig, Hive, Scoop Experience with integration of data from multiple data sources Experience with NoSQL databases, such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB Knowledge of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Flume Experience with Tabluea, Kibana Experience with Big Data ML toolkits, such as Mahout, SparkML, or H2O Experience with Cloudera/MapR/Hortonworks Experience with building stream-processing systems, using solutions such as Storm or Spark-Streaming Candidates are to note that interviews happen on Weekdays only, if available for weekday interviews kindly apply. ** Looking for early joiners/Immediate joiners preferred. ** Best Regards, Sowrabha S Kashyap Assistant Recruitment Specialist CONVATE # 41, Airport Road, Murgeshpalya, Bangalore 560017 Above Spencers, Opp to Kemp fort. P: +91-80-40609694,M: 91 9035650627 Mail: ct14@convate.com Skype Id : convate.ct14 Web: http://www.convate.com Join us on: www.facebook.com/convate Continuous Innovation in Human Resources Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Hadoop v2 MapReduce HDFS Pig Hive Scoop HBase Cassandra MongoDB Tabluea Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Convate E-commerce/retail Convate is a leading Human Resource Consulting Organization. provide Staffing solutions and Consulting services in diverse Industry segments across Management functions. We Provide services for Fortune 500 and CMM level Companies. Been in the Permanent and contract staffing for the past 11 years. Our Clients are our partners: we act together to solve their immediate and long-term business goals. We listen to their unique situation and then we work to find a solution. (www.convate.com) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details