TITLE: Testing Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Directly participate (and where appropriate lead and group of engineers) in specific test related activities for all aspects of Testing (Functional, Non-Functional, Automation) of Network Management based software applications. This shall require a strong background in Test fundamentals, covering the areas of test design, documentation and implementation. Experience in customer interactions in regard to gathering customer driven use case and data in order to feed back to the engineering team, and in support of highlighted customer issues is highly important. Candidate should also be capable of contributing to the development of project goals, schedules, and resource planning, and in some cases taking responsibility for these specific tasks for one or more engineers. Require to contribute and execute to the defined Test Strategy for the product under test, defining new processes for the overall team, recommending updates to existing processes where optimization / improvements are possible and executing against previously defined processes as laid out in current committed test strategy. Apply knowledge of test domain and product to allow recommendations for tool usage and product improvements showing data to highlight benefits that can be achieved. Become active in the review and definition of product requirements prior to formal test execution to allow test input to be incorporated early within product development cycle helping to shape both product and test strategy. Capability to produce Functional and Non-Functional test plans, based on supplied Requirement data for the application under test. These should cover basic validation, customer driven use case and complex system level testing areas. Required to be able to take defined test cases and translate into formal automated test suites as defined within the overall test strategy for the product. Interact with and support activities of other teams in order to drive common goals both from a product and customer perspective. This shall include where required both on-site and remote support. Candidates should have a solid grounding in networking fundamentals, being proficient to CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) as a minimum. Skills & Expertise: Ability to widely apply standard software test principles, theories and field in conjunction with the approved test strategy for product development. Solid knowledge of the product domain in order to develop necessary test plans for features being developed, and to provide feedback to the Development team on additional requirements necessary to support requested features. Understand and show application of knowledge related to the product architecture and how this affects the testing processes for each new release. In addition, knowledge of competitor products and how these compare would also be beneficial. Ability to translate existing test plans and implement within an automated environment, including scripting, custom test tools and environmental monitoring systems. Desirable skills also include: Network fundamentals Familiarity with Unix / Linux Scripting Exposure and understanding of the Agile approach to Software Development Demonstrable understanding of current test methodologies / practices Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XIPHIAS Software Technologies Pvt Ltd XIPHIAS Software Technologies is one of the leading technology provider in India since 2005, offering a vast portfolio of innovative products and services in the hardware and software division. We take immense pride in our world-class quality products which undergo rigorous checks during the build to meet the requisite standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details