TITLE: Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this B.E. in Computer Science or equivalent technical degree from a reputed institution. Over 6 years of solid experience in building state-of-the-art enterprise applications is required. Previous experience and identifiable contributions to a scalable service-oriented architecture. Strong Java skills including use of JBOSS or Tomcat application containers. Must possess strong knowledge on SQL and ability to debug complex queries. Must have hands-on experience on one of the leading database platforms - Oracle. Demonstrated experience in the use and application of design patterns. Strong commitment to delivering well-structured, well-commented and test-driven code that is easy to maintain (by junior developers) Strong commitment to good engineering discipline and process including code reviews and delivering unit tests in conjunction with feature delivery Must possess in-depth technical and design expertise. Must demonstrate a sound understanding of performance, scalability, reliability and usability as related to enterprise applications. Must have a thorough understanding of software development processes including requirements gathering, analysis and design, development tools and technologies, release and version control, contemporary testing methodologies, and deployment management. Must possess excellent communication and teamwork skills. Strong presentation and facilitation skills are required. Must be adaptable to agile methodology work in a fast-paced environment. Must demonstrate positive attitude and flexibility towards tasks on hand. Team player with excellent communication and organizational skills. Self-starter that is results focused with the ability to work independently and in teams. Proven track record of producing high quality software against plans and schedules that are being met consistently Highly Desired Experience in One or More of the Following Areas: Strong mathematics and algorithm background. Production experience with Map-reduce programming, Hadoop, and Hive. Implementation experience with NoSQL databases such as Cassandra or MongoDB. Prior use of Atlassian Jira, GreenHopper, and Confluence. Familiarity and experience with agile (scrum) development process. Experience working within a distributed engineering team (Bangalore & San Jose, USA). Proven track record of identifying and championing new technologies that enhance the end-user experience, software quality, and developer productivity. Experience in both small and large companies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Senior Software Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XACTLY CORP Xactly Corp. is the market leader in on-demand sales performance management. The companys SPM Suite of products, enables sales and finance executives to design, implement, manage, audit and optimize sales compensation management programs easily and affordably. Xactlys solutions automate the process of aggregating data from disparate systems into a secure, hosted repository, and enable companies to leverage this business data, which is the lifeblood of sales performance management. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details