TITLE: Sr.ios Phone engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Â Â Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt Ltd. is a Private Limited Company. "Technology & Service at your Reach"- That is more than just a slogan at 'Taurus'.It's how we do business day after day. Our company is based on a philosophy that technology and service was invented to make life easier. We are a dedicated Hardware and Software Solutions Provider, providing complete solutions to Research & Development Organizations, Defence, Government, Educational Institutions & Corporate. Taurus can be broadly classified as an Independent Hardware Vendor (I & Independent Software Vendor Job Description Experience - 2- 4 years Skills - Expert in iPhone application development. - Experience utilizing APIs for building native mobile applications - Experience developing and implementing user interfaces for cross- platform mobile environments - Hands on experience Objective c. - Strong hold on Design Patterns. - Requires knowledge of PHP, Java, JavaScript, CSS, XML, XAML, HTML, XHTML, DHTML, AJAX, REST - Strong analytical, problem solving, multitasking, and time management skills with consistent attention to detail - Ability to effectively learn and use new programming concepts, tools, and methodologies to support the needs of the business - Ability to read, interpret specifications, and perform tasks with a high level of competency and autonomy - Ability to effectively communicate technical issues and solutions - Knowledge in agile development teams a plus Qualifications B TECH / MCA /BCAÂ Additional Information IT IS AN URGENT REQUIREMENT . Those who are serving the notice period can apply . I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java php javascript xml ajax mca design patterns dhtml application development objective c Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Taurus Hard Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details