TITLE: Senior Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Perform software development and maintenance functions for an extremely high transaction rate application. Partner in a team environment but also be able to independently design, develop, code, test and debug new software or make significant enhancements to existing software. Design and develop secure, scalable, and fault tolerant solutions across a distributed architecture. Duties and Responsibilities Interpret written business requirements and technical specification documents. Perform coding to written technical specifications. Investigate, analyze and document reported defects. Perform maintenance programming and correction of identified defects. Performs related duties as assigned Skills / Attributes Required Java Programming experience Programming experience in Core Java, J2EE ,EJB, JSP, XML, MySQL, JavaScript, Spring, JSF, Hibernate, Tomcat Knowledge of web services, Jboss application server Knowledge of database architecture and design Ability to interpret written requirements and technical specification documents. Ability to code software according to published standards and design guidelines. Flexible attitude, ability to perform under pressure. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript xml mysql hibernate core java jsp ejb software development tomcat jsf Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ample Softwares Pvt Ltd We are an innovative IT solutions company committed in providing high quality and professional solutions. We have both experience and contacts in a wide variety of sectors from Public Sector Organizations to smaller local businesses and we have the ability to deliver real time solutions for all type of businesses. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details