TITLE: brand manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brand Manager Banglore Liquor Liquor Industry 10 - 12 Lacs PA Focus consultancy Services, Placement Services in Ahmednagar, job in Ahmednagar, Manpower Supplier Ahmednagar. Sourcing , Placement, Sourcing / Placement, Managed Recruitment Current Job Opening. . . Company Profile : We have very lucrative opening matching to your profile as Brand Manager with well known liquor base company of India. Job Title: Job Location: Salary: 10, 00, 000 to 12, 00, 000/- PA Reporting to: Language Competency: Profile: Understanding and developing the brand architecture Packaging development Consumer research Brand commercials and profitability Should be an amiable good team player, with extremely good analytical skills Needs to possess a high degree of proficiency in Microsoft excel and power point Identifying marketing opportunities and to develop relevant support platforms in terms of various marketing activities, collateral, sales promotion and events. To Develop Promotional Strategies for the Brand awareness, Brand Development and Sales Promotion Brand promotion through Events, sponsorship, cross promotional tie- ups, Exhibitions, advertisement etc as per requirement. Co- ordinate with vendors for timely delivery of the marketing collateral. Liaise with internal departments for product, marketing, financial legal compliance. Execution of Marketing and promotional activities across regions/branches. Help in the product development through regular feedback from the market Tracking all the Brand related expenditures v/s the SBP Budgets Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills recruitment sales promotion events product development product marketing advertisement sourcing exhibitions pa co Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Focus Consultancy Services Focus Consultancy Services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details