TITLE: Sr.Manager, Software Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Senior Manager, Customer Engineering, Associate Publisher Network Amazon.com and its subsidiaries are leaders in the online retail industry, enabling customers WW to purchase millions of unique items. As Amazon.com seeks to increase its presence in many countries with different customer behaviors, one of our biggest challenges is to increase the awareness of our product selection and price to customers, and to make us the premier online shopping company. The Advertising team in Amazon has the charter of marketing our products to drive traffic to Amazon.com and increase sales. We are also responsible for increasing the monetization of our Publishers by having Amazon and non- Amazon ads and product references on their sites. The Associate Publisher Network provides easy to use tools for publishers to create these visually appealing ads on their sites and contextually link- up their pages, making it incredibly easy for their customers to discover and consume products on the Amazon store and elsewhere, thereby monetizing their traffic better. The Associate Central portal is used worldwide and is a single stop dashboard for our publishers to create, visualize and enhance their ad business across device categories. Powering all these offerings are our Publisher Platform Systems which consist of technologies and platforms for Tracking, Data Analytics, Payments Computation and Disbursement and Fraud Detection and Prevention. We are looking for a seasoned technology leader to head our Customer Engineering group which is responsible for our ad products and portal. As the leader of this group, you will be responsible for: i. Understanding the business needs, our product offerings and identify common needs, patterns in problems which can be solved efficiently to launch products providing best- in- class consumer experience products to the market quickly. You will work closely with product/program management, marketing and site merchandising, and company leaders to enable product teams to successfully go from early- stage product concepts to launch. You must be responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open, fast- paced collaborative environment. ii. Driving the next set of features that need to be built out on our ad platform that will bring more revenue to Amazon. Your work will include doing research on existing advertising products, portals, analyzing data on traffic patterns, feature gap analysis, prioritizing features in an incremental way. iii. You will also be responsible for ensuring sanity of architecture, operational excellence and quality, delivering results on time and working with other software teams in order for the feature to launch. You will be responsible for clarifying use cases, requirements and milestones. iv. You will be responsible for mentoring and managing a highly skilled set of SDMs and SDEs, and in providing them career growth opportunities. We are looking for talented seasoned managers who enjoy defining new platforms and products, coming up with creative algorithms, helping build large scale systems, drive business initiatives and thrive in a fast paced fun environment. Having prior leadership in building platforms and consumer facing products, experience in managing fairly large sized engineering organizations is a must and experience in the online industry is a great plus. Qualifications 15 years of relevant work experience in Software Development. 7 years of software management and a proven ability to translate customer needs into business and product requirements. Proven analytical and quantitative skills ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop project business cases and deciding the right priority. Proven ability to architect large scale systems. High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications. Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. Ability to understand and discuss technical concepts, schedule tradeoffs and opportunistic new ideas with technical employees. Should be able to think strategically and execute methodically and tactically. Superior verbal and written communications skills. Ability to work in a fast- paced environment where continuous innovation is desired. Composed, poised and professional demeanor. History of teamwork and willingness to roll up ones sleeves to get the job done. Amazon.com offers competitive salary, stock grants, health and other benefits. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills merchandising tools analytical portal payments software development iv tracking dashboard Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Basic Qualifications