TITLE: Senior Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Responsible for generating sales for our portfolio of Multi-channel marketing, CRM, Loyalty, Personalization and Recommendation and Digital Communication products, solutions and services. Accountable for achieving Revenue targets in specified target markets. Identify, Develop, Nurture, and Qualify sales opportunities in the target markets and close them to sales Closely interact with the stakeholders and decision makers in the client organization and present a compelling need for our products, solutions and services. Work with our internal presales, solution team, and stakeholders to provide a compelling solution to clients and interacting with clients during the entire sales cycle. Work alongside Account Mangement to enable Cross sell, Upsell opportunities withinÂ existing accountsÂ Job Location: Bangalore Vacancies: Multiple Desired Skills and Expertise: Possess strong experience in Sales/Sales management, primarily selling marketing technology products inside and outside of India. It is a pre-requisite that the successful candidate would have deep expertise of selling technology solutions to Heads of Marketing and Technology in the client companies. Demonstrable experience in sales strategy,Â businessÂ growth through NewÂ BusinessÂ and Account Hunting, Account Management and Farming Possess demonstrated capability of building strong relationships with C-level executives Experience of working with geographically diverse/distributed teams will be a plus. You have the perseverance, persistence and an inherent ability to take NO for an answer (several times a Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Senior Business Development Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kenscio Digital Marketing Pvt Ltd Kenscio is a strategic digital marketing company that offers leading edge digital direct marketing solutions and services tailor made to suit clients specific requirements. Started with Email Marketing, Kenscio has evolved through multiple success stories and is now a full-fledged 360 degree digital marketing company. Since its inception in 2009, Kenscio has steadily grown and has positioned itself as one of the direct marketing industry leaders in India. With a mission to bring together leading technological solutions and innovative ideas to help its clients acquire, Interact, engage and converse with their audience, Kenscio has developed strategic global delivery network to cater to business and enterprises across the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details