TITLE: Residential Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description GOLDEN HUMAN RESOURCE PVT.LTD:- Golden Human Resource Private Limited is a Mumbai based HR support services company. Our Business offerings are : 1. Permanent Recruitment Services 2. Payroll Outsource 3. Statutory Compliance 4. Legal Outsourcing / Advisory 5. Training and Development We understand that every candidate's career needs are different, so as are right fitment necessary for our clients. With the experienced team at the service we analyze the gaps and opportunities at both ends and provide win-win solutions for our candidates and our clients. Whether you are a client looking for right person fitment in your organisation or you are a candidate looking for opportunity that matches your skill set and helps you rise in your career.... You can be assured with personalized and dedicated services we have to offer. Job Description Location :- Bangalore Industry :- Real Estate Experience :- 1 to 4 yrs Position :- Residential Sales Job Description: ? Understand the customer requirements and convince the customer by providing the complete information of the suitable/available properties. ? Take the prospective buyers to property (location)and close the deal ? Be in the project site and provide the complete information of the project to the customers visit the site ? Develop business plans and sales strategies, prepare action plan for effective lead management and sales execution Requirements: ? Candidate should be having broad knowledge of Bangalore city and ready to travel across Bangalore ? Should be capable of get trained quickly on using the in house CRM software ? Should have good communication and presentation skills ? An understanding of both local and national real estate markets ? A proven ability to build strong client relationships and maintain an excellent customer focus Education: Minimum Graduation (B.Com& BBM preferred) / PG in Marketing (PG is not mandatory) Experience: 1-4 years of real estate sales experience (Preferably from IPC) Candidate working with a Builder or home loan sales division of any bank and passionate to work with a real estate company will also be suitable. Functional Area: Sales & Marketing team Those are interested in it then send me your latest updated resume in word format. Thanks & Regards :- Himani Sharma Assistant Manager - Recruitment Golden HR PVt.Ltd Malad,Mumbai Qualifications Experience :- 1 to 4 years Additional Information Location :- Malad (Mumbai ) I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills real estate service recruitment crm human resource travel payroll ipc bbm passionate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Golden Human Resource Pvt.Ltd Golden Human Resource Pvt.Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details