TITLE: Web / UI Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: The candidate will be responsible for Delivery of high quality web components in line with business needs and timescales. A team player and good communicator! Must be intuitive and be able to recommend improvements that can be made to the existing portals, application and software. Desired Skills & Experience: 1. Experience as a Sr. /UI Designer for complex, information based websites. 2. Experience of working in a user focused design environment with Usability aspects in mind along with a blend of user experience 3. A good understanding of web production processes, including content management systems, HTML and CSS 4. Minimum experience of 2 years in web page design and creative with an artistic bent of mind, with good English vocabulary. 5. Excellent planning and organizational skills. 6. Must be able to understand client briefs, concept and put that into design. Ability to understand wireframes and generate creative concepts. 7. Must understand Photoshop, Corel draw, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, Flash to use these and backbone of his/her designing concepts. 8. Must have an eye for detail, should be able to work independently. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Web Designer Keyskills photoshop html dreamweaver corel draw illustrator javascript jquery usability english ui designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Software Labz Software Labz, is a web designing company that stands for delivering quality, vibrant and cost effective web design solutions for its clients. . . . being major corporate;s or small businesses. Our web design expertise has expanded to cover all major styles and all work is guaranteed 100% that you love the initial design before going live or we do it again. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details