TITLE: Delphi subcon profiles.

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Antal International Ltd Â is an international recruitment company which network comprises 132 offices in 32 countries. The head office is based in London, The United Kingdom. The company offers international recruitment services including retained executive search and selection, contingent recruitment in permanent, interim and contract / temporary staffing. [ 1 ] Â One of the key products of Antal International is a regular research on hiring and firing trends in job markets around the world Job Description Hi Â Antal International Ltd is an international recruitment company which network comprises 132 offices in 32 countries. The head office is based in London, The United Kingdom. The company offers international recruitment services including retained executive search and selection, contingent recruitment in permanent, interim and contract / temporary staffing.[1] One of the key products of Antal International is a regular research on hiring and firing trends in job markets around the world Antal Global Snapshot. Â Delphi subcon profiles. Â Exp level 4+ yrs & work location is Bangalore. We need Delphi (preferably with retail domain) . Its only strong Developers with good communication skill Â Client: Tech M Location : Bangalore. Â Current CTC Expected CTC Total IT Exp Relevant Exp Current Location Preferred Location Period Notice Contact No Email id Qualification Year of passing Date of Birth Current Company Mode of employment in the Current company Reason for Change Passport No. Passport Validity Req Skill Details Main Skills Sub skills Thanks and Regards, Sunil K.Y Research Associate Antal International Network Mobile: +91 8147138928 Tel: +91 80- 500- 60- 900 Indira Nagar, BangaloreÂ Karnataka. Who's hiring Who's firing Â Take part in the 16thÂ Edition of the Antal Global Snapshot, Â a research on the recruitment trends across key markets and industries 20 YearsÂ Â lÂ 4Â ContinentsÂ Â Â lÂ 1 VisionÂ Â Â Â Â WinnerÂ 2013 Global Recruiter Best UK Overseas OperationÂ WinnerÂ 2012 APSCo Awards for Excellence - International Recruitment Company of the Year WinnerÂ 2012 Recruiter Awards for Excellence - Best International Recruitment Firm Qualifications Any Degree All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills staffing research associate passport delphi international company research current Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ANZU TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED ANZU TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details