TITLE: Solution architecture

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should have architected large enterprise level solutions, providing leadership to a technical team. Strong knowledge of software engineering concepts and ability to address technical risks. Proficiency in addressing NFR challenges for large and complex systems. Good knowledge of Java and/or Microsoft and/or mainframe technologies. Experience with specialized niche technologies/tools used for business applications. Capability to address technology challenges faced by the team. Ability to define patterns and frameworks for usage of new technologies. Thorough understanding of software development lifecycle. Ability to architect solutions within the objectives and parameters defined at the enterprise level. Has broad business knowledge across multiple segments. Deep business knowledge in more than one business domain. Banking domain knowledge will be an advantage. Proficient in business modelling methods/notations and requirements analysis. Has knowledge of PM Deliverables across the whole SDLC. Has provided project advice and direction around deployment, release strategy etc. Has provided effort estimates and change impact assessment Has identified and knows key stakeholders and their expectations at project commencement. Have lead meetings with stakeholders and managed stakeholder expectations. Have negotiated changes in expectations. Have influenced decisions with key business stakeholders on project direction. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills solution architecture pm mainframe microsoft tools knowledge business software engineering methods sdlc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bangalore Software Services Pvt Ltd. Bangalore Software Services Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details