TITLE: Senior Lead Signal processing

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a leader in test and measurement solutions, you'll benefit from working on advanced technologies to enable our customers bring their product to market. Just as meaningful, Tektronix offers you a comprehensive employee benefits package that allows you to choose what is right for you. It's just our way of honoring and rewarding our invaluable employees for doing what they do. After all, without them, we couldn't do what we do. Join us today, right here at Tektronix. Job Responsibilities Involve in the definition and design of product/processes. Interact effectively with representatives of the customers, to develop product/process definition. Understand the new technologies in the Computer industry, particularly high speed serial standards Accurately identifies technical risks and generates alternatives/recommendations to remove risk. Analyze the customer problems and provide innovative signal processing based algorithms. Implement measurements/algorithms using DSP techniques with high quality. Implement measurements using C/C /C# programming language. Participates in technology standard bodies and contributes to standards development Develop testing strategy for testing algorithms developed. Responsible for managing all technical documentation required in the software development process, including algorithm pseudo code, software requirements specifications, software design descriptions, verification and validation plans, and other items as required. Able to handle requirements changes. Review the implementation of the work done by the peers. Review test plans for each level of software verification, including unit tests, functional tests, integration tests, and system tests and aligns with software requirements Provide engineering information to the Technical documentation team. Suggests new approaches to work (e. g. Process Improvement) Tektronix is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills software development product development verification algorithms matlab software design modeling technical documentation digital signal processing signal processing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Requirements Graduate/Post graduate in Electronics & Communication, Electrical & Electronics engineering or Instrumentation Technology. 8- 10 years of the professional experience and 3- 5 years of experience as Technical Leader in Signal Processing. Well versed with algorithm development using digital signal processing techniques. Should have experience in modeling via Matlab Should have worked on C / C /C# for 3- 5 years Awareness of the high speed serial data standards / domain (test and measurement) is an added advantage Product development experience is essential. May have credit for patents, trade secrets, and/or disclosures and/or May have articles/papers published in trade/technical journals Tektronix is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with less education/experience may be considered for other opportunities. How to Apply: Apply online. Company Profile: Portescap (Danaher) Portescap (Danaher) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details