TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: This position is responsible for preparing MIS of Customer Queries, client response and growing business with end clients. Client activities include end scheduling client development meeting sales objectives, obtaining requisitions / job orders, building relationships and penetrating client accounts. 1. Daily responsibilities include preparing MIS of customer enquiry, consistently prospecting, pursuing, and closing new business. Developing prospect lists and executing pre-determined targeted sales to generate new business including cold calls, proactively seek new avenues to penetrate clients and attract prospects, and marketing top candidates to clients. 2. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Ability to sell to various levels of management. Ability to prospect new clients and maintain relationships. Proven track record of achieving and surpassing targets. Team player and entrepreneurial drive to succeed. 3. We are looking for someone who is looking for aggressive growth. We will provide all the support to be successful in the job. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XIPHIAS Software Technologies Pvt Ltd XIPHIAS Software Technologies is one of the leading technology provider in India since 2005, offering a vast portfolio of innovative products and services in the hardware and software division. We take immense pride in our world-class quality products which undergo rigorous checks during the build to meet the requisite standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details