TITLE: Telemarketing /Telesales executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Generation and development of qualified leads for the sales team.Primarily handling outbound telemarketing, coordinating with email and mailing efforts across all sales channels.Fix daily appointment for sales executivesWorking with the prospect database to develop prospects into qualified leads, coordinating with sales activities.Assisting in Marketing for event follow-up and mail campaigns and build database.Developing and maintaining the required knowledge of the company and its services to identify customer needs and maximize the opportunity.Recording and updating new information such as email addresses and contact details into the marketing data bases Desired Profile Ability to sell concepts / software and marketing services Good communication skill in English (Good command over Hindi & Tamil will be considered as added advantage) Pleasing voice and tele phone etiquette Required Skills: Knowledge of MS Office and computer is must Should have good knowledge of internet and how to use internet. Immediate joining Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Telemarketing Telesales executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Anvita Tours2Health Pvt. Ltd Tours2Health is an internationally leading brand in Medical Tourism. We are India\'s largest medical tourism facilitator and only the online marketing consultant for healthcare with a proven track record of 100 plus successful campaigns to our credit. These have gained us the goodwill and trust of associated doctors, clinics and hospitals spread across India. We have created and promoted extensive patient education guides to treatments and procedures that patients can do in India, cost estimates from treatment providers on these along with destination guides, forums, reviews and much more. Thus, Tours2Health is not an agency giving patient bookings and charging per patient commission from our medical partners. Instead, we market your services to potential patients across the globe, within India and locally. We send patient inquiries/referrals instantly to you. As you are the experts within your area especially in regards to clinical details, we believe that the patient correspondence regarding treatment and procedures should be handled directly by you and not by a middle man. Patient inquiry handling by middlemen considerably slow down process, reduces trust and transparency and ultimately results in a very low conversion ratio . Through our years of operation, we have found that patients feel much more comfortable when communicating directly with the hospital/clinic/doctor and are willing to disclose many details regarding their medical condition only to the treating doctor or hospital. We have through our analysis realized that the patient and medical center satisfaction is higher when the patients directly interact and decide on the center for treatment and the treatment procedure is explained directly by those who are the providers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details