TITLE: Director- Machine Learning

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The ideal candidate will demonstrate in cutting edge research organization and will apply the highest level of technical competence, analytics and problem solving abilities in support of original and creative scientific projects of significant business impact. A PhD in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Information Systems or related disciplines with sound technical expertise in one or more of the above mentioned areas. Demonstrated ability to formulate scientifically challenging problems and develop and implement novel solutions. Strong track record of publications, excellent written and oral communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills analytics data mining machine learning computer science problem solving abilities track technical communication skills solutions research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RINALYTICS ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Rinalytics is a specialized executive search and executive research firm focused exclusively on Analytics and Risk Management leadership talent hiring cutting across the industry sectors.We do one thing, and we do it really well. We serve ourselves as "Your Chief Analytics Talent Advisor" to our clients. Our clients can leverage us to do a thoroughbred research on current analytics ecosystem, hire interim management gurus, industry veterans to validate analytics strategy, get you to partner with best of B-Schools for demand based curriculum inclusion and more. We simply cater to anything remotely related to analytics that gives our client the edge on strategic talent acquisition and execution of analytics based projects. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details