TITLE: Senior Manager - HR Generalist - IT

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills Required : Generalist, Employee Engagement, HR, Learning & Development, C&B - Candidate should be from IT services / Software services / IT product (Tier 1 Companies) Responsibilities : - The role will be accountable to build and execute People strategy for the organization, helping the organization to build a high performing people function. - Involvement in Development & implementation of capability building, organization design, talent management and change management to address the current & future business challenges & opportunities. - The role will help in ideating and implementing various HR policies, plan and initiatives, including employee engagement, learning and development, performance management, rewards and recognition, C&B and Compliances. - Lead HR operations for the company. - Individual will engage and consult with HR business leader to enable and impact business success through people function. - Build a learning culture to help up skill the resources to take up newer and larger roles. - Analyzes data and documentation to evaluate and influence employees and management regarding employee relations. - Contributes to development of company objectives and principles to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. - Leverages foundational organization capability principles and/or design components to improve individual, group and organizational functioning. - Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. - Aids in the development of an organization's culture consistent with strategic direction, business imperatives, and values and ethics. - Supports the transformation of the Business HR organization into a strategic learning organization. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills HR Generalist Activities Employee Engagement Business HR HR Operations Employee Relations Performance Management Talent Management HR Policies Rewards Recognition Desired Candidate Profile Ideal Candidate :- A successful candidate would have had strategic and business partnering exposure, supporting senior leadership in the business and experience in working across cross functional teams.- Should have 12 years of relevant post qualification experience. Preferred MBA or equivalent degree from Tier I/II Colleges.- Team Management and building experience.- Able to energize and inspire others to commit to and take action on business priorities.- The candidate can be considered for a Senior Manager role if the candidate is in a managerial role for the last 3 years.- Quick to learn, Problem- Solving, Proactive Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Premium-Jobs Client of Staffio HR Leading Client of Staffio HR. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details