TITLE: System Engineer / Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities Provide project coordination at the site Should be working with 2-3 electricians to guide Home Automation conduit, cabling, installation & commissioning Should be well versed in written as verbal communication Knowledge of Kannada, Tamil or Telgu is a big plus Should able to understand autocad drawings and instruct electricians accordingly Should be a good team player, as the work demands to work with technicians, test engineers, auto-cad designers Willing to work on Weekend Shifts on routine basis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:RF Engineer Keyskills System Engineer Support Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Silvan Innovation Labs Pvt Ltd The idea of Silvan sparked in 2008 in the midst of the economic meltdown. It was then that the founders realised that despite the financial downturn, one thing would never change the need to feel secure.Silvans founders started the company with a view to make peoples lives safer and more secure. They kick-started their operations in Bangalore with a simple yet effective solution Internet Protocol (IP) cameras with built-in intelligence to detect events automatically. As the business started to take its own shape, Silvan expanded its scope by entering into the sphere of home automation based on contemporary technologies such as cloud services and the Internet of Things.Ubiquitous access to the home automation system from the smart phone was first on the list of priorities for Silvans founders. They were keen on creating a generation of new-age automation where smart phones could be used to control all the appliances and devices in a house. The focus was also on being a complete solutions company rather than being just a product company. Silvans objective is simple to cater to an evolving Indian lifestyle, which demands a fresh approach, wherein a modern and traditional way of life can co-exist.Silvans solutions for home automation has been welcomed by several big players in the field of housing Sobha, Brigade, Nambiar Builders, Total Environment, Tata Housing, and Lodha to name a few.Spurred on by the magnitude of success the company has achieved in home automation in the Indian market, Silvan is now looking to expand into other geographies. It is also working on new products that would increase its footprint amongst the consumers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details