TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description Looking for a senior frontend developer with expert level knowledge of HTML / HTML5, CSS, JavaScript & JQuery. The individual will be responsible for UI design and Frontend development of our industry leading security software products, implement new features in our current applications. Working knowledge on Java, J2EE based technologies is desirable. Responsibili ties Work with onsite and off shore teams and act as point of contact for one or more projects. Developing and maintaining Javascript framework for the application Developing and maintaining HTML5, CSS, Javascript, and JQuery scripting for the application and handling all cross browser compatibility issues Desired Skills & Experience At least four years of professional work experience as a web developer Expert knowledge in HTML5, JavaScript and JQuery Expert knowledge in HTML5 / CSS , including HTML5 and CSS3 Advanced understanding of front-end optimization techniques and cross-browser compatibility Good to have :Experience with any of the Javascript framework JavaScript MVC, Angularjs, Bootstrap, Backbone, Underscore or the like Good to have: Experience with any javascript unit testing and documentation framework. Experience using Java, SQL is an advantage. Understanding of software development lifecycle and exposure to AGILE and SCRUM methodologies. Strong analytical and problem solving skills Self-starter with excellent interpersonal, motivational, and facilitation skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills UI Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zaakpay Zaakpay is a payments company based in New Delhi & Bangalore. Our aim is to solve the payment pain points for eCommerce in India. Our first product Webpay, a credit & debit card processing product has just released. In terms of product, we are still at the foundation level and our aspiration is to build a skyscraper. So there is a lot of new product that needs to be built bottoms up. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details