TITLE: Software Engineer - Mobile Application Development

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The responsibility of the mobile IOS Developer is to provide technology solutions for projects and daily support. The developer ensures adherence to current standards and maintains a commitment to high quality development and implementations. This individual will provide technology expertise and guidance , remaining current with emerging technologies and industry best practices. Responsibilities Consistently demonstrate Limited Brands enterprise and functional competencies. Execute for Results Innovate and Reinvent Collaborate Be Fast & Agile Mobile initiatives (enhancements or project): (not all inclusive) The mobile developer will be required to design , develop , test , document , deploy , support and sustain the mobile apps--iPhone , iPad , interface and libraries. Collaborate with UX for product definition and use cases Assist with defining technical and functional user stories Customer Interaction skills: (not all inclusive) Ability to explain technical aspects of a solution to a non-technical audience Prepare and communicate status , issues , and opportunities to the business. Builds and maintains strong partnership with internal and external customers. Qualifications Cross functional development with iOS is desired. Experience and understanding of one or more major relational database management system. Strong mobile UI design and implementation experience , including prototyping Experience and passion to work in a fast paced Agile environment , delivering functional features in small time durations Strong in depth knowledge in iOS SDK , device APIs , objective C Expertise in integrating with various back end services Expertise in developing custom widgets with flexibility and reusability in mind Expertise in Publishing mobile applications to Apple app stores Good knowledge of XCode , Titanium , PhoneGap , Sencha , Xamarine or other tools is a plus Expertise in app memory management , multithreading , networking & Security Expertise in developing responsive UI for mobile devices Skill Level Total of 4 to7 yearsrsquo experience in Mobile application development. Minimum 3 yearsrsquo experience in native mobile application development (iPhone , iPad ,) Minimum 1 yearsrsquo experience in of published examples of mobile applications on the App store Minimum 2 yearsrsquo experience in or familiar with iOS SDK Bachelorrsquos degree in Information Technology , Computer Science , or Management Information Systems or equivalent combination of relevant experience and education Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills networking stores publishing tools information technology customer interaction iphone computer science objective c standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: L BRANDS At L Brands, we are guided in our work and our interactions with others by four core principles our values. These are the same beliefs that have made us successful since our start in 1963. They are: The Customer Rules! Everything we do must begin and end with an insatiable drive to anticipate and fulfill our customers desires. Passion Leads to Success. We pursue excellence because we are emotionally, intellectually and spiritually engaged in our work ... and that makes our talents formidable and our results extraordinary. Inclusion Makes Us Stronger. We cherish our diversity because embracing others thoughts, experiences, hopes and dreams makes our own more complete and connects us to our customers. Read more about inclusion at L Brands. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details