TITLE: AREA SALES MANAGER

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Appoint Distributors & Retailers Network. Implement channel management strategies for expansion and retention of distributor base to achieve the targeted network expansion norms Market Visits: Understand market by regular market visit to ensure and improve product visibility and confidence. Monitor inventory levels to avoid situations of stock excess and stock-outs Competition Tracking & Sales Promotion Strategy: Propose Media Plans and Market Research through competition tracking, sales promotion strategy. Responsible to track competitor promotion and marketing activities and provide inputs to the marketing team to develop branch specific marketing strategy. Event Management / Exhibitions / Activations / Sponsorships. Execute brand campaigns, event sponsorships, dealer meets as per plan received from marketing team. Team Performance Review & Training Regular tracking and analysis of teamrsquos performance. Counsel, Develop team & groom potentially high performers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills market research sales promotion event management marketing strategy retention exhibitions tracking performance review channel management media plans Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KRUPA HI-TECH GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Krupa Hi-Tech was established with the firm aim of helping people take advantage of the vast leaps that information technology and communications had made in the recent past. We endeavour to enhance and improve the quality of life of the public, in a way that is unprecedented till date, with the help of the latest in telecommunications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details