TITLE: Learning & Development Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities : Role: This position will be located in Bangalore or Mysore and reports in to the Head - HR (India). The Manager - Learning & Development will create and implement talent and competency development interventions/programs designed to enhance competencies in specific areas that will have a direct/indirect impact on business and growth. This position will drive creating and executing technical, behavioral and leadership development programs and OD interventions. He / She is responsible for partnering with internal customers and key stakeholders to diagnose elements of organizational behavior that effect individual and /or group performance from a bottom-line business perspective, and then leading the design, development, and facilitation of effective interventions aimed at closing identified individual, team and organization wide performance gaps across all levels of the organization. He / She will work with SMEs, external facilitators/consultants to deliver learning interventions. He / She will manage a team consisting of e-learning specialists, training coordinators to build and provide an effective platform for learning interventions on multiple tracks as required for organizational effectiveness. He / She will work with key stakeholders in creating a Learning Organization culture. He / She will work with the LMS technical team for continuous availability of the portal and its contents across AG Global. He / She will be responsible for ensuring complete conformance to ISO and Customer audits for Training/Learning/Competency Development function. Responsibilities : Partner with the Business and HR leaders to identify competency areas that directly impact bottom line and enhance top line and build learning modules and assessment mechanisms. Provide high impact Learning and Leadership interventions across learning tracks through various learning media like classroom, self-learning/e-learning, team building, outbound, on-the-job training, knowledge portal etc. Provide support in creating and maintaining Competency Framework by working closely with the Competency Core Team and Talent Management Head. Build a library of content/courses that would help to enhance multiple levels of all critical competencies across all competency tracks that can be used to deliver learning programs by SMEs, Technical Team Leads and Functional Specialists. Effectively work with internal and external trainers to optimize training cost and delivery. Lead the design, development and execution of current and future technical, Leadership and Professional Development programs (including Principles of Leadership, level specific learning, Professional Development, and innovative on-line, virtual and/or social learning programs). Design and implement required course changes as deemed necessary through needs assessments or organizational changes - continuously improve on content and methodology of learning delivery, assessment etc. Support and implement technology platforms, programs and initiatives, including learning management systems and on-line/social learning programs Facilitate team building workshops as and when required by HR Business Partners for their business groups. Continuously stay on top of new and developing trends in Learning and Leadership Development (e. g. , Leadership, Social/Blended Learning, Training & Development, Social Collaboration Technology, TMS/LMS systems). Create and track appropriate evaluation tools, metrics and statistics on the results and organizational impact of all Learning and Development initiatives. Develop and manage administrative tasks related to the annual L&D budget. Ensure complete conformance to ISO as well as Customer audits of Training/Learning/Competency Development function. Education Graduation in Engineering preferable Post Graduate or PG Diploma in Management or Human Resources Additional Professional Trainings and Certifications in Learning/OD areas preferable Experience : 10 years of experience in L&D and OD, of which 5-7 years should have been in IT/Software Development Companies. A global exposure to L&D and OD preferred. Should have been in supervisory capacity for at least 3 years, managing team of L&D staff, facilitators, content developers. Competencies / Skills : Knowledge of Adult Learning methods and Learning Organizations. Track record of designing and delivering interventions / training programs in the behavioral and at least first level supervisory/leadership intervention / program. Experience with multi-modal learning methodologies including eLearning development. Experience in Training Needs Analysis for all Learning tracks viz. , Technical, Domain, Process apart from Behavioral and Leadership tracks. Experience in Managing Training Process across training tracks viz. , Technical, Process, Domain etc mandatory. Experience in Learning Assessment Methods and tracking Learning effectiveness. Experience in organizing Learning Delivery across Instructor Lead, e-Learning, Webinars, Technical Forums etc. Strong client relationship management skills and ability to effectively work with all levels. Strong vendor relationship skills and ability to identify right vendors for programs and work with them to get appropriate content delivered and measure learning effectiveness. Ability to see the big picture but also work within the details when executing interventions. Ability to manage Learning & Development function end to end right from need analysis, organizing, conducting, tracking etc. Experience in designing Competency Frameworks desirable. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and to manage multiple priorities. Strong data analysis and interpretation skills (ability to translate data into conclusions). Excellent verbal and written skills. Fast and motivated learner. Excellent PowerPoint skills- ability to develop graphically appealing and compelling presentations Personal Traits: Friendly and people-oriented Customer focus and Collaboration Initiative and commitment Attention for detail Problem Solving Professional, ethical and values driven Strong work ethic Excellent influencing skills Team Worker Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Training Manager Keyskills development outbound diploma e learning tools team building portal data analysis software development iso Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Aris Global Software Pvt Ltd Website http://www. arisglobal. com/ Industry Technology (IT, Telecom, Dot Com etc) (Software Consulting, Software Services Companies) Company Turnover 100 - 500 Crores Company Size 501 - 1000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details