TITLE: Line Producer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Working with a project's director, line producers hire the support team like assistants to the core team and monitor how much money has been sent and how much funding remains available, according to the budget. Line producers also help manage the team to ensure the project is completed on-schedule. Line producers should give periodic reports to theÂ producer who may be working on numerous projects. Line producers generally only work on one project at a time. Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel. Must be proactive, great at troubleshooting and work well under pressure. Coordinate the activities of directors, managers, and other personnel throughout the production process. Monitor post-production processes in order to ensure accurate completion of all details. Serve as the primary point of contact for clients and agencies. Perform management activities such as budgeting, scheduling, planning. Determine production size, content and budget, establishing details such as production schedules and management policies Conduct meetings with staff to discuss production progress and to ensure production objectives are attained. Write and submit proposals to bid on contracts for projects. Superior ability to plan ahead, anticipate pitfalls and formulate & implement contingency plans. High Level management of a production schedule, cost reports and internal and external communication. Able to manage a crew from 50 to 100 people. Ability to delegate work to production coordinators Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Line Producer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xentrix Studios Xentrix Studios in Bangalore India Asia provides world class CG animation studio services for Hollywood studios in Los Angeles United States for TV film, ... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details