TITLE: Sr. Instructional Designer/Trainer designs-SME

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements : * 8 to 10 years in instructional design and delivery including special skills with distance learning tools, and special knowledge of technology, industry or language. * 4 years in distance learning design and delivery * Strongly prefer Masterrsquos or Graduate certificate in instructional design, education/training or business. * Strong instructional design skill and understanding of adult learner and training methodologies * Strong working knowledge of all MS products, Captivate, and/or comparable web-based development and presentation tools (Articulate, Centra, Flash) * Excellent written and oral communication skills * Demonstrated knowledge of project management principles and processes including creation of business case, statistical and analytical data, project plans and deliverables * Take charge of special projects including quarterly and end of year reporting proposed by Director/Manager and deliver on-time results * Proven experience leading teams or supervising employees * Strong analytical and problem solving skills * Strong Interpersonal, facilitation, and negotiation skills General Summary: The Sr. Instructional Designer/Trainer designs, develops, and delivers customized training pertaining to products and applications, for employees and customers. This position is responsible for significant instructional design as well as delivery in a variety of modes including live (synchronous) and recorded (asynchronous) training. The Sr. Instructional Designer must be able to initiate and work on projects outside the scope of Syniverse owned products and services, take on significant number of assignments outside content area, be a lead and mentor to other instructional designers, and be recognized for excellence in content and delivery. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Apply the standard development process to design, develop and deliver trainingWork with other organizations to assess customer needs and identify training requirements. * Partner on a regular basis with technical writers, BIAs, testers to ensure gap closure * Define and on-time delivery of design outlines, work plans, and end-user content for multiple projects at one time. * Apply instructional design principles and e-learning concepts to training deliverables. * Development of certification tracks * Act as Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) on all primary product sets. * Tests applications beyond content looking for anomalies and other opportunities to mitigate risk or improve quality. Deliver customized training in a variety of ILT and distance learning media * Deliver training and solicit evaluation feedback from the participants. * Review and act on feedback for overall effectiveness of materials and modify deliverables as needed. Maintain a strong working knowledge of training development tools and technology * Lead gathering of new technology and product offerings that enhance training design and development. * Identify and develop opportunities to expand distance learning capabilities. Develop and maintain a strong working knowledge of assigned products and processes * Work closely with cross-functional product teams to ensure timely and accurate deliverables. * Establish a strong working relationship with HotLine personnel and Operations Support to gain insight on the business and technical needs of customers. Create a unique knowledge base outside product set which expands and the knowledge of employees and customers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Sr. Instructional Designer Trainer designs-SME Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting is a focused search firm based in Mountain View, California and Bangalore India. Having seen your profile, we would like you consider the following opportunities with our client for their Bangalore Development Centers. Please feel free to take a look at our website at Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details