TITLE: GWT Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Our client is a product development, engineering and consulting services company, serving technology startups as well as mid-size to large corporations. They offer a flexible blend of onsite, offsite and offshore services from their seven global delivery centers with over 1500 software professionals. They have deep client relationships spanning over 20 years with various clients ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies. They are always seeking motivated, bright individuals who would like to work at leading-edge technologies, services, and projects. They provide you with ideal software engineering careers and the best in the software development and software engineering scenarios. if you are a self-driven and motivated software engineer with a dream to go far their challenging software development jobs and opportunities are the right way to place yourself. Currently they are looking for GWT Developers / Software Engineers with 3 to 6 years of experience for their Pune location . The job description is as follows: Proficient in Java and J2EE technologies with good understanding of OOPS concepts. Hands on experience in GWT Latest Version (Mandatory)Â li> Hands on Experience in Core Java 1.5, JSP/Servlets, Oracle PL SQL.Â Experience in any Open Source frameworks like Spring and Hibernate. Experience in Web servicesÂ Experience in software development life cycle with real life projects.Â Experience of any relational database (Oracle, SQL, Sybase) An independent contributor with flexibility to deliver within stipulated timelines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills GWT Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Directing IT Systems Pvt. Ltd. At Directing IT we offer affordable technology consulting services to small and medium enterprises. Our goal is to enable even the smallest of institution with the right technology thus making them more efficient. We focus on aligning the IT Strategy with the Business Strategy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details