TITLE: RF Application Engineer @ Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description A Client of Roljobs Technology Services Pvt Ltd. Job Description We (Our client) is looking for an RF Application Engineer to join our exclusive team in Bangalore. We are seeking for semi-conductor experts who are dynamic, self motivated and out-of-the-box thinkers, to join our team. We'd love to hear from you if : - You have total working experience of 5-8 Years. - You have RF system product development experience. - You have the ability to interact effectively with customers. - You have good understanding of system and product costs and options. - You can develop, document, rationalize and present system requirements to a diverse audience of engineers. - You can thrive to work with the team & promote the product. - You are exceptional in interpersonal and communication skills. - You are multi-talented professional. Whom you are working with in future ? We want an expertised and trustworthy RF Engineer with excellent experience in technology implementation. We would like to hear from you, if you would like to work with people who care. Most of our team is made up of engineers but we believe everyone is an engineer with their own tools. Were a group of talented professionals who pride ourselves on what we do. Were smart, innovative, energetic, and have lots of fun. We develop & gain trust through transparency. We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work & product will be. Additional Information About Client : Our Client is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at their company. They do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:RF Engineer Keyskills product development rf tools options product client team engineer system experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROLAND & ASSOCIATES ROLAND & ASSOCIATES Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details