TITLE: Team Lead (international Voice Process)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this They are looking out for a lot of TEAM LEADER (VOICE PROCESS) with 4 to 9 years of EXPERIENCE out of which 1 year should be into team Leading. Dimension & Scope: This position is responsible for supporting; coaching; developing and supervising a group of employees in a Service Center/Operations environment. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Monitor, identify and resolve performance/behavior/attendance issues using prescribed performance management techniques. Monitor and take action on TKS, personnel and payroll issues. Conduct performance appraisals annually. Review Companiess compliance documents as required. Responsible for staffing and hiring. Maintain current employee records on direct reports. Review CMS statistics on a daily basis and provide constructive feedback. Provide Subject Matter Expertise. Ensure training needs of subordinates are met. Modify Operations as needed to meet service level agreements under supervision of Operations Manager. Successfully complete all client related training. Resolve escalated customer issues. Hold team meetings on a regular basis with direct reports. Communicate all process and client changes to direct reports within specific timeliness Promote the use of all center communication tools. Responsible for day-to-day functional supervision of non-exempt work group, including work assignment and attendance monitoring; providing input into selecting, training, developing, and completing performance appraisal of work group(s) in accordance with the organizations policies and applicable legal requirements. Education & Professional Certifications: Associates degree in related field or advanced vocational training with two to four years related experience; or Bachelors degree or equivalent with three or more years of related work experience. Candidate Profile: Candidate should be an existing team leader for at least 1 year. Should have exhaustive experience in driving customer satisfaction related deliverables Experience in telecom industry preferable. Current team size should be minimum 15 associates. Ability to guide individuals toward goal achievement using negotiation, teamwork / collaboration, motivation and staff development skills including the ability to act as a role model within the organization. Ability to demonstrate innovation and good judgment / problem solving skills when making decisions. Ability to establish a course of action for self and others to accomplish a specific goal while using appropriate resources. Ability to coach, develops action plans, which maximize performance and provide effective feedback. Proven ability to analyze and improve work processes and policies Excellent customer service / support skills, ability to work well under pressure, professional demeanor and strong written and oral communication skills. Must have proficiency with various software applications programs including Lotus Notes, Microsoft Word, and Excel. Interacting with clients through e-mails and daily Conference Calls to review and resolve operational issues as well as implementing new process & procedure changes. Conceiving/implementing short/long-term business plans for achievement of organizational financial objectives. THE POSITION WOULD BE BASED IN MUMBAI / BANGALORE / GURGAON AND THE SALARY WOULD BE THE BEST IN THE INDUSTRY. Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills International Voice Process Operations Management Team Leading Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Acelinkers Consultancy Services Pvt Ltd MNC Client of Acelinkers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details