TITLE: Marketing Specialist

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Initiating IP/ LPO Services prospecting to the US/ Indian Clients. -Lead generation. -Cold calling -Customized email campaign -Extensive research Qualifying the lead - Candidates would be required to work on prospective companies and using telesales approach to create meetings. Generate new business through innovative and strategic approach. Devising & implementing marketing plans & activities. Creating continuous improvement programs related to business development avenues Desired Profile: MBA-Marketing/ IT/ HR. 2 Years of experience in Business Development/ Marketing. Candidates with MBA in Marketing from a premium institute will be preferred. An excellent writing, editing and communication skill in English is a must. Only Bangalore based candidates need to apply. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Legal Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills business development telesales cold calling ip prospecting english email marketing plans continuous improvement mba in marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Unicita Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Unicita has a legal outsourcing department that provides legal support services to U.S and Canadian law firms such as, contracts, summary motions, letters, complaints, licensing agreements etc. The company also provides patent and trademark prosecution services to U.S. law firms. This includes drafting comprehensive responses to patent and trademark office actions received from the U.S. PTO. Unicita Consulting also provides patent and trademark services to independent inventors and research companies in India. The patent services include prior art searches, patent drafting, patent filing and patent prosecution in India. The company files several patent applications under the Patent Co-operation Treaty (PCT). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details