TITLE: Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : Architecting small to medium sized solutions. Create high-level and low-level design documents. Provide technical leader to the development team. Actively participating in pre-sales activities working with the business development team. Being able to work independently or as part of a team. Conduct technical interviews Skills And Requirements: C# 3.0 or later. Knowledge and experience of architecting solutions in at least one of the following technical areas: Web applications using ASP.NET 3.5 or later (web forms or MVC), AJAX and XAML (either within WPF or Silverlight). Knowledge of Windows Azure would be desirable. Connected Services using WS-* and REST, WCF / WF 3.5, WCF Data Services, WCF RIA Services, BizTalk Server 2009 and MSMQ. Data programmability using either ADO.NET Entity Framework 3.5, or NHibernate. SQL Server 2005 (or above) development experience is essential. Knowledge and experience of at least one of the following: Message Exchange Topologies and Integration Patterns. Application security. Model Driven Development. Desirable skills: ASP.Net 4 and MVC WCF Windows Azure Silverlight 4 Sharepoint N on-microsoft solutions framework - J2EE Minimum of 5yrs experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stylusinc Stylusinc ( or Stylus, often used interchangeably ) is a 10 year young company based out of Bangalore, Indias Silicon Valley. We at Stylusinc say were young because were peopled by young, energetic, curious and committed minds who are excited about solving complex business problems, ethically. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details