TITLE: Urgent Openings for SQL Server Developer Professionals at Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi Hope this mail finds you in the best of health and cheer. Kindly allow me to introduce myself. I am (Balu ) Balasubramanian representing TRUGlobal Software India Pvt. Ltd. | www.truglobal.com . We have the below Urgent openings for SQL Server Developer Professionals at Bangalore. Please email your resumes to balasubramanian@truglobal.com Will revert on receipt. Below is the very brief JD for your kind perusal. SQL SERVER DEVELOPERS with 3 plus years of experience . Good at Database/Backend Development. Good on Triggers, Queries, Stored procedures. Should be willing to attend a Face-to-Face Interview in Bangalore Warm Regards, (Balu) Balasubramanian Senior Recruitment Manager. TRUGlobal Software India Pvt. Ltd. | balasubramanian@truglobal.com | www.truglobal.com Off: +91 (080) 42611999 | Fax: +91 (080) 42611900 | Mobile: +91-9900597755 Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Server Development Triggers Database Stored Procedures SQL queries Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TRUGlobal Software India Pvt Ltd About Us With its global headquarters in California; TRUGlobal is a top IT services firm servicing clients across Fortune 500 Companies to Startups. Our talented team of Business Consultants and Technologists average over 15 years of industry-honed experience and have conducted many engagements worldwide. As the division between strategy, execution, and optimization become increasingly blurred, and knowledge becomes a key source of value for organizations in the new global economy, TRUGlobal's leadership team and consultants have combined historical data, industry best practices, and analytical models to continue the support of our clients as trusted partners. Our approach has continuously evolved and been refined to help organizations reduce project complexities and accelerate return on investments. TRUGlobal Expert advisors work with clients to deliver customized services and yield superior business outcomes in three primary domains: Strategic IT Outsourcing, Implementing Cloud & Transformative Technologies for Enterprise Solutions, and Incremental Staffing Services Core Values Client Value: Client is our first focus - as Organization we come together to deliver the best to the client. Focus on client's business performance and needs and create long term trusted partnership. Top Talent: Create an environment which attracts best talent and retains them to be able to successfully deliver client value Integrity: Be responsible, reliable and uphold high ethical standards, and treat others with respect. Innovative: Develop new ideas, be creative and show case thought leadership Value Proposition We solve client business challenges through industry knowledge and implementation thought leadership enabled by end to end solution architecture Collaboration With Clients Trusted Partner to Clients Align with Client Goals and Objectives Enable Transformation with strong governance and change management Thought Leadership Reusable Assets And Solutions Reduced Cost Global Reach Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details