TITLE: Big Data Engineer - Personalization

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Certwin is a Assessment Discovery Platform for all verticals. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA.Â Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Job Description We are looking for an experienced, talented and motivated Senior Software Engineer to help build out the infrastructure to scale and support newer explorations for personalization. You will be expected to drive the requirements and own large components of the infrastructure and help throughout the life cycle: architecture, design, implementation, testing and post-release support. Â This is a great opportunity to work on Big Data technologies like Apache Spark, and simultaneously gain intimate knowledge of Certwin products and services at high scale, all the while working for a unique company that is redefining how certifications are taken globally.Â To be successful in this role, you must have outstanding software development skills and thrive working cross functionally with several teams. You will need to exhibit strong leadership and communication skills to successfully execute on the engineering and release priorities in a highly-dynamic application development environment. Qualifications - Strong bias towards action - 2+ years of systems software engineering experience - BE/B.Tech/MCA in any stream. - Strong Java and object-oriented development experience in production - Solid understanding of the Software as a Service (SaaS) model in the online environment - Experience with large-scale distributed systems, micro-services, high-scale web architecture - Excellent communication skills - Experience working with languages like Scala, Java - Experience building applications on Apache Spark - Experience with Amazon AWS Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java development software development apache mca application development operations service life cycle scala Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Certwin Company Description Certwin is a Assessment Discovery Platform for all verticals. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA.Â Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details