TITLE: .Net Developer (3 to 5 yrs) Bangalore (c2h)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for .Net Developer role for one of our MNC Client in Bangalore location. Candidate should be interested to work in Contract to Hire / Contract roles(Long term/Short term). Skills we are looking .Net,C#,SQL,MVC (Must) MVC at least 1.5 yrs experience Experience :- 3 to 5 yrs Location :- Banghmane Tech Park,Bangalore Notice Period :- Immediate to 15 days max Week days Face to Face Interview. Contract duration: 6 Months & Extendable Salary :- as per company standard Interested candidates can send across their updated profiles to: ananya@blackwhite.in or can call @ 080-67610230 for further details. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C# MVC .Net SQL Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd Leading Software Giant. Incorporated in 2006, Black and White Business solutions has gradually developed today into a leading provider of manpower for some of the fortune 500 companies for their junior/ middle / senior and executive requirements. At Black and White Business Solutions, our sole job is to find individuals who are driven to succeed, and match them with companies that know how to reward success.Considered one of the top recruitment firms in Bangalore. We are the pioneer of organized recruitment services in India. Over the years we have played the role as preferred recruitment partners to multinationals and leading Indian businesses which enabled us to emerge as the leading recruitment brand nationally. We follow 360 degree holistic view of a candidate's qualification, experience and most important personality traits. We boast on the fact that we and have helped careers of over thousands of professionals through our work. Devoted to both clients and candidates, we power the world of work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details