TITLE: Onboarding & AIS Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills: - Primary skills: - Exposure to manage large environment/ Infrastructure Good knowledge in Network, D&I / EP Security products Role Purpose: - The person will be responsible for on- boarding new devices within Security Operation and integration of new security services. Having excellent knowledge of all security products within Network Security, D&I Security and EP Security along with exposure of build/transition of the service of all security products. The person would also be responsible for project activities, document updating. Coordination along with Project Manager for delivery of security infrastructure roles and responsibilities, KPI and SLA as part of lite on- boarding process. Contributes in successive planning and operation management. Ensuring process streamlining and service improvement within the security operation. Actively involved in Team meetings and stakeholders requirement. Providing project support for new services for all security product and services. Key Accountabilities: - Responsible for onboarding all security product/devices within security operation Ensure project deliverable on time within security operation Document updating all standard KPI & SLA Ensuring all Infrastructure details are covered Project Management and Delivery Experience Explore to transition and deliverables Expertise at handling Security Operation Ability to coach and mentor the team Experience in handling large environment Handling customer escalation Ability to handle peak flows Timely update and escalation to relevant stakeholders Network Security Product knowledge 2FA & PKI Infrastructure Support understanding Good Understanding of Risk, Threat and Vulnerabilities People Management Skills Proper understanding of Audit requirements in Data and Information Security DLP Solution Implementation and maintenance Experience Antivirus Management Good knowledge on PGP, Encryption Behavioral/ Personality Specifications required: - Strong communication skills in order to drive the various operationally required communication processes with the Security Operation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills coordination project management network security security s audit information security dlp pki ep encryption Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vodafone India Limited Vodafone India Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details