TITLE: Senior SEO Team Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are seeking an experienced SEO professional to join our dynamic and high performing online team as Team Lead - SEO. This person will be responsible for managing and executing the strategy for SEO with the ultimate goal of increasing visibility and traffic. SEO / SEM Specialist for a Software company in Bangalore. Deep knowledge of On-Page and Off-Page Optimization & Link building Research, Meta Tags optimization, directory submission, URL & page content optimization. Ranking & Traffic Analysis. Hands on experience on SEO tools: SEOMOZ, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, Word Tracker etc. Ability to analyze, show the competitive keyword ranking on Major search engines like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Would be responsible for achieving targets in terms of ranking, and traffic On-page and Off-page activities. Expert in Internet Marketing from SEO Perspective. Creating deep linking from High PR websites. Media Buying and Paid Linking Experience. Identify the key initiatives for the organization\'s strategy, and then act on all levers (pages, content, linking, technology, etc) to increase traffic and sales across multiple POS SEO strategy formulation & documentation. Good understanding on Html, Word Press, java script and CMS. An advanced understanding of SEO tactics during selection process Ability to handle SEO Projects independently and managing a team Responsible for planning and executing online Strategies for SEO and Driving web traffic. Responsible for increasing the organic traffic and leading a small team. Hands on experience in marketing and lead generation through social media like LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus etc. Enhancing Website Structure as per ecommerce standards, including optimization and improving overall customer experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Senior SEO Team Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XIPHIAS Software Technologies Pvt Ltd XIPHIAS Software Technologies is one of the leading technology provider in India since 2005, offering a vast portfolio of innovative products and services in the hardware and software division. We take immense pride in our world-class quality products which undergo rigorous checks during the build to meet the requisite standards. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details