TITLE: Customer Service Associate

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Certwin is the fastest-growing online marketplace for assessments and certifications. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA.Â Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Job Description ? As the vendors primary point of contact, you will own the entire process from project request to payment, delivering high quality experiences that create customer delight ? Your diverse responsibilities include collaborating with vendors via our proprietary tools, listening to the needs of your customers and explaining how Certwin will meet their needs and objectives, and working on special projects as needed by the leadership team ? You will track and report performance on a weekly basis; forecast future performance and participate in target setting ? Most importantly, you'll be given the freedom and responsibility to change the core Certwin platform and internal tools through implementing product and process improvements; we're an open minded start-up looking for people with drive and passion to make lasting changes! Qualifications ? You have a bachelors degree in any stream ? You are a self-starter with a proactive, energetic and productive mindset and excellent time management skills ? You possess excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills to be the voice of Certwin ? You have the desire and ability to achieve success in this revenue generating role ? You have the curiosity and passion to continually grow and implement new techniques that allow you to achieve your personal best ? You are comfortable with technology (Gmail, Microsoft Office, etc.) ? You are interested in making an impact at a tech startup and growing with our company! ? Plus: You have some full time experience in sales and/or customer service Additional Information Number of Openings : Â 4 We offer the perks, culture, and opportunity of an entrepreneurial start-up, supported by the scale, stability, and resources of over a decade of profitable growth. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills customer service operations proactive tools startup time management skills be interpersonal communication skills vendors process improvements Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Certwin Company Description Certwin is the fastest-growing online marketplace for assessments and certifications. We are incorporated in Delaware, USA.Â Our operations, R&D & support teams are based out of Bangalore , India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details