TITLE: Modeling Artist - Senior

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Accurately model objects using Maya or 3ds Max based on concept arts/real life photo references. These can be anything from props, vehicles, buildings, vegetation, set dressing & characters (including Blendshapes) Assist Team leader to train junior modelers and be the mentor for the team. Should manage a small project or a group or artists if required. Work closely with other art disciplines to determine character technical specifications Artists work closely with Team Leader on getting 3D assets into the production. M inimum 4 years of industry experience. Strong understanding of 3d programs like Maya or 3ds Max & Z-Brush or Mudbox. A strong understanding of texturing, rigging and animation principles. Attention to high quality anatomical detail. Can work in a variety of styles. Able to meet deliverables and drive your work to completion within specified timelines Great communication skills both written and verbal Can work cross functionally in many areas without being constrained by your job function A Collaborative work ethic Must be open to direction and able to embrace change. Desire to learn from other and to take on increasingly challenging assignments. Work with rigging, animation and engineering to determine style, look and level of quality for all the models. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Modeling Artist - Senior Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Xentrix Studios Xentrix was founded in Bangalore in June 2010 when old friends and competitors Viren Patil and Jai Natarajan found themselves simultaneously transitioning from previous commitments. They were joined by a multinational group of senior industry people who had already experienced success in their careers, and were all driven by the desire to work together and co-create a new artist-driven animation studio Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details