TITLE: Customer Accounts Executive

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are hiring primarily for attitude, values and communication ability . Our business model centers on providing financial accounting and reporting services, tax processing and Executive Assistant services to small and medium businesses in the US. After starting in November 2005, we have been experiencing a growing interest on these services from this business segment. To leverage this opportunity we are earnestly seeking talented professionals and potential leaders to join with us. Skills & Requirements Knowledge of Accounting, Tax, Finance, MS Office tools, Application- Quickbooks, Netsuite, MS GP, Mas 90. Handling day to day accounting process Managing books of accounts Handling software's meant for accounting purposes Solving problems related to the project assigned Client interfacing, if and when required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills quickbooks hiring handling gp accounting tax ms office tools customer accounts executive assistant services tax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stylus Systems Pvt. Ltd tylus Systems is a Bangalore based IT solutions and services provider for global companies. Starting from 1999, we have served over 350 international clients and the number is just growing. Stylus Systems is a registered unit with the Software Technology Parks of India, a Government of India regulatory body for software exports. We cater to Small and Medium Businesses and in particularly to the CIOs and IT managers of these companies. CIOs and IT Managers look to Stylus Systems and IWD to provide not only high quality IT solutions and Services but also to help them in improving IT support to their business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details