TITLE: Charted Accountant-salarpuria Sattva

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Salarpuria Sattva Group ! About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Job Profile: Responsible for Short term and long term financial planning, implementation, review, statutory compliance and legal matters of entire group. Technically sound across various areas of finance including taxation and Cos. Act compliance. Fund raise (incl. debt) exposure , statutory branch audits & internal audits. Tax audits, filing of returns, department correspondence and assessment proceedings. Maintenance of books of accounts in computerized environment, Preparation of Final accounts as per accounting standards. Communicated audit results to upper management through written reports and oral presentations. Responsible for end to end Accounts & finance Process. Interested candidates may forward your updated profile to Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in, must be completed CA with 7-8 years experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Keyskills Accounting Taxation Auditing Statutory Audit Tax Audit Companies Act Accounting Taxation Auditing Statutory Auditing Tax Auditing Companies Act Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:CA Company Profile: Greenage Griha Nirmaan Pvt Ltd. Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Enter details about your company and/or the company you are hiring for Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details