TITLE: HR - Management Trainee

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work on and track HR initiatives Gathering market intelligence HR data management Work on MS Office for preparing HR Presentation Decks Driving Employee Engagement activities Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills HR Employee Engagement Human Resource Management Data Management MS Office Market Intelligence competitive intelligence Desired Candidate Profile Full time MBA HR is a must.Good communication skills is a mustShould be good MS OfficeShould be a self-motivatorAbility to work as an independent contributor Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Simeio Development Centre Private Limited. Customers of all sizes globally rely on Simeio Solutions to help secure their organizations. An innovative and industry leader, Simeio offers Identity as a Service (IDaaS), Identity and Access Management (IAM) managed services, and Advisory services. Its full range of services is powered by an industry first IAM Virtualization Platform delivered via Simeio's Identity Intelligence Center (IIC). Simeio IIC is the first and only solution of its kind designed specifically to operate, monitor and defend complex, multi-vendor IAM infrastructures and deliver actionable business intelligence. Simeio's client base is expanding as interest in identity and access management and IT governance, risk and compliance grows across all sectors. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Simeio has operations in India, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, Europe, across North America, South America and Canada. We are a cutting-edge growing company with a strong dedication to our employees and their opportunity for growth and success. Simeio offers a state of the art technology office with plans for continued growth and expansion. Our company culture is crucial to those driven for success with an entrepreneurial spirit, solution oriented, and individual contributors, as well as, a team players. We are actively seeking qualified candidates to join us. To learn more about Simeio Solutions visit www.simeiosolutions.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details