TITLE: Regional Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description :- Must have software product sales / solution selling experience in a fast growth environment. Must be a local Mumbai candidate with adequate local market selling experience. Should have hands on experience in major account management, channel sales, partner management & new business development. Minimum of 10 years experience. Should have sold to senior management levels. Should have worked with virtual teams. Ability to stay focused on goals with absolute emphasis on performance and quality. Excellent written and oral communications is a must Should have an inherent understanding of understanding business strategies, what goes into making a business strategy work. Should have the ability to create business strategies based on short term and long term objectives Should have experience working with sell-to & sell through models. Demonstrable success in indirect sales Ability to engage customers & partners at senior levels Self starter. Ability to work under limited or no supervision. Ability to deliver under pressure. Passion for sales, relationships & having fun. Ability to work as part of a team Should be a ldquohunterrdquo style personality Team player Perseverance Must be a great negotiator Result oriented Excellent influential skills Mature and career focused Highly efficient person who delivers results effectively to meet both quality Customer Centric ldquoHands onrdquo approach to challenges, solutions oriented. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills business development channel sales selling account management new business development business strategy customer retention sales business strategies experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: KnoahSoft, Inc. KnoahSoft understands that your business is unique - your products, your people, your customers - all have different things that make them tick and varying needs that must be met. That\'s why we offer solutions that can be tailored to your industry and your organization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details