TITLE: Manager, Traffic and Coordination

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION DESCRIPTION: The Manager , Digital Traffic Coordination , leads and develops a Trafficking and Internet Coordination team in the effort to maintain Web and other digital channels including daily updates to home & landing pages , marketing offers , product information , testing set up and coordination. Owns maintaining and executing detailed schedules and long-range plans , coordinating and driving deliverables internally and ensuring they are correctly published through a wesite CMS. Has mastery and displays leadership in the Content Management System and serves as a trainer and business subject matter expert (SME). Owns the final approval of top level site updates before launch (daily). Establishes efficiencies to drive speed to market and deliver a best-in-class customer experience. Owns and enforces eCommerce setup standards and business rules; accountable for high level of quality assurance. RESPONSIBILITIES: Enforces the DX production schedules for site updates and ensures accuracy. Maintains the detailed schedules as the season progresses ensuring web design , copy and project management resources are on track. Enforces deadlines and deliverables. Orchestrates direct reports to insure daily site updates are on target with 100% accuracy. Serves as the central point of contact for home and landing pages for DX partners. Ensures all feedback is addressed. Manages key distributions and all sub-steps of the Home & Landing Page process. Facilitates the QA loop pre and post live , reviewing steady state creative and functionality for home and landing pages , collection pages and marketing offers , capturing feedback and resolving with Internet Ops. Proofs and identifies issues pre- and post-launch. Accountable for seeing through to issue resolution. Oversees and participates in creQA , issue resolution and approvals. Owns validating the site prior to go-live and once launched. Ensures updates are tracked and applied in all affected creative placements (headers /emails /all home & landing pages /etc). Works closely to maintain good partner work relationships with Web Operations Provides guidance to and aid in decision making for team. Oversees Online Shop content management , including: Setup of product information; uniform QA of site setup deliver optimal customer experience. Trains partners regarding roles and responsibilities for site setup and QA Serves as the teamrsquos Subject Matter Expert for CMS training. Manages and develops associates; ensures all associates have detailed objectives and development plans; develops educational agendas for monthly team meetings to promote associate development Participates in site launch lsquohindsightrsquo meetings to ensure all issues are resolved and will not reoccur during future site launches QUALIFICATIONS: Solid understanding of eCommerce fundamentals Customer advocate with strong grasp of best-in-class eCommerce customer experience Familiarity with Internet /eCommerce technology , esp. content management systems Positive , collaborative , inclusive and flexible team member Highly organized , results-oriented leader with strong process /production background Creative problem-solving ability Tough , business-minded approach to evaluating competing priorities Strong communicator , including interpersonal , written , and presentation skills EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Experience using Content Management Systems 10 years site setup /web production experience for eCommerce 10 years of experience in digital 5 years in a supervisory role Some experience with a major consumer brand Proficient in Microsoft Excel , Powerpoint , Word or equivalent Experience in Agile project management methodology a plus Experience creating Use Case Scenarios (test scripts) a plus. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills operations development sme coordination web design cms quality assurance coordinating maintaining microsoft excel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BCA PG:MCA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: L Brands Les Wexner began his career as a shopkeeper and merchant in 1963 with one small specialty womens clothing store in Columbus, Ohio. Over time, his entrepreneurial spirit, natural curiosity and passion for the customer grew that single store into L Brands: a specialty retailing enterprise that defined an industry and continues to redefine itself to this day, as it imagines and delivers the worlds most powerful brands. Working at L Brands means sharing a vision of being the best in the world and living our values the same beliefs that have guided - See more at: http: / /careers.lb.com /en /about-us /who-we-are Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details