TITLE: Hr Recruitment Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description India's leading consultant for BI, Analytics and Big Data Recruitment and other IT requirements. Job Description Urgently looking for HR Recruitment Manager with experienceÂ 0 to 2 yrs . - Source candidates using traditional and creative sourcing methods, which includes but not limited to networking, internal database searches, online searches, Internet postings, External & Internal Referrals. - To conduct End to End Recruitment Cycle (Resume Sourcing till final placement) . - Sound knowledge of IT domain and aptitude to recruit with a sense of urgency. - Ability to understand the IT Requirements of clients and find the required skill sets accordingly. - Follow- up on the feedbacks & Client co- ordination. - To organize & arrange the interview schedules for shortlisted candidates. - To ensure long lasting and fruitful relations with the client and candidate. - Technology & Computer Savvy - Should be well versed with MS Word, Xls etc. You should have : - Should have excellent English communication skills (oral & written) . - Should be capable to Motivate, Convince, Inspire and Influence others. - Should have Strong work ethic and Sense of commitment. - Must be Ambitious, Competitive and Passionate to succeed. - Should be outspoken and aggressive on meeting deadlines. Qualifications BBA, MBA Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills sourcing networking analytics passionate methods be manager hr Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Consult BI Consult BI Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details