TITLE: Test Lead/Manager professionals

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 8 yearsrsquo professional experience, exposure to testing of GSM/IMS core network components for delivery of voice or messaging solution. Candidate should have thorough knowledge of GSM/IMS domain, expertise in core network signalling protocols mandatory, MAP/CAMEL/INAP/SIP/DIAMETER/et c. Should have lead/managed team of people engaged in test activity. Experience in planning, job assignment, tracking, guidance and review/audit of work is required. Knowledge on EAST or MGTS desired. The role will also involve customer interaction, handling deployment, driving acceptance testing, participation in technical discussions. Reporting to director of test organization. Candidate should have sound understanding of test processes and practices. Experience in installation and configuration of system based on ATCA would be helpful. Exposure to variety of IMS network components and participation in multi-vendor IOTs will be beneficial. Candidate should have good understanding of 3GPP specifications. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Telecom Role:Maintenance Engineer Keyskills Test Lead Manager professionals Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting believes one organisation with a belief is equal to ninety-nine others with interest. Unyielding commitment to this work ethic has powered Assure Consulting\'s growth from a relatively incognito placement company to a dynamic, intellectual leader in the high-technology HR services space in 2001. Assure\'s fast-paced growth is backed by its singular focus on the new, new sector of the Nineties - information and technology. This means we do not offer quick-fix, generic, comprehensive solutions to our clients, but design customised sourcing strategies fine-tuned and refined to meet our clients\' specific requirements. This also means no other HR services company in India has the domain knowledge and the intellectual expertise developed by our team to meet the stringent manpower standards of knowledge-driven information and technology companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details