TITLE: RTL Design Experts @ Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of Roljobs Technology Services Pvt Ltd. Job Description We (Our client) is looking for an Design Engineer to join our exclusive team in Bangalore. We are seeking for semi-conductor experts who are dynamic, self motivated and out-of-the-box thinkers, to join our team. We'd love to hear from you if : - You have total working experience of 8-11 Years. - You have good experience in ASIC/ VLSI design. - You have exposure in RTL coding. - You have good experience in microcontroller based designs. - You have exposure in Verification flows. - You have the ability to work well in a team environment. - You are exceptional in interpersonal and communication skills. - You are multi-talented professional. We want an expertise and trustworthy Engineer with excellent experience in technology implementation. Most of our team is made up of engineers but we believe everyone is an engineer with their own tools. Were a group of talented professionals who pride ourselves on what we do. Were smart, innovative, energetic, and have lots of fun. We develop & gain trust through transparency. We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work & product will be. Additional Information I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills verification asic microcontroller tools rtl coding experience team design engineer experts engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROLAND & ASSOCIATES ROLAND & ASSOCIATES Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details