TITLE: Php Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: 1.Should be expert in PHP, AJAX, mysql, SQL Server ,Javascript and MVC architecture . 2.Minimum experience 5 year 3.Thorough knowledge of languages: SQL, PHP 4,PHP 5, Javascript, XHTML, CSS, DHTML, XML Knowledge of Object Oriented programming and design patterns. 4.Experience in building CMS-b over ased websites on Wordpress, Drupal or Joomla,smarty ,Codeigniter,Good command PHP, XML, AJAX, JQuery, MySQL and Linux. 5.Candidate with experience in payment gateway integration and API integrations JOB Summary: 1.This position is a part of the practice that creates websites and applications. 2.This will include creating web sites and applications for specific customers or customer segments. 3.Researching and developing solutions for difficult technical challenges 4.Working directly with clients these programs and build a strong relationship through expertise 5.Significant experience and expertise in the website and web application development and a deep understanding of development process and methodology is desired. 6.The candidate needs to be a strong communicator and be able to translate client needs into requirements and deliverable, while managing expectations. 7.Please complete the below details and attach your updated resume Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Php Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: XIPHIAS Software Technologies Pvt Ltd XIPHIAS Software Technologies is one of the leading technology provider in India since 2005, offering a vast portfolio of innovative products and services in the hardware and software division. We take immense pride in our world-class quality products which undergo rigorous checks during the build to meet the requisite standards.With expertise in offshore software development and hardware manufacturing, we can fulfill most of your software and KIOSK based requirements through our skilled and well-trained IT professionals. Our offshore development facility allows clients to extend their development capabilities without incurring set-up costs and managing their own auxiliary facilities. By working together on your requirements, we optimize our solutions according to your needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details