TITLE: System Analyst - Mainframe

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Candidate should have at least 5 years of experience working as a systems analyst, preferably in support of mainframe COBOL applications. Candidate needs to be able to read and understand COBOL programs and be familiar with CICS and DB2 concepts. At minimum candidate should be able to run simple SQL queries. Experience working with healthcare insurance applications, particularly claim adjudication or payment systems. Knowledge of industry standard EDI transactions such as 837 and is a plus. Candidate should understand basic health insurance concepts such as how deductibles and OOP maximums work. Candidate should have prior experience preparing artifacts that document system requirements, system flows and design details. Good communication skills as well as skills in Word, Excel and Visio are needed. The successful candidate will perform following activities: 1. Participate in JAD sessions to expand or modify system to serve new business requirements. 2. Identify impact to system at a detail level for new business requirements. 3. Document system design at a detail level to address new business requirements. 4. Identify impacts to other systems for new business requirements being implemented. 5. Identify test scenarios to ensure quality of system changes being implemented 6. Be able to triage defects that are encountered in testing process. 7. Identify risk factors associated with proposed system modifications. 8. Estimate work effort for new system features or enhancements. 9. Research and learn industry concepts that may affect system design or compliance with legislative mandates. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills sql db2 cics oop edi visio system design test scenarios payment systems health insurance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: V2Soft V2Soft is a global leader in Information Technology Services and Business Solutions with world headquarters in Michigan, USA. Established in March 1998, V2Soft provides cost effective, high performance technology solutions to clients worldwide in various domains. V2Soft believes in partnering with their customers to solve their business problems using technology. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details