TITLE: Systems Architect

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong and recent experience in 3GPP Packet Core and LTE eUTRAN, EPC is a must. Specifically, Architecting 3G UTRAN, Packet Core; LTE EUTRAN and EPC network function and solution Detailed knowledge of end to end mobile data network behavior Detailed understanding of mobile services, management and operations of mobile network Detailed protocol knowledge of 3GPP and IETF protocols including, RANAP, GTP, SCTP, IPsec, GRE, Diameter etc. Detailed understanding of packet domain and evolution through GPRS, EDGE, HSPA, HSPA and LTE Understanding of functional boundaries and overlap of policy charging, subscriber repository functions MSEE/MSCS with a minimum of 10 years of experience in above mentioned area both as an individual contributor and as a team. Possess sound understanding of essential elements of Systems engineering; Proven ability to take concepts into deployable products by breaking it down into subsystems, functions and feature sets. Has excellent knowledge of computing platforms and trends. Self starter, thought leader and out of the box thinker. Understands emerging technologies and how to exploit them in creating innovative products. Excellent organizational and leadership skills. Excellent people and project management skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills; able to prepare and present comprehensive presentations to customers at all levels. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills Systems Architect Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting believes one organisation with a belief is equal to ninety-nine others with interest. Unyielding commitment to this work ethic has powered Assure Consulting\'s growth from a relatively incognito placement company to a dynamic, intellectual leader in the high-technology HR services space in 2001. Assure\'s fast-paced growth is backed by its singular focus on the new, new sector of the Nineties - information and technology. This means we do not offer quick-fix, generic, comprehensive solutions to our clients, but design customised sourcing strategies fine-tuned and refined to meet our clients\' specific requirements. This also means no other HR services company in India has the domain knowledge and the intellectual expertise developed by our team to meet the stringent manpower standards of knowledge-driven information and technology companies. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details