TITLE: Web Method Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Antal International Ltd Â is an international recruitment company which network comprises 132 offices in 32 countries. The head office is based in London, The United Kingdom. The company offers international recruitment services including retained executive search and selection, contingent recruitment in permanent, interim and contract / temporary staffing. [ 1 ] Â One of the key products of Antal International is a regular research on hiring and firing trends in job markets around the world Job Description Designation: WebMethod Developer Interview Location: Bangalore Work Location: Bangalore Experience 3- 8 Yrs. Job Description: Proficient in the development and implementation of Webmethod 7.x/8.x IS and Trading Networks integrations SOA and Web Services experience using Webmethod platform Design and development of custom interfaces using WebMethods. To understand client requirements and propose & deliver technical solutions Ability to interact well in a team environment If you are interested kindly reply back with these details and Send me your updated resume to skumar@antal.com 1. Total Yrs. of Exp: 2. Experience in WebMethod: 3. Current Employer: 4. Contract/Permanent: 5. Current CTC 6. Expected CTC 7. Notice Period 8. Current Location 9. Proffered Location 10. Marital Status 11. DOB 12. Pass Port no Qualifications Any Graduation All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills soa webmethods interfaces staffing international design and development pass port contract Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ANZU TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED ANZU TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details