TITLE: Online Marketing and Communications Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Stylus provides you a unique values driven culture that will give you enough space to innovate and be the confident owner of what you do. If you share our values and are self-motivated and goal driven, you will find our idea of organization very satisfying. If you can write like a journalist, think like a marketer, and understand the vast and shifting seas of digital communications, Stylus Systems needs you to express our world view and communicate our value to mid-market companies that could benefit from our services. You must be able to deliver daily, even hourly, content that is fully optimized to gain visibility over digital pathways. You will report directly to the SBU heads, but will have the strength of character to beat back corporate encroachment in favor of honest, accurate content that provides real value to worldwide audiences. Responsibilities: Design and implement strategies for SEO, Social media, blogs, newsletter etc. to build and grow StylusFMS brand. Ensure all content is on-brand, consistent in terms of style and quality, and optimized for search and user experience. Supervise freelance writers, editors, content strategists; be arbiter of best practices in grammar, messaging, writing, and style. Gather data and handle analytics and make recommendations based on those results. Supervise SEO and semantic web efforts; create standards and practices. Establish work flow for requesting, creating, editing, publishing, and retiring content. Work with technical team to implement appropriate CMS. Conduct periodic competitive audits. Packaging and promoting content Supervise the maintenance of content inventories and matrices. Prepare newsletters Skills Required: Experience of 4 yrs in marketing and about 2 in online marketing. Graduate degree in Journalism or Mass Communication. Post graduate degree in Marketing or work experience in Marketing Communication. Experie nce In branding and communication. Familia rity with principles of marketing (and the ability to adapt or ignore them as dictated by data) Exposure to analytic tools such as Google, Omniture, etc and ability to analyse and present the data in such a way that it helps in measuring the online marketing effort. Good command of the English language Strong project-management skills A willingness to embrace change and to adapt strategies on the fly Good to have - Basic technical understanding of HTML, XHTML, CSS, Java, web publishing, Flash, etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Online Marketing and Communications Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stylusinc Stylusinc ( or Stylus, often used interchangeably ) is a 10 year young company based out of Bangalore, Indias Silicon Valley. We at Stylusinc say were young because were peopled by young, energetic, curious and committed minds who are excited about solving complex business problems, ethically. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details