TITLE: Executive / Senior Executive - Examinations & Quality Systems

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB PURPOSE To develop, implement and maintain the processes for all the functions in QA department, in terms of scheduling examinations for all MCG /International Vocational Qualifications (IVQ) and other clients to ensure smooth process closure till certification. To schedule center approval, coordinate with centers, external versifiers. Verify the quality documents. Carry out quality monitoring, visiting centers for approvals, audit. Reports on different trackers. Critical Accountabilities QA documents creation, modification and maintenance as per the retention period defined in the SLA, subject to robust version control and distributed accordingly. QA for training center approvals, delivery monitoring visits and scheduling assessments along with scheduling of Consultant Quality Assessor (CQA) visits for all the above three mentioned visits.Â QA of trainer and assessor recruitment and certification.Â Review and Action (Learner, Trainer, Customer, CQA) Satisfaction survey and analysis. Handling exam materials printing and maintaining inventory and dispatch of materials relating to MCG & IVQ qualifications.Â Interacting with different vendors. On time purchase requisitions and closure for the above activities. Maintaining and sharing weekly, monthly data with teams. Good knowledge of ISO process and internal audit. Interested candidates may walk-in with your resume at the venue mentioned below from 24th Oct to 26th Oct from 11am to 4pm Manipal-City & Guilds Pvt. Ltd Sy. No. 12/5,6,7&14, 4th Floor, Market Square Above More store Sarjapur Main Road, Kaikondarahalli Opposite Motherhood Hospital, Varthur Hobli Bengaluru 560035 Board line number- 080-71819100 Contact person- K. Pushpalatha Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Other Role:Other Keyskills Quality analyst assessment delivery exam delivery center approval Quality Assessor quality control assessor center management center delivery Training center center audit Desired Candidate Profile Experience2-5 years hand on experience in delivering MIS Reports, knowledge of technology usage, and know- how in Quality processes. Skills Eye for detail Strong on documentation and process mapping Prior exposure to audits Process design and improvements Good communication and presentation skillsCompetencies Analytical Ability Interpersonal Skills Planning & Org Customer focus System Orientation Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Manipal-City & Guilds (MCG) Manipal-City & Guilds (MCG) is a joint venture between Manipal Global Education and City & Guilds, UK. Drawing upon City & Guilds' expertise in developing qualifications that are reflective of global industry needs, its 130 years of leadership across 30 industry sectors and 600 qualifications that have certified over 18 lakh learners every year, MCG is poised to change the dynamics of the Indian market. Learners are provided with cutting-edge, industry-relevant certifications and job assistance. Multiple levels of qualifications are available at the entry, supervisory and managerial levels, opening up opportunities for lifelong learning and growth. While learners get a head start in their career, partner companies get easy access to trained, 'work-ready' staff. For the industry as a whole, this translates into a job-ready work force with 'first day first hour' productivity. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details