TITLE: RESEARCH ASSOCIATE

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Master's degree in discipline of life sciences with 1-3 years of work experience Substantial experience in high throughput screening through enzyme/cell-based assays using small molecule libraries is essential. JOB DESCRIPTION In this position you will support chemical biology efforts underpinning new lead discovery efforts by providing high throughput biology expertise including, but not limited to the following; Proficient in biochemistry, enzymology, assay development, lab automation and HTS. High throughput screening assays and application of various in vitro techniques. Specific experience with biochemical and cell based assays applying luminescence, fluorescence, TR-FRET, FP and alpha screen assays. HTS sample processing, data generation, data interpretation and data reporting. Assist in maintenance of HTS compound/sample libraries, laboratory administrative requirements and maintenance of good laboratory practices in work environment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND JOB FUNCTIONS Understanding of modern high throughput screening assay technologies. Experience in using laboratory automation equipment. Computer skills with extensive experience in data management, data analysis and statistical analysis. Must be detail oriented, well organized, and have strong communication skills. Excellent teamwork skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced, multi - disciplinary environment. RESEARCH ASSOCIATE: TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATE - PROTEIN BIOLOGY KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Master's degree in discipline of life sciences with 1-3 years of work experience. 1-3 yrs of experience in the application of protein chemistry set up. Hands on experience in cloning, recombinant protein expression and purification at research scale. Working knowledge of affinity purification, gel filtration, FPLC, AKTA, SPR and isothermal calorimetry.Â Excellent teamwork is required to work in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment. JOB DESCRIPTION Â In this position you will specialize in purification and characterization of challenging recombinant proteinsÂ Position requires coordinated effort with screening and structural biology to elucidate molecular nature of the protein-ligand and protein-drug interaction. Carry out cloning, protein expression and purification.Â Coordinate cross-departmental activities for the effective use of purified proteins. Provide support in biophysical characterization of protein-ligand and protein-small molecule interaction. Support and enable reproducible large-scale protein purifications in quantity and quality suitable for X-ray crystallography. Regular data analysis, project updates, literature survey and presentations on the target. Participate in project team meeting and contribute to the projects intellectually. DUTIES AND JOB FUNCTIONS The successful candidates will work in the area of protein science and structural biology, which include design, express, and purify proteins, and elucidate protein-protein interactions. Primary responsibilities include: Support protein design, expression and purification to support small-molecule discovery. Provide support towards biophysical characterization of proteins and protein-ligand complexes to facilitate protein crystallization and protein science studies. Ensure regular supply of quality proteins for screening as well as structural biology efforts. Communicating effectively with screening, cell biology and medicinal chemists to translate hit to leads Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Corporate Planning/Consulting/Strategy Role:Corporate Planning/Strategy Manager Keyskills RESEARCH ASSOCIATE Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate, M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine The Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine (inStem), is a state-of-the-art research institute in Bangalore, India, dedicated to the study of stem cell and regenerative biology.An autonomous institute funded by the Dept of Biotechnology, Govt. of India, inStem emphasizes collaborative research in stem cell biology. inStems mandate to allow this cross-disciplinary, multi-pronged approach to research, straddles the divide between clinical and laboratory research in stem cell biology. In trying to answer intractable and challenging questions that face the field, inStem seeks to rewrite the paradigm of the research institute: without barriers and across disciplines. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details