TITLE: System Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this relevant professional experience in the areas of application support, technical customer support, problem management, relational databases, programming languages, software development. Knowledge on one or more operating systems. Knowledge on one or more relational databases Certification on operating systems and databases (Preferred) Prior experience in Technical Service industry will be an added advantage Preferred Oracle certifications-OCP, OCA, SQL Server Certified Engineer Responsible for dealing with International/Domestic Clients Knowledge Requirements Working knowledge on UNIX,WINDOWS, Solaris and SQL Experience in use of Oracle/SQL Server tools Skilled with standard SQL and Oracle specific SQL constructs Experience with PL/SQL, triggers, stored procedures, SQL tuning Table and index space management Basic knowledge of monitoring and administration tools and utilities (OEM Grid Control) Knowledge of ITIL V3 specifically event, incident, problem management. Knowledge on ticketing tools i.e. Remedy etc. Sound knowledge on network infrastructure (LAN & WAN) Monitoring tool i.e. Netcool, Nagios, Team Quest, Big Brother etc. Hands on experience in file operations Hands on experience and knowledge on system processes Ability to communicate status updates to project team and management Ability to work independently as well as Team Good communication skills Required Interpersonal Skills Exceptional customer service skills and demeanor, along with the innovative ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical clients Excellent analytical, multitasking, and communication skills (both verbal and written), detail orientation and familiarity with testing and troubleshooting techniques. Strong troubleshooting and error analysis skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills System Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dexterity Technologies Dex Tek is a customer focused and technology-driven company, providing product engineering and enterprise software/application development services that help clients in crafting holistic value for their software development efforts.We are passionate about technology and applying it to make the products better and deliver overall value. Our passion for what we do flows through each member of our organization and it plays an important role in the way we perform business.Our 20 years of proven track record of honesty, smart and consistent work practices, comprehensive service offerings and total commitment to client needs has enabled us to successfully exceed our clients expectations and execute more than 3,500 projects till date. We offer customer-friendly and flexible project approaches, ensuring long-term partnerships with all our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details