TITLE: SMTS / Verification Manager IP Verification

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Besides people responsibility the design verification manager/SMTS is expected to have strong functional verification domain expertise Â Â Â Â to provide guidance to the team. Responsible for verification at IP level Create testplans for verification of the various features and testplan execution Develop assembly level directed tests as needed for the feature Develop coverpoints and perform coverage analysis Develop verification components using OVM/UVM and System Verilog Actively participate in the architectural discussions and provide feedback to RTL as needed Being a mentor and technical leader for more junior verification engineers. Leading and participating in IP level verification as a Senior technical member of the team. Required Skills: The following experience is needed: MS/Mtech in Electrical/Electronics Engineering. 11 to 16 years of experience in functional verification domain depending on career level The candidate should be knowledgeable in System Verilog, UVM, familiarity with constraint random verification. Good debug skills, ability to analyze and isolate design/testbench issues. Basic knowhow on scripting languages such as Perl, TCL, and some experience with C/C++ programming. Knowledge and background in processor, interconnect IP verification is an added plus. Candidate should be well versed with Coverage driver verification methodlogy. . Candidate should have past experience of successfully executing IP/SoC design verification projects Â Â Â Â which require interaction with other sites and culturally diverse teams. The candidate should have excellent written and verbal communication skill, positive attitude to motivate Â Â Â Â team and good inter-personal skills to influence colleagues. He/She is expected to work with technical leads in defining verification plan and contribute to various phases of Verification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills SMTS Verification Manager IP Verification Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ONS Search An Executive Search firm (Contingency) operating out of our offices in Gurgaon and Bangalore, India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details