TITLE: Network Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PURPOSE: To work as a global team member in the security and support of complex , multi-site Data and VoIP environments to ensure consistent , secure and stable infrastructure that will support the current and future demands of the business. RESPONSIBILITIES: * Support for Incident and Request management tasks as assigned. * Administration and understanding of the following network services to support Incident and Request tasks as assigned: * Cisco ASA 5500 firewalls * Proxy authentication using Array APV systems * Land to Land VPN Tunnels * Cisco network devices supporting enterprise LAN /WAN and Data Center infrastructure * Provides 3rd-tier support for complex voice and data issues. * Familiarity with Networking Monitoring tools such as Solar Winds , Splunk , Prime , NetMRI , Nagios , * Work directly with telecom carriers and Network infrastructure maintenance providers as needed , such as Verizon , Tata or Cisco SmartNet. * Prepares and communicates status and issues to both internal and external business partners. * Serves as a Subject Matter Expert in one or more areas of Network and Telecommunications. * Identifies and implements continuous improvement process and procedures further streamlining work and support. * Consistently demonstrates LBrands enterprise and functional competencies. QUALIFICATIONS: * Preferred 4 year degree in Information Systems or an equivalent combination of course work and job experience * 5-7or more years experience in LAN /WAN including 2 or more years of LAN /WAN Administration experience within a multi-platform technical environment. * In depth understanding of voice and /or data technologies and subject matter expert in at least one area. * Cicso Certified or equivalent combination of knowledge and experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills telecom voip cisco vpn data center nagios procedures proxy cisco asa continuous improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: L BRANDS At L Brands, we are guided in our work and our interactions with others by four core principles our values. These are the same beliefs that have made us successful since our start in 1963. They are: The Customer Rules! Everything we do must begin and end with an insatiable drive to anticipate and fulfill our customers desires. Passion Leads to Success. We pursue excellence because we are emotionally, intellectually and spiritually engaged in our work ... and that makes our talents formidable and our results extraordinary. Inclusion Makes Us Stronger. We cherish our diversity because embracing others thoughts, experiences, hopes and dreams makes our own more complete and connects us to our customers. Read more about inclusion at L Brands. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details