TITLE: Recruitment Executive

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities : Responsible for full life cycle of Organizationrsquos Recruitment Process for the Middle to senior most level positions. Sourcing and screening the right candidates through various sources like Job Portals, references, social networking sites, and job postings. Responsible to conduct Trainings in the organization & co-ordination for feedback. Handling Internal Recruitment Drive & taking 1:1 meetings. Coordinating with the candidate for the final interview. Taking feedback from the candidate for better understanding. Keeping record of candidate in the data bank for future reference. Coordinating with the candidates through mail and phone, keeping track of responses and short-listing profiles. Briefing the candidates regarding the job profile, salary package and organization. The position is strictly reserved for Female candidate - See more at: http://www.fomaxtech.com/caree r/#sthash.6tibGd8z.dpuf Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Fomax Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Fomax, a front-runner in global offshore software development and mobile application development delivers consulting, systems integration and outsourcing solutions to clients.Many of the worlds fastest-growing companies choose Fomax to deliver advanced websites, mobile apps and software solutions that add value to business. At Fomax, we have partnered with some of the best companies in the world to deliver strategic software and mobile solutions to support expanding operations and maximize revenue. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details