TITLE: Engineer, Web server technology

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description "TRANSILIENT VISUAL COMPUTING" Advancements in Visual computing, have a lot to do with two eponymous constructs- Moore's Law and the Pixel per dollar construct. While the former has ensured that computing power keeps increasing exponentially, the latter has given us constant improvements in visualization, all the while making them more affordable. With the explosion of data in today's world, visual computing in one of its multifarious forms has an integral role to play in all organisations raging from the military to educational institutions. We are a technology consulting and development startup with a team of high trained and experienced professionals in the domain of Computer Graphics. 3D Visualisation and System Architecture. With extensive know- how and expertise in building scalable visualisation and computing solutions, we stand at an enviable position in the industry with our capability to deliver turnkey solution encompassing the complete visual computing paradigm. Job Description Nowadays portability and mobility is most important hence at VizExperts we target to push our technologiesÂ towards portable and mobile form. As Web Server technology engineer you would be responsible for contributingÂ in developing server side platform to support 3D GIS and Simulation applications. These applications involveÂ interaction with big sized database residing on server side and 3D graphics in web with real- timeÂ performance. An engineer in this role works into multiple web applications domains which are serverÂ and client side. An individual in this role gets to work on cutting edge web APIs which help devisingÂ applications which can be used for 3D and 2D Visualization and Analytics. Qualifications Key Requirements Graduate from IIT, NIT, IIIT, similar reputed colleges preferred. Graduation with BE, B- Tech, M- Tech. Preferably from streams such as CSE, IT, Electronics, Electrical, Mechanical, Mathematics and Computing, Engineering Physics, Biotech, Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry, Aerospace Engineering, Chemical Engineering 2- 3 years Good, Precise and clear communication Proficient with a professional IDE Understanding of Programming Languages, Data structures and algorithms, Operating Systems Should be well versed with OOPS and JAVA Preferred to have worked on Spring, Hibernate Should be familiar with version control softwares such as SVN, Git, CVS. Preferable Preferred to have worked on database such as PostgreSQL and Oracle. Location: Gurgaon or Bangalore Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java oracle hibernate development data structures algorithms graphics forms system architecture analytics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vizexperts India Private Vizexperts India Private Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details