TITLE: Technical Lead - Net 3.5, Visual Studio & WCF

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibility o Responsible to modify, develop, and implement software applications. Responsible for Analysis, Design and Development in .Net 3.5/4.0 framework o Software development projects will include interaction and development on both new and legacy applications. o The TL must work closely with the client to ensure that business requirements are accurately represented in design and implementation phases. Experience Guidelines: o 6 years of relevant experience. o Candidate Should have min 4 years of experience in developing web based projects (Career consistency is required like working with companies for a long time) o Should have developed .Net business Components. o Should have hands-on experience in .NET 3.5/4.0 based projects and Web Applications. o Should have hands-on experience in Windows Communication Foundation (WCF). o Advanced knowledge and experience of Visual Studio 2008. o Experience providing a vision of the total solution, managing a track of work and defining comprehensive solutions leading toward a common vision o Should have some basic understanding of Agile development methodologies o Knowledge of multiple technologies including but not limited to Asp.Net, .Net 2.0, SQL server 2005/2008, Proficient in UML, Winforms - UI response Education : Bachelor\\\'s Degree in Computer Science/IT/EEE (or) Master\\\'s Degree in Computer Science Experience : 6 years of relevant experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Lead - Net 3.5 Visual Studio & WCF Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting is a focused search firm based in Mountain View, California and Bangalore India. Having seen your profile, we would like you consider the following opportunities with our client for their Bangalore Development Centers. Please feel free to take a look at our website at Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details