TITLE: Senior Professor

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The incumbent should be a mid-career or senior scientist who will provide leadership in the growth of the Institute. The person should have an outstanding track record of publications and could see their scientific career growing at inStemrsquos collaborative research environment. Job Profile : The Dean will work very closely with the entire Faculty under the overall mandate of the Director and a Governing Council. The Dean shall co-ordinate all team driven programmes (existing and new) manage all academic activities - courses, evaluation of students, other researchers, and will drive the initiation of new programs. As the academic head of the Institute, the Dean will work with the Director in raising and managing resources required to carry out the mandate of the institute. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills Senior Professor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine The Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine (inStem), is a state-of-the-art research institute in Bangalore, India, dedicated to the study of stem cell and regenerative biology.An autonomous institute funded by the Dept of Biotechnology, Govt. of India, inStem emphasizes collaborative research in stem cell biology. inStems mandate to allow this cross-disciplinary, multi-pronged approach to research, straddles the divide between clinical and laboratory research in stem cell biology. In trying to answer intractable and challenging questions that face the field, inStem seeks to rewrite the paradigm of the research institute: without barriers and across disciplines. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details