TITLE: Lead Engineer (Dot net)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : Design and development of software application/ components using Microsoft technologies. Participate in a midsized, experienced & energetic team on a rapid, agile development schedule. Work in a cross functional role in collaboration with business analytics teams. Lead a team of software developers to provide technical direction. ESSENTIAL SKILLS & COMPETENCIES Good knowledge of the .NET 3.5/4.0 Framework, including Visual Studio, VB.NET, ASP.NET, ASMX and WCF Web Services, ADO.NET and ASP.NET AJAX. Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server in designing and optimizing queries and stored procedures. Working knowledge of HTML, JavaScript and CSS. Experience in working with ETL tools like Microsoft SSIS is a plus. Experience in developing high performance and scalable web applications with large databases is a plus. At least 1 year experience in leading technical teams. Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures (UI, Business Logic Layer). Experience in development of BI tools is a plus. Strong knowledge in best practices of software architecture and design. Team player with an inclusive approach to decision making. Experience with Agile methodologies like Scrum and Test Driven Development is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Lead Engineer (Dot net) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Analytics Quotient Services India Private Limited Analytics Quotient (AQ)is a marketing analytics company that provides business insights from various stats data monitoring services via data visualization tools Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details