TITLE: SOFTWARE ENGINEER / TEST ENGINEER

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: The candidate will build, maintain & execute comprehensive test cases, test procedures and verify that the software releases are complying with requirements specification. He/she will configure the home automation system and execute the test cases. Also he/she should be able to reproduce, diagnose and document/report software defects using the management tools under use.. Requirements: Must have experience in web application testing and mobile app testing Ability to analyze requirements and design suitable test cases Ability to develop, execute test cases, debug and log defects Knowledge on Linux Shell Scripting, html, and xhtml programming IP networking basics Knowledge of API Testing will be an added advantage Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as needed Detail oriented with attention to proper defect creation specifics Good verbal and written communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SOFTWARE ENGINEER TEST ENGINEER Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Silvan Innovation Labs Pvt Ltd The idea of Silvan sparked in 2008 in the midst of the economic meltdown. It was then that the founders realised that despite the financial downturn, one thing would never change the need to feel secure.Silvans founders started the company with a view to make peoples lives safer and more secure. They kick-started their operations in Bangalore with a simple yet effective solution Internet Protocol (IP) cameras with built-in intelligence to detect events automatically. As the business started to take its own shape, Silvan expanded its scope by entering into the sphere of home automation based on contemporary technologies such as cloud services and the Internet of Things.Ubiquitous access to the home automation system from the smart phone was first on the list of priorities for Silvans founders. They were keen on creating a generation of new-age automation where smart phones could be used to control all the appliances and devices in a house. The focus was also on being a complete solutions company rather than being just a product company. Silvans objective is simple to cater to an evolving Indian lifestyle, which demands a fresh approach, wherein a modern and traditional way of life can co-exist.Silvans solutions for home automation has been welcomed by several big players in the field of housing Sobha, Brigade, Nambiar Builders, Total Environment, Tata Housing, and Lodha to name a few.Spurred on by the magnitude of success the company has achieved in home automation in the Indian market, Silvan is now looking to expand into other geographies. It is also working on new products that would increase its footprint amongst the consumers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details