TITLE: Inside Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Enterprise IT Sales and Lead generation in high volume, low value, short cycle transactions using telephone sales. (Cold calling a must skill) As a Business Development Executive working for Mafiree Sales you will act as the first contact for many prospects in Fortune 2000 Companies. You should be able to Qualify Mafiree prospects and produce quality leads for the Mafiree Sales Force You should be able to do minimum 60 plus calls per day 70% cold calling & 30% install base. You Should be able to work well in a team environment Should be able to efficiently meet Monthly, Quarterly and Yearly Quota targets and revenue goals Should be able to build efficient contact lists of all major customers and identify key contacts at each company Should be able to use Social media and search tools for generating leads and account information (Facebook/Twitter/ Linkedin) Should be able to perform database and record keeping activities of sales process Should be able to work US timings / India Timings (50:50) Should be able to set up and lead solution discovery calls and/or field meetings Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Ability to demonstrate time management, basic telesales skills and knowledge of Mafiree services. Goal oriented individual with superior communication skills. Ability to complete individual goals as well as work in a team environment. Demonstrated ability to communicate using technical concepts. Working knowledge of Oracle products is a plus. Professional demeanor. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills Inside Sales Executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Mafiree Providing a cost effective yet robust solution & services to every company to managing their servers. Letting the Entrepreneur concentrate on their business and leave the rest to us in giving them dedicated support to excel. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details