TITLE: First Line Manager (Quality)

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To Monitor the floor operational metrics on a daily basis and validate the data being provided/generated. - To be responsible for attaining Quality scores and CSAT scores. To provide strategic guidance to the Team & Floor for attaining the same by means of training them on usage of quality tools and techniques used to achieve business metrics - To ensure consistency through calibration of quality scores with the client scores by means of effective interactions with client quality teams. - To be responsible for specific report generation and data analysis - To provide feedback to teams, based on the data collected, plan and implement improvement projects for closing the gaps - To review the outcome of the corrective steps implemented. - To recognize, encourage, enhance and share quality best practices within assigned project across teams. - To quickly make teams aligned to new changes and expectations from the client, through education, training and special campaigns. - To contribute to new quality initiatives e.g. LEAN, TQM, ISO series etc. - To ensure Six Sigma implementation and process improvement. - To provide inputs to operations to organize special campaigns/events that focus on achievement of quality/performance metrics. #Desired Candidate Experience - Communication skills - Presentation skills - Development & Learning Orientation - Leadership Skills - Facilitation Skills - Customer / Quality Focus - Judgment and Decision Making - People Management Ability - Result Orientation Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills First Line Manager (Quality) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: shreyastech SHREYAS TECH SOLUTIONS Private Limited (STS) is a Chennai based technology solutions provider. STS provides IT enabling and technology solutions for the Travel and Aviation Industry. Our core competence is on Software Solutions, Technical consultancy and service providers for Travel technology related Products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details