TITLE: Software Engineer - Handset team

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Skills Proficiency in Telecom Domain with hands on experience of developing mobile applications. Hands on experience with OOPS concepts , Objective C , Memory management. Leaks and crash Analysis , Thread management , Categories , Notifications , Design patterns in ios , Client-Server interaction. Secondary Skills Hybrid Application implementation (ex , phone gap). Knowledge on audio programming. Knowledge in telecom protocols like VOIP ,SIP. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Developing mobile applications in IOS. Soft Skills Good Oral and Written Communication Skills are required. Should be a self-motivated person who can thrive in challenging environment and gel well with the team. Should be willing to grasp /share knowledge with the team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills telecom voip audio soft skills sip ex objective c design patterns client server mobile applications Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kodiak Networks India Pvt. Ltd Kodiak Networks India At Kodiak Networks India, we work in a friendly environment, where the work culture is challenging, yet stimulating. Our goal is making the world a smaller place through technology and using it to enhance life experiences. Apart from providing good work culture we also have excellent employee benefits likes Insurance, Pre IPO stock options, Awards, referral award programs, Retirement benefits. Kodiak employees also contribute to the society through active CSR programs and have been recognized by industry bodies. If you want to be part of a team that is committed to making a difference in its industry and work in an environment where your education and experience will be challenged, we want to hear from you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details