TITLE: Hybris Developer/Sr. Developer/Team Lead/Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description MTC (Mount Talent Consulting), an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company, member of CII, NSDC, NASSCOM, is one of India's leading global HR Consulting firm specializing into multiple facets of HR, Knowledge Services-Training & Assessments & Consulting.MTC exemplifies the process of executive search by a proactive, dynamic and a knowledge based approach. We are constantly networking and maintaining relationships so as to identify the best specialized professionals for the leadership roles. Our Client is Fortune 100 Enterprise expertise in providing Digital Solutions and Services for the leading organizations across financial services domain for enterprise level solutions in web commerce and e-commerce domain. Working at the intersection of strategy, design and technology, we derive insight, shape interaction, drive integration and unlock innovation for our clients. Drawing on 150,000 associates across. Digital engineers extraordinary experiences for global brands, businesses and their customers at scale. Our client's multi-disciplinary, purpose-built team includes experts in digital and marketing strategy, service design, user interaction, technology and agile development and more. We come from industry, consultancies, digital agencies, ad agencies, creative agencies, startups, technology and development firms. Our client's extensive experience solving complex business, marketing, and technology problems in industries including finance, manufacturing, media and telecommunications, retail, consumer goods, transportation, government, health and life sciences, and energy brings unrivaled capability, scale, agility and acceleration to client engagements. Job Description Min. 4 years experience in Java Development. Min. 2 years of in depth experience, web based/e-commerce applications on HYBRIS. Solid experience with Java, J2EE, Spring MVC Experience with HTML, JSP/JSF, TagLibs, XML, JavaScript and AJAX Strong with SQL (Oracle DB), JDBC and ORM tools. Hibernate and JPA are an asset Experience with web application servers Experience with Source Versioning (git) and unit testing (jUnit) Familiarity with application frameworks (Spring), build automation (Ant) and Web ?Services (REST, SOAP) Familiarity with Linux operating system Extensive knowledge of object-oriented analysis and design techniques Excellent English communication skills. Ability to think critically and solve problems. Problem solving with self-motivation and initiatives. Qualifications Graduation from any recognized University Additional Information The Candidate should have a relevant experience of 4-14 Years. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills javascript xml html hibernate ajax jsp networking development automation jdbc Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MOUNT TALENT CONSULTING MOUNT TALENT CONSULTING Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details