TITLE: Se/sse/tl

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical consulting and development of mobile applications for iOS Interacting with the client and stakeholders to gather the requirements. Analyzing the business requirements and determining technical feasibility of implementing them. Participating in the design review with the development team and provide review comments. Scheduling, identifying project milestones and tracking progress against these milestones. Coordinating with offshore team to implement the design for new requirements. Conducting meetings with offshore team and provide regular updates to the client across various phases. Coordinating with the Integration test teams in planning and executing the assembly and product testing. Providing warranty support for the project after production deployment. Coordinating in fixing the related issues found in production. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Product Testing Mobile Applications Design Review IOS Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Photon Interactive Pvt Ltd Photon is the Largest and Fastest growing provider of Mobile First Omnichannel Experiences. We work with over 35% of the F100's (including award winning presence like Walgreens (Best Retail app of the year at SXSW, Webby winner), JP Morgan Chase (winner of multiple Webby's), Western Union, Mastercard, State Street Bank, L'Oreal, BestBuy, American Eagle, Neiman Marcus, HSN, Cisco, Horizon HealthCare & Johnson and Johnsonetc). Additionally we also work with innovative and well funded startups likeSongza (recently acquired by Google), Xtify (acquired by IBM), Siri (acquired by Apple), TouchTunes, MDLive, Viggle, etc. Our Omnichannel presence touch over 120 million consumers every day and have the largest footprint of Mobile and Multi-Channel engineers in the World (over 3600). We are the dominant providers of Omnichannel solutions for Fortune 100 companies. When we say we are leaders in Omni channel, we define it as comprising of 5 areas - 1. Consumer Facing Applications 2. Associate Facing Applications 3. Adaptive Responsive Web Presence 4. In-store Digital Solutions 5. API Management Services 6. Additionally we believe in the not so distant future, it will also include Internet of Things & Wearable's The founders of Photon previously founded Infravio, one of the world's leading SOA Infrastructure companies. During 2000 to 2006, they wrote several of the standards in the SOA Governance and API Management space. Infravio's success resulted in acquisition by webMethods in 2006. Today, Photon leverages the deep understanding of enterprise middleware gained from those roots and Photon's in-house creative agency based in New York and Chicago to Innovate, Architect and Build omni-channel presences that make your customers go WOW! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details