TITLE: iOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of FiniteHR, IT Product Development Company Job Description Our Client QYK is looking for iOS Developer About our Client: QYK [QykApp.com] Job Designation: iOS Developer Â Job Location: BangaloreÂ Experience: 2-4Years. Job Type: Full-time permanent position with day shift QYK, is a company founded by 4 IIT graduates whose aim is to build a solution for hiring a local service provider. It is a young at heart, rapidly growing and budding organization, which gives you the exposure to multiple product verticals within its system. At QYK, we believe that in order for us to reach our goals, we must follow the tenets of transparency and maintain a consistent level of integrity in everything we do. We are passionate about quality and we believe in uncompromising professionalism at all levels. Job Profile: iOS developer Eligibility: - Minimum 2 years of development experience, 1 year with iOS - Graduate from IIT, NIT, BITS or IIIT Skills: - Solid understanding of iOS application basics: objective-C/Swift, UIKit, Cocoa Touch - Proficient in using native UI components and knowledge of Apple Human Interface Design Guidelines - Experience in working with RESTful API with JSON - Grasp of Data Structures and Algorithms, OOPS - Knowledge of concepts like APNS and Auto Layout - Familiarity with commonly used libraries Key Responsibilities Include: - Owning QYK's iOS apps: One for consumers for request services; Another for professionals to engage with consumers - Participate in product design and architecture activities - Define development plan, timelines and deliver by them This is an Immediate Opportunity candidate with less than one month notice will beÂ preferred. Please ignore this mail if the above profile doesn- t match with your current Job Role. Thank you for your Valuable Time Hoping for a Prompt Response!!! Best regards, Eswar-Recruiter FiniteHR Consuting Pvt Ltd Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development product development data structures objective c algorithms json service api hiring layout Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Finite HR Consulting Private Limited Company Description Client of FiniteHR, IT Product Development Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details