TITLE: Subject Matter Expert - Physics

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description School Page (www.schoolpage.me) is an international high tech education company founded in 2011 with headquarters in Dubai and Bangalore. It is devoted to providing students with the best ways to improve their school grades. Its primary paid- for service offering is the best in one- to- one and small group tutoring delivered by specially trained live tutors into homes internationally via the internet.Â School Page has invested in developing a proprietary School Page Tutoring System (STS) which is based on the latest findings in the cognitive theory of multimedia learning for delivering online learning. It uses a highly interactive multimedia virtual classroom which allows students to access a whiteboard, text, speech and two way video with their tutors. Job Description A Subject Matter Expert (SME) is the paramount source of knowledge, capability, or expertise in a specific subject area. Academically sound, smart, ambitious, and most importantly having a passion for the subject. Develop and edit physics- related content that is logically/factually/language- wise accurate and consistent. Generate ideas and visualization for multimedia- based content. Have a good academic record with a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Physics. Good command over written English including sentence construction and vocabulary. Work timings : - 10: 00 AM- 07: 00PM Qualifications The candidate must be a Graduate /post graduate with good grasp of the subject and diverse subject knowledge. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills academic multimedia sme dui subject matter expert visualization physics Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Netleisure InternetTechnologies Pvt Ltd. Netleisure InternetTechnologies Pvt Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details