TITLE: Customer Support Engineer-SAN and NAS storage

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description / Expected Duties: As a Customer Support Engineer, you will provide support for customer trials and production environments. You will troubleshoot storage issues in a customer\'s environment to assist with problem isolation and resolution through the use of technical expertise and knowledge base. Essential Functions: - Receive, analyze and resolve customer support requests with customers - Leverage internal technical expertise, knowledge base, and other internal tools, to provide the most effective solutions to customer issues. - Create new knowledge base articles to capture new learnings for re-use by other folks internal and external to the company. - Develop and conduct technical training to other support staff and/or partners. - Analyze customer calls to identify product problems in the field and recommend call avoidance strategies. - Participate in product testing to assist in the new product release process. Job Requirements: - The qualified candidate will have experience in sizing, performance analysis, and troubleshooting of data storage systems. - A strong understanding of complex concepts related to SAN and NAS storage, Operating systems (Unix and Windows), CPU/memory architectures and Disk/RAID systems. - The ability to diagnose complex problems and deliver analyses of root causes across a stack of complex applications, OS, Network switching and storage elements. - Must have experience providing technical support on SAN and NAS products - Working knowledge of popular hypervisors such as VMware, Xen and Hyper-V highly desirable. - Exceptional customer interaction skills required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Customer Support Engineer-SAN and NAS storage Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Assure Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. Assure Consulting is a focused search firm based in Mountain View, California and Bangalore India. Having seen your profile, we would like you consider the following opportunities with our client for their Bangalore Development Centers. Please feel free to take a look at our website at Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details