TITLE: Java / J2EE / .Net Experts

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of Roland And Associates Job Description Job description Our client is looking for Solution Architect to join their exclusive team in Bangalore. They are looking for experts who are dynamic, self-motivated and out-of-the-box thinkers, to join the team. Requirements We'd love to hear from you if: -Have total working experience of 2-6 Years. -Have very good experience in Web based Application Development on Java / J2EE /.Net / C# platform. -Have good knowledge in Networking / Internet protocols. -Be Willing to work in North American time zone. As a Solutions Architect what you can expect from our client: -You will be acting as single point of contact for Technical Services to their customers. -You will be working with our client's high end customers in integrating the web platform in involving Scoping, Estimation, Implementation, Support and Maintenance, Technical Reviews and Account Management. -You will be responsible for Web Application Performance Optimization, Front End Optimization and Performance Testing. We want an awesome and trustworthy Engineer to Propose solutions, Business value addition to our client. They want an awesome and honest engineer to join their Team with good technology implementation. Our client adopts diversity and great career growth. They are committed to establishing a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more versatile we are, the better their product&work will be. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills networking performance testing application development front end estimation account management be client java j2ee web based application Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROLAND & ASSOCIATES ROLAND & ASSOCIATES Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details