TITLE: angular java script engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job: Angular Java Script Engineer | Consultancy Services, Web Development, SEO Services, Angular Java Script Engineer PRECONDITION: Candidate should be OK to travel to Bangalore for 8- 9 months on Deputation. 4+ years of experience Should be strong in AngularJS like Angular UI directives, Angular Modules, Restful web services, Angular UI components, Unit testing framework like Jasmine/Karma Should be strong in jQuery, Java script frameworks Good in evelopment Problem solving skills Good anlaytical skills communication skills The need of Website Design solutions which was once considered to be a part of luxuries is now regarded as a necessity for all those people who have currently launched their online business presence and are looking for the services to enhance the growth and promotion of their business firm. At SMG InfoTech consultancy services, we offer fully customized web development service based on the client's requirements and their business goals. We make the right use of modern technologies like PHP, ASP. net, Ajax, Flash, Flex, Cold fusion etc. We understand, respect, and appreciate that your company has its own unique needs, concerns, and strategies. We take very seriously the fact that we are representing your brand and playing an important role in the marketing messages that are presented to your customers. We at SMG InfoTech consultancy services are specialized in assessing training needs, designing, developing and delivering tailor made corporate training solutions for our clients. With the help of our qualified and experts, we bring innovation to training methods and delivery. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills php seo jquery flex web development service website unit testing methods travel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SMG SMG Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details