TITLE: Small Cells Systems Engineering

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Working on innovative wireless telecoms products, you will be responsible to develop the requirements for Small cell gateway product this will include front end feature requirements phase and also, to provide consultancy for issues coming from field or labs. You will interact closely with PLM, development and test engineers around the world. Responsibilites: 1. Frontend support. Supporting the Regional Customer teams, PLM and Program Leaders for RFP and RFI responses, customer questions, customer solution investigation/study, producing technical whitepapers, co-authoring customer presentation, support customer facing meetings, support/attend technical deep dive (for AT&T, produce deep dive materials), support roadmap discussions, etc. 2. Feature Development and R&D support. Producing feature specifications (FTS and SRS, architecture document, Standards Statement of Compliance, external interface specs), engage in (Agile) feature development cycles as feature owners, lead/support technical dissisions/design with the design and test teams, GW performance improvements, etc. 3. Supporting field deployments and trials (GPS team and TIS). Analysing field issues (ARs and CRs), provide clarifications of system functions and requirements provide workaround solutions for field issues, monitor filed KPIs. Desired Profile Strong communication skills. Enthusiastic, with a will to succeed Self starter, with the tenacity to solve complex problems Able to work directly with customers and partners Demonstrate innovative and creative thinking The ability to take ownership and to drive requirement/architectural issues to successful conclusion Knowledge required 1. Knowledge of the ATCA and SUN architecture (SW and HW) 2. Knowledge of IuH 3. Knowledge of Iu interface 3GPP protocols and procedure, and the 3G core network 4. Knowledge of SS7, including SCCP, the ATM MTP, and M3UA/SCTP 5. Knowledge of LTE (S1) 3GPP interface protocols and procedure, and the 4G core network 6. Knowledge of OA&M standards and procedure 7. Knowledge of GW performance and capacity Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills 4G 3G LTE 3Gpp M3UA SCTP SCCP MTP SS7 Testing Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details