TITLE: Web Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description : To be fully responsible for the layout, visual appearance and usability of the company website, ensuring that brand continuity is maintained. Duties and Responsibilities To design Web sites and ensure that they are visually effective and easy to access. Liaising closely with the customer or client at the design stage. Advising the client on the categories and information needed to construct the site. Designing a draft site for client approval or modification. Develop and maintain the companyrsquos intranet that will provide an accurate and immediate source of information to all employees. Writing web pages in a combination of codes such as hypertext mark-up language (HTML), JavaScript, CSS, Flash and Design. Skills / Attributes Required 3 years of experience in designing and developing rich websites. Expert experience in Action Script Advanced experience in CSS & XML Advanced experience in CSS & XML Advanced experience in Flash, Photoshop, illustrator and Dreamweaver Excellent communication skills Must be result driven, proactive, self-motivated Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills photoshop html dreamweaver illustrator javascript website action script xml layout usability Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ample Softwares Pvt Ltd We are an innovative IT solutions company committed in providing high quality and professional solutions. We have both experience and contacts in a wide variety of sectors from Public Sector Organizations to smaller local businesses and we have the ability to deliver real time solutions for all type of business Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details