TITLE: Network Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Excellent hands-on experience on Data Networking technologies and products. Must be hands-on currently. Experience working in large and multiple data center projects, CCNP Certified (preferred). Technical skills required are Routing protocols EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, LAN Switching ,TCP/IP protocol suite, Quality of Service, Application protocols - HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SMTP, SNMP, SSL etc. As a Network Administrator you will operate the company's internal and external facing data communications systems, including LANs and/or WANs. Primary role is Network Maintenance, Implementation and regularly testing and support also help monitor and maintain the network infrastructure. You will be responsible for the smooth operation of the access and backbone network, ensuring it is always available and performing well. Excellent experience required on Cisco Catalyst Switches/Cisco Routers Secondary Skill:- Thorough technical knowledge of OS like Windows, Linux/Unix, etc. ITIL foundation certification is desired. Should have understanding of ITIL. Good interpersonal skills, team player, great customer service skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Network Administrator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dexterity Technologies Dex Tek is a customer focused and technology-driven company, providing product engineering and enterprise software/application development services that help clients in crafting holistic value for their software development efforts.We are passionate about technology and applying it to make the products better and deliver overall value. Our passion for what we do flows through each member of our organization and it plays an important role in the way we perform business.Our 20 years of proven track record of honesty, smart and consistent work practices, comprehensive service offerings and total commitment to client needs has enabled us to successfully exceed our clients expectations and execute more than 3,500 projects till date. We offer customer-friendly and flexible project approaches, ensuring long-term partnerships with all our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details