TITLE: Medical Writer

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Writes clinical documents associated with submissions to regulatory authorities including but not limited to investigator brochures, study protocols, model informed consents, interim and final clinical study reports, as required by client contracts. Prepares clinical documents that are not necessarily part of regulatory submissions, including but not limited to study manuals, monitoring guidelines, and manuscripts. Serves as the Medical Writing representative on assigned project teams, providing proactive support to Project Management for planning efficient work plans and timelines for medical writing deliverables, and medical writing input into other department deliverables. Identifies any potential project challenges to departmental line management and project manager including changes in project plan, timeline or out of scope requests, and suggest possible resolution options. Participates actively on project teams that have a medical writing component including the preparation of a Medical Writing Plan for the Project Plan with timelines and details as appropriate to the contract. Reviews statistical analysis plans to assist in determining appropriateness of content/format for clinical writing. Provides medical editing review of draft and final documents prepared by other writers before internal/external distribution. This includes both copy editing and content review. Ensures document content and style adheres to EMEA/FDA or other appropriate regulatory guidelines, and complies with departmental and client SOPs and style guidelines. Oversees and ensures that all protocols, investigatorrsquos brochures and clinical trial reports written by Pharm-Olam have appropriate scientific input and research and are reviewed and approved in accordance with Pharm-Olamrsquos SOPs. Assists where appropriate the Project Manager in discussions with clients on Study documentation issues or technical related documentation concerns that may have arisen. Performs literature searches/reviews as necessary to obtain background information and training for development of documents. Working Relationships: Report to the Medical Writing Manager Collaborate and liaise with the representatives of Clinical Project Management as needed Collaborate and liaise with the other members of Medical Department Collaborate and liaise with the representatives of Global Data Division and Regulatory Department as needed Collaborate and liaise with the representatives of Business Development, Quality Assurance Department and the Department Heads as needed Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Drug Regulatory Affairs/Documentation Role:Documentation/Medical Writing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma, B.Sc PG:M.Pharma, M.Sc Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Pharm-Olam International Your clinical trials are critical stages of a major research and development investment and hold the promise of bringing relief, better health, a more effective therapy, or longer life to patients across the globe. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details