TITLE: Full Stack Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Our goal is to build tools which help create better opportunities and level playing field for applicants in hiring . Weve done a lot of that with Talview, our technologies help break barriers, overcome discrimination, bridge urban-rural divide, give quality exposure of applicant profiles, help administer comprehensive assessments, create fair and objective evaluation tools, but we think theres still more to do. We believe in hiring smart people and getting out of their way. We have offices in Bangalore, Sunnyvale CA, and Singapore with some of the best amenities of any startup. This position is located in the Bangalore HQ. Talview is founded by IIT Bombay alumni and funded by Mayfield. Job Description Come help us create the future of Talview. Were looking for passionate, creative developers who are excited about solving new problems. As a full-stack developer, youll work with everything from front-end HTML, CSS and JS to server-side PHP and several different data stores including PostgreSQL Server, Redis, mondgodb beanstalkd and Elasticsearch. We dont expect you to know everything coming in, so well pair you with mentors who will help you grow and develop your skills. We want to hire the right person wherever you are in the world. If youre in Bangalore or interested in relocating to our office, youll enjoy working flexible working hours, fantastic development environment, opportunity to work with some of best minds. Skills & Requirements Qualifications We expect to see: Solid programming skills in your language of choice (not necessarily ours) and a track record of getting stuff done Experience in a major server-side web development stack (e.g. RoR, Django, Yii, etc). Experience in our stack (PHP 5.5 / Yii 2 / PostgreSQL Server) is a plus, but not a requirement. Up-to-date knowledge of modern HTML, CSS and JS We like to see (but not required): An active Stack Overflow and Github profile Any open source code or example projects that youre proud of Experience in developing SaaS products with engaged user base Any other evidence of your passion for building great software Additional Information I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills server open source web development ror hiring postgresql front end tools startup django Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: INTERVIEW MASTER INTERVIEW MASTER Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details