TITLE: Engineers

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidates should be B. E. /Diploma Mechanical . Candidates having 2 yrs of experience working with any engineering industry. Candidates should posses : Sound knowledge / practices on special purpose machines for automobile industry viz. hydraulic /pneumatic/ servo presses, testing equipments and assembly equipments etc. Good knowledge / practices on conveying systems, material handling systems, balancers etc In depth knowledge on designing, manufacturing and assembly process Adequate knowledge / practices on measuring instruments Complete knowledge on estimation and costing Software skill sets ( Desired ) Autocad Solidworks MS Office Conversant with ISO 9000 quality system. ERP Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Project Manager-Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Keyskills diploma hydraulic pneumatic erp material handling solidworks instruments ms office knowledge b e Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SPM India Ltd., At the outset, this company started with manufacturing manual jigs and fixtures, today possesses the ability to design, manufacture and assemble virtually any complicated special purpose requirement in the local and global market. This has been possible by the companys customer oriented focus, clear vision, continuous improvement, lessons learnt implementation, strong engineering team and of course with our esteemed customers support and encouragement all the way through. While manufacturing manual jigs and fixtures in late 1980s, the company contemplation was to improvise the products to hydraulic jigs and fixtures, for which, development and manufacturing of hydraulic clamping systems was started. In late 1990s, further progression towards manufacturing special purpose machines was on the track and from there on the SPMIL headed on the firm track towards manufacturing assembly lines, end of line test and now recently with vision systems. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details