TITLE: Network Infrastructure(Cisco ASA and Cisco Nexus 7K/5K)

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Skills (Hardware) 1. Cisco Nexus Switches (Must Have) 2. Cisco routers (Must Have) 3. Cisco ASA firewalls (Must Have) 4. Citrix Netscalar (Must Have) 5. Juniper routers/firewalls (Nice to have) Required Knowledge 5 years of hands-on experience with Cisco routers, switches, and firewalls Deep technical skills on Cisco ASA and Cisco Nexus 7K/5K Very good understanding and experience with routing and switching technologies. Good understanding of Juniper Devices Very good understanding and experience with 802.1q, STP, RSTP, MSTP, VLAN, MPLS Very good knowledge of firewall management with Cisco PIX/ASA firewalls Very good knowledge of optical platforms and protocols. Good understanding and experience with IPSEC VPN(s) tunnels. Good understanding and experience with TCP/IP packet analysis, using Wireshark or raw packet captures using tcpdump. Excellent problem solving skills. Strong understanding of troubleshooting techniques. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Network Infrastructure(Cisco ASA and Cisco Nexus 7K 5K) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kingston Info Solution Kingston Info Solution was founded in 1999 in Silicon Valley of India Bangalore; Kingston Info Solution is the leading provider of IT Staffing Services providing solutions to customers in addressing their complex hiring issues while keeping the cost to minimal. Kingston Info Solution is today widely regarded as the fastest growing IT Staffing Services Company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details