TITLE: Compiler Verification Manager

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Lead and manage a team of compiler verification engineers Fanatical about product quality and resolving customer pain points Be responsible for the long term growth of the team Identify systemic issues and proactively drive resolution Define and track various metrics in order to meet all industry-leading performance and reliability measurements. Establish relationships and trust through excellent execution, high quality, and exceeding expectations. Provide scheduling, resource planning, and technical task directions. Required Skill: compiler verification, including 1-2 years of management or technical lead experience. Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills. Ablility to work closely with other groups within and outside the company to deliver the highest quality products. Capability to achieve objectives under tight deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Compiler Verification Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ONS Search ONS Search is an executive search firm primarily targeting the growing Information Technology vertical. We, at ONS SEARCH, strongly believe that the competencies we intend being in are technologies of the future and that we can add considerable value to our clients for their focused staffing needs. Successfully delivered several CTO\'s, Directors and Heads of R&D to top global product brands apart from some key senior strategic hires in the sales / finance COE\'s. Boast of being very highly rated by each client we work with, almost all of them being in the Fortune 500 list. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details