TITLE: Snr. Product Engineer (Systems)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Your Role You will play a central role in the design & development of our core audio production systems for Sports Broadcasting and take responsibility for core system. Your tasks also include interaction with audio and video research teams, integration of the modules designed by the research teams, provide the basic software integration design, co-ordination with other senior product engineers, mentoring of product engineers & software engineers. You will primarily work from our Bangalore office in electronics city, but may be required to spend time with our spin-offs/affiliates in Switzerland. Your Profile A versatile C programmer with a special passion for developing sophisticated, mission critical and innovative audio related applications aimed at the global market. Programming Skills : Proficiency in C is mandatory. Exposure to C , Linux /Unix shell scripting, and MATLAB is an advantage. Knowledge of FFMPEG or other multimedia SDKs will be a strong advantage. The person should have a demonstrated capability of writing efficient and structured complex software codes. Domain Knowledge : Good knowledge of all major audio/video/container formats (Raw/AES, WAV, MP3, AC3, MPEG-2/4, .mpeg, .3gp, .mp4) is expected. You are also expected to have a good hold on the operating system concepts and multi-processing environment. Additional understanding of theoretical concepts behind video streaming and its implementation specifics will be a strong advantage. Aptitude : Enthusiastic, creative, team player and excellent communicator in English (spoken and written). Candidates with a demonstrated interest in sports will be given preference. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Snr. Product Engineer (Systems) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Diginoc Diginoc is bespoke for those wanting to make a mark and share the excitement of being an integral part of a start-up team thats international from day one. We provide outstanding opportunities for growth and professional accomplishment across functions ranging from research to engineering and marketing. Filing for patents, interacting with our Swiss based spin-off ventures and representing the company in premier industry trade fairs are all part of the exceptional cahier des charges that puts our employees on the fast track. This is in addition to the attractive pay packages and stock option plans that help craft our association with our employees as a true partnership in every sense of the term. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details