TITLE: Software Engineer/Senior Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Mandatory Skills ADotnet Framework 4, ASP.Net, C#, MVC, Telerik, SQL Server, Web Services, Kendo UI, TFS, WCF, kendo, SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Relevant Skills ASP.NET MVC, .NET Framework 4.0, Design Patterns, TFS/VSS Desirable Skills (good to have) .NET Framework 4.0, ASP.Net SQL Server 2008 R2, Web Services, Kendo UI, DevExpress or Telerik or Infragistics controls Roles and Responsibilities: Design, Coding, Unit Testing and Documentation for a new feature/module Maintenance of existing features/modules Working with Business Analysts and internal/external customers to ensure that requirements are understood Estimating effort for new features. Production of accurate, unambiguous technical design specifications. Participating in solution approach, test plan and code reviews. Full ownership and accountability to deliver on agreed upon plans within budget, on schedule and to defined quality standards. Ability to work with little day to day supervision from project and/or line manager. Ensuring that all work is reviewed for adherence to the relevant development standards. Timely and accurate reporting of project status as required by Line or Project Manager. Escalation of critical issues in a timely fashion. Helping in improvement of engineering process and standards. Excellent Communication and interpersonal Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Stixis Technologies Pvt Ltd Stixis offers a diversified range of conventional yet professional software development services based on proven methodologies and practices to industry leaders, both large and small Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details