TITLE: Lead Engineer (Java)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At least 5 year Design and Development experience in Java Script, Core-Java, Advanced-J2EE over Linux. Experience in the No-SQL databases, BI and Analytics. Experience in Product Architecture of web-based products or applications. Should be capable to technically drive the small development team, team should be trained with new concepts in J2EE to bring up everyone up to speed. Should have good knowledge in SOAP/XML/HTTP(s)/SMTP,SMPP,SNM P,TCP/IP Stack, SSL. Should have hands on experience in Servlets, JSP, Ajax,Structs, Hybernate, JQuery and other advanced concepts. Should have hand on experience in Containers based web servers such as Tomcat. Should have hands on experience in JUnit for Component testing. Should be ready to read the existing old-fashioned code and come up with the needed enhancements for the better Code-Layout and Performance improvement. Should have the ability to work in fast forward mode and quickly provide efficient code level architecture for the customer requirements and roadmap features. Ready to learn new telecom concepts and implement them as per the customer needs/product roadmap needs. Should be able to GUIDE the Automation Team to Automate the System Test Cases. Should have a tremendous knowledge and hands experience in building GUI based applications. Must have good analytical skills. Fair knowledge on the BI tools and No-SQL database. Good knowledge on Data structures and Algorithms. Should have experience in large scale server based architectures Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Lead Engineer (Java) Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TeleDNA Communications Pvt. Ltd. TeleDNA was started in the year of 2001 with the vision of becoming the most responsive as well as the most respected provider of VAS Solutions globally. Since its inception TeleDNA has focused on customer centricity and out of box thinking methodology to provide state of the art carrier grade products of VAS infrastructure domain. With its immense growth and steadfast solutions, TeleDNA was bestowed the Emerging Indian VAS infrastructure provider by the prestigious INFOCOM-CMAI National Telecom Awards.TeleDNA solutions have always targeted their suite of products to substantially improve the revenues of mobile service providers. Through its rich, scalable and flexible platforms, mobile operators have managed to upgrade all three Tiers of their operation. TeleDNAs global presence and proven track record can be gauged from the fact that it has amassed over 65 installations of its products.TeleDNA has time and again excelled in providing robust solutions with some messaging platforms being able to single handedly handle 500 million messages almost every new year. TeleDNA has managed to grab the market substantially and eliminate the existing competition due to its reputation of providing unique solutions which are one of a kind and TeleDNA has always been heralded as the pioneer in VAS services and all its solutions have quick roll-out. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details