TITLE: Exciting opportunity for QlikView Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Spectrosign is a worldwide broadened outsourced IT services organization which brings offshore outsourcing to customers' doorstep. We help our customers to accomplish their business goals by effectively outsourcing their non- center business methods and capacities in the territories of innovation and advanced promoting. Â We have been a piece of the outsourcing business since 2006 and have effectively executed key seaward projects in the regions of custom programming improvement, programming item advancement, clubhouse amusement improvement and outsourced advanced showcasing creation administrations to India. ISHIR has been adjusting customers a huge number of miles away, developing into a center reliable augmentation of a customer's inside group. Job Description Â 10- 12 years of overall IT experience. Â 6 Years of impressive Qlikview development, data modeling and Qlikview project Management experience with 9/10/11 versions Â Sound understanding of QlikView architecture Â At least 5- 6 large scale enterprise level Qlikview Implementations in various domains. Â Excellent knowledge of Database concepts and knowledge of SQL/PLSQL Â Excellent understanding of functions, scripting and Data modeling in Qlikview. Â Expert in Qlikview server administration and using Qlikview Publisher. Â Proven track record of server side performance tuning, handling data issues and large volume of data in Qlikview applications Qualifications Exp: 10+ years Any Technology graduate Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development project management data modeling performance tuning it s functions qlikview outsourcing methods offshore Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Spectrosign Software Solutions Pvt.Ltd Spectrosign Software Solutions Pvt.Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details