TITLE: Cognos BI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Manage a team of Cognos developers supporting development and administration within Cognos BI and Cognos TM1 environment. Enhance visual presentation of current reporting solutions. Ensure adequate performance and minimal downtime of Cognos portals. Lead implementation of best practices and optimal architecture design of the environment. Lead projects to develop new reports and enhance existing capabilities. Work with business users and IT groups to deliver solutions to help business make better decisions. Conduct data investigations and assist business partners with complex data analysis and ad-hoc queries. Ensure production issues and tickets within Cognos environment are resolved in a timely manner TARGET BACKGROUND Key Skills Cognos BI Developer Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Cognos BI Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dexterity Technologies Dex Tek is a customer focused and technology-driven company, providing product engineering and enterprise software/application development services that help clients in crafting holistic value for their software development efforts.We are passionate about technology and applying it to make the products better and deliver overall value. Our passion for what we do flows through each member of our organization and it plays an important role in the way we perform business.Our 20 years of proven track record of honesty, smart and consistent work practices, comprehensive service offerings and total commitment to client needs has enabled us to successfully exceed our clients expectations and execute more than 3,500 projects till date. We offer customer-friendly and flexible project approaches, ensuring long-term partnerships with all our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details