TITLE: Manager - Mobile Solutions (Hybrid PhoneGap)

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Global Markets STRONG> Sapient Global Markets, a part of Publicis.Sapient, is a leading provider of services to today??s evolving financial and commodity markets. We provide a full range of capabilities to help our clients grow and enhance their businesses, create robust and transparent infrastructure, manage operating costs, and foster innovation throughout their organizations. We offer services across Advisory, Analytics, Technology, and Process, as well as unique methodologies in program management, technology development, and process outsourcing. Sapient Global Markets operates in key financial and commodity centers worldwide, as well as in large technology development and operations outsourcing centers. For more information, visit www.sapientglobalmarkets.com . P> JOB PURPOSE STRONG> As a Manager, Technology - Mobile Development, you will play a key role in delivering award winning, interactive experiences to our clients. You will drive the translation and construction of clientsbusiness problems into innovative technology solutions by creating and owning the technical vision of a project to ensure that the vision is achieved with a high level of quality. You will lead your team to convert high quality rich interactive experience design concepts to reality with your excellent understanding of proven and emerging technologies. You will use your creative technology skills to make ridiculously crazy ideas a reality. You have a proven track record of success in managing multi-track teams to deliver a comprehensive solution that achieves a common vision. You are an expert at architecting and managing end-to-end delivery of full scale IT projects & applications. You possess a broad and deep level of understanding in interactive development technologies and a history of successfully delivering projects on time and on budget. P> JOB RESPONSIBILITIES -Responsible for design and architecture of the project and work with user experience design team, business analysts, and clients to create the needed requirements artifacts -Responsible for choosing the needed technology stack based on the functional, non-functional requirements and based on other factors like client drivers, environment and feasibility -Responsible for package implementations, perform the gap analysis between business requirements and the package features and design the configuration, customizations, extensions, and required interfaces -Is well versed in agile methodology, processes, tools and technology standards and can effectively chose relevant parts needed for the project -Converses with back-end teams to create optimum integration solutions -Works with the Project Manager to create the estimate and plans for the projects and decompose them among the various tracks -Can actively identify, manage, quantify and escalate risks to various internal and external stakeholders -Partners with Project Manager and clients to establish Scope Management Process -Evaluates the LOE, complexity and risks associated in adding scope items -Reviews the key objectives of projects and clarifies the linkage of tasks to the overall objectives -Establishes steps of doneness for various types of activities that are done during EAR, Development and Maintenance phases of a project. -Understands the basics of OO design like encapsulation, abstraction, polymorphism -Understands the basics of commonly used data structures -Can produce a logical object entity model for a given problem statement. -Is familiar with commonly used design patterns, such as the GOF patterns, IOC/ DI and others. -Has created the low level design of one or more modules of a medium complexity application. -Is familiar with one or more design notations, such as UML for creating class and sequence diagrams. -Is familiar with commonly used class and package design principles, such as high cohesion/ low coupling, single responsibility principle, open/ closed principle, interface segregation principle etc. P> SKILL REQUIREMENTS STRONG> Well versed in developing applications for mobile devices through your domain expertise in the following focus areas: -iOS Development - Excellent working knowledge of Xcode 5 and Instruments, Objective C, Cocoa Framework, Push Notifications, In-App Purchase, and Game Center. Experience with Swift programming will be a value add. -Hybrid DevelopmentExcellent working knowledge of at least one of the Hybrid App development toolsPhoneGap, Appcelerator, Adobe Air etc. -Interactive DevelopmentExcellent working knowledge of interactive web development using HTML5, JS and CSS3. 1.Expert of at least one of the major JS frameworks Angular, Backbone, jQuery Mobile, jQuery etc. 2.Expert of CSS3 frameworks and toolsBootstrap 3, less, cess etc. 3.Expert with NodeJS, Grunt, Gulp etc. -Android Development (Optional) - Excellent working knowledge of Eclipse and Java embedded systems development using Java ME, Android SDK. Requirements: -Heroic get-it-done attitude -Strong leadership and communication skills to effectively manage client and Sapient teams through Sales, Analysis & Design, Implementation, and Support project phases -A strong understanding of complex computer science and software engineering principles -Proactively drives innovation within the company and with clients -Experience leading the development and distribution of apps via enterprise channels or public app stores -Excellent knowledge of working with dynamic data (e.g., JSON, XML, AMF) -Experience leading the performance tuning strategy of consumer applications -Frequent travel may be required P> Business Knowledge: Financial services domain experiences would be a plus. Personal Attributes: a. Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions b. Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) c. Flexible and proactive/ self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution d. Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. e. Ability to prioritize when under pressure EXPERIENCE STRONG> 5 years of industry experience in enterprise architecture, systems integration, package implementation, and interactive design and architecture P> EDUCATION STRONG> Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field preferred P> STRONG> P> BUSINESS UNIT STRONG> Sapient Global Markets P> About Sapient STRONG> Sapient, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing, and technology. The company operates three divisions that enable clients to gain a competitive advantage and succeed in an increasingly digital world. SapientNitro, Sapient Global Markets, and Sapient Government Services fuse insight, creativity, and technology to drive innovation and to help clients navigate complex business problems. Our approach is the subject of case studies used by MBA programs at Harvard and Yale. The company has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. For more information, visit http: / / www.sapient.com . P> P> Follow us on: P> Twitter: P> Facebook: facebook.com/ SapientIndia P> P> Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java xml uml design patterns configuration eclipse data structures objective c web development performance tuning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Sapient Corporation Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details