TITLE: Software Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Description Client of Roland And Associates We are an innovative personnel-sourcing firm with solid team strength in recruiting candidates for various domains in the IT and Non-IT sectors. We deliver services from small to large businesses and pride ourselves on our ability to offer full suite of recruitment solutions to help ease clients workload in identifying the right resources. Job Description As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for Design, Development. You will be involed for development actives in the projects. Coordinate with team members and administer all onsite and offshore work package. Intereacting with the peers across teams and Execute function. You have a proven track record of Development phase move up and are looking for the chance to define a new technology from the beginning. We'd be curious to hear from you if: You have 2+ years of experience in application Developement skills using C programming language. You are expertise in logical, analytical, trouble shooting. You have work history in Linux platform. You have knowledge on OOPS concepts. You are accountable for feature enhancements and complete possession of software components. You have acquaintance in RTOS. You hols a bachelor degree. You are a collaborator. We want an awesome and confident engineer specialized in C programming Development. About Us About Us Roland & Associates is a Corporate Recruitment Organization providing solutions to Global MNCs in US, Middle East & India for the past 12 years We specialize in high end recruitment in IT, Telecom, Embedded, Chip Design and Non-IT (Manufacturing, Engineering, Oil & Gas, Infrastructure, BFSI, FMCG, Automobile, Aeronautics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare and Life-Sciences and Business Advisory) domains. Rated as one of the top recruitment companies in India by Social Talent, Ireland Leaders in Social Media Recruiting Our client is an equalize opportunity employer and value diversity at their company. They do not distinguish on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status. We recommend you to visit our websites www.roljobs.net, www.roljobs.com, www.medicalnaukri.com, www.vlsijobs.net, www.epcjobs.net and www.aerojobs.in before applying for this position Our client is an Equivalent opportunity employer and value diversity at their company. They do not distinguish on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills fmcg telecom healthcare pharmaceutical bfsi analytical sourcing life sciences embedded social media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ROLAND & ASSOCIATES ROLAND & ASSOCIATES Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details