TITLE: Instructional Designer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings for the day!! This is with reference to your CV / profile uploaded in one of the job portals. I'm writing to you from Excel-Soft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. and we are India's largest E-Learning product and Software Solutions Company. Visit: www.excelindia.com for more information. Your profile matches to the below job position we are looking to hire and please let me know if you are interested in pursuing this opportunity. Job Title: Instructional Designer Job Location: Mysore/Hyderabad/Noida Educational Qualification: Any Degree Yrs. of Exp. Required: 0-5 years Essential Skill Set: 1. Implementation knowledge of Learning Theories / Methodologies. 2. Sound implementation of Instructional Designs that is engaging and highly effective. 3. Experience in designing instructionally sound learning materials for PCs. 4. Experience in designing scenario based and simulation based courses. 5. SME and Client Interfacing 6. Have good analytical skills. 7. Very Good Communication Skills (written and spoken English). Preferred Skill Set: 1. Experience in working on authoring tools - Articulate studio, Storyline 2, Captivate, Camtisia, etc. 2. Knowledge in designing instructionally sound learning materials for Mobile and Tablets. 3. Experience in designing video based and game based courses. Primary Skill Set Writing Storyboards Interfacing with Customers / Presenting / Convincing Customers on various ideas/approaches that are presented. Visualizing the requirement Willing to travel/work from client location If you're interested in the above job opening, please email your resume at the earliest in MS Word / Adobe PDF attachment to anitha.k@excelindia.com without changing the subject line. Also let me know the following mandatory details: Current Salary Expected Salary Notice period (i.e. time required to join) Total Experience Current location You may also refer your friends or colleagues for this job who might be interested and available. Thanks! Salary:INR Best in Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Instructional Designer Keyskills E - learning Instructional Design Captivate Software Solutions Educational Qualification Spoken English Client Interfacing Analytical Skills Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, M.A - Any Specialization, English Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EXCELSOFT Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Excel Soft Technologies Pvt. Ltd is a leading provider of high quality information technology solutions and services to a wide range of discerning global solutions. At Excel Soft, we strive to provide world-class technology solutions to our customers by combining the depth of technical knowledge, business insight, and management best practices. Excel Soft believes in acquiring Domain Expertise in the Application Areas it works in. That has helped Excel Soft position itself in the niche markets of providing Information Technology Solutions for large projects that need understanding of the application area. The current focus areas of Excel Soft Technologies are : * E-learning and Content Management Solutions * Enterprise Solutions * E-governance and Infrastructure Design Software Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details