TITLE: Credit Analytics- Associate

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Risk Hub India:Credit Analytics-Associate Credit Analytics- The Credit Analytics Team supports the global Credit Risk team in a team extension model covering the credit risk assessments for counterparties globally and across all client sectors. They analyse the management, industry, business evaluation of the company and financials assessment. The team prepares a credit application with financial spreads including historical and forecasted financial modelling and risk grading, LGD, PD and EAD recommendations. It is responsible for extracting and discussing the credit limits utilizations and challenging/considering the same with the credit officers based on the need for reviewing the limits in the annual review. Role Name: Associate Band 3 Location- Gurgaon Purpose of the Role Risk Hub India (RHI) provides second line risk management support to Corporate & Institutional Banking (C&I) functional areas including Credit Risk, Market Risk, COO, Operational Risk and Regulatory Risk. It performs a key role in the C&I Risks global operating model and has extensive interaction with other front to back teams in C&I trading hubs, processing centers and branches. The division provides services to C&I risk functions in EMEA, APAC and North America. There are close interactions with C&I teams with an aim to expand this division to provide support for C&I risk activities. The role comprises supporting onshore Credit Officers on credit risk assessment of Corporate and Institutional Banking counterparties. The role entails undertaking thorough, accurate and high quality counterparty credit analysis. Responsibilities 1Write end-to-end credit analysis report, primarily for complex names including sector/industry review, and recommend appropriate internal credit rating to Credit Officer for approval. 2Closely monitor developments related to regulatory, industry, counterparty, external ratings and carryout appropriate action. 3Manage caseload effectively and ensure that work is completed within agreed timeline. 4Perform quality check on deliverables prepared by junior team members (Senior Analysts/Analysts/Risk Trainees) and provide a constructive feedback. 5Participate in ad-hoc projects as and when required. 6Prepare New Transaction Proposal (NTP) and support onshore Credit Officers in live deals/transactions. 7Good knowledge on credit related systems (e.g. PRiSM, CORT, Phoenix, Capital IQ etc) and credit policies. 8Manage the assigned counterparty portfolio under the guidance of senior team member. 9Strive to achieve continuous improvement in the work processes and quality of deliverables. 10Provide guidance/training to junior team members (Senior Analysts/Analysts/Risk Trainees) within the team. 11Assist senior team members in maintaining a continuous training program and identifying training requirements for the team. Deliverables 1. Credit application write-up 2. Sector / industry review 3. Financial spreads, including forecast and/or stress test 4. Refreshed credit grade (PD) and LGD in PRiSM 5. New transaction proposal (credit application write-up, financial spreads with forecast, refreshed PD and LGD) Dimensions: Scope of the Role: Financial: No Line Management Responsibility: No Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Credit Analyst-Corporate Banking Keyskills Credit Analysis Finance Credit Rating Market Risk Risk Management Credit Risk Operations Banking Financial Modelling Business Evaluation Bloomberg CapitalIQ Factiva Thomson Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, CA, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Chartered Accountant / MBA / CFA / Post GraduateAt least 4 years of relevant experience in credit risk environment in a KPO / BankGood understanding of finance and accounting conceptsExcellent knowledge and understanding of financial statement analysis together with ability to identify key characteristics and drivers of an industry/counterpartyAdvanced knowledge of financial as well as non-financial risks, including legal, reputational, regulatory, and operationalProficiency in Microsoft officeGood knowledge of research databases like Bloomberg, CapitalIQ, Factiva, Thomson etc.Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, with ability to communicate analytical thoughts in a crisp, concise and precise mannerAbility to work under pressure and meet tight deadlinesSelf-motivated, good interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to form successful working relationshipsAbility to work in a team oriented environment Company Profile: RBS India Development Centre (P ) Ltd. The Royal Bank of Scotland Group is one of the world's leading international banking and financial services company, providing a wide range of customer services in the areas of retail, corporate banking, global banking, financial markets, consumer finance, insurance and wealth management, to over 40 million global customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details