TITLE: Customer Support Associate for Voice Process

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent Requirement for Inbound and outbound calling for voice process Eligibility criteria: Graduation/Under graduation Should have basic knowledge in Insurance. Good communication skills.(Hindi is Must) Interested candidate may walk in directly to the below mentioned venue. AXA Business Services Pvt. Ltd. 2nd Floor,Novel tech Park,46/4,Garvebhavi Palya,Kudlu Gate Near Hyundai Showroom,Hosur Road, Bangalore 560068. Shift:Day Shift Time- 10 AM to 3 PM Date- 12th Oct-15th Oct 2016 Contact Person: Pallavi Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Voice Process Customer Support Communication Skills Sales executive Inbound Outbound bpo telesales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, BCA, B.B.A / B.M.S, B.Com, B.Ed, BHM, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, Other Graduate PG:M.A - Any Specialization, M.Com - Commerce, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Other Doctorate:Other Doctorate Company Profile: AXA Business Services Pvt Ltd AXA Business Services Pvt Ltd AXA's mission is to help customers live their lives with more peace of mind by protecting them, their relatives and their property against risks, and by managing their savings and assets. As a company whose business is to protect people, we have a responsibility to leverage our skills, resources and risk expertise to build a stronger and safer society. Our teams across the world are embracing five values that we are not willing to compromise on under any circumstances: Professionalism, Innovation, Pragmatism, Integrity and Team Spirit. In addition, three core attitudes (available, attentive and reliable) guide also all of our employees to better serve our clients and establish long-term relationships based on trust. To achieve this mission, we are committed to redefining the standards of our business so that we truly differentiate ourselves and earn the trust of our key stakeholders. With over 103 million customers in 59 countries, AXA's strong global franchises and three lines of expertise - Property & Casualty, Life & Savings and Asset Management - provide a distinctive business portfolio. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details