TITLE: Windows Dot Net Developer / Windows Phone Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this tringapps, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer headquartered inÂ New York, with development centers in California, New Jersey US; Noida and Chennai, India. tringapps work culture is best described by its development center in India. Well, the office has a cricket pitch in developer's bay. Lounges on the sides and an open collaborative culture that few IT companies can boast of tringapps, employee productivity is a league above the rest and at par with companies like Google and Apple. Job Profile : Design and develop windows based applications Work on windows desktop and phone application development Experience in writing scalable C# code developingÂ windows Â based applications Strong knowledge of coding on .Net technologies, and experience on .Net Patterns. Strong hands on experience on Winforms, WCF/WPF/WWF Work on the existing code base for implementing new features, enhancements Perform an assist in code reviews Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A. As per Industry standards Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C# C#.net wpf winforms dotnet dot net .net .net developer windows developer windows phone windows mobile windows phone developer windows mobile developer windows application developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Sc - Computers, Electronics, MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Primary Skills -Â WPF, Visual Studio 2015, C#, Xaml, JSON, MVVM Architecture, Multi-threading, SQLiteSecondary skill - C++, Windows Phone DevelopmentRequirements BE/BTECH/MCA degree in computer science, engineering or related subjectProven working experience inÂ WindowsÂ Desktop /Â Mobile Apps developmentProven understanding of how to leverage mobile OS frameworks for multi-threading,persisting data, and adapting user interface across multiple screen sizesExperience working with remote data via REST and JSONExperience with third party libraries and APIsWorking knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies.Â Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle.Â Company Profile: Tringapps Research Labs Pvt Ltd tringapps, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer headquartered in NY, with development centers in California, New Jersey US; Noida and Chennai, India. tringapps work culture is best described by its development center in India. Well, the office has a cricket pitch in developer's bay. Lounges on the sides and an open collaborative culture that few IT companies can boast of. tringapps, employee productivity is a league above the rest and at par with companies like Google and Apple. We are also a next generation mobile and embedded systems development company with an aim to become thought and market leaders in mobile and next generation digital content solutions. In last few years tringapps, Inc. has become the largest mobile app developers in North America and expanding business exponentially in Europe. A few firsts at tringapps: 1. US Based Company with 3 Branches in US and 2 in India. Headquartered in New York, operating since 2007. 2. In-house research and development on next generation devices & apps. 3. Specialized in development of products in mobile/cloud, IoT, connected TV, Gaming Consoles and beyond. 4. Work with OEMs like Avaya and Samsung to assist in their product roadmaps 5. Customer lists include world's largest news, media and entertainment giants 6. Special emphasis on Cloud as content delivery platforms 7. Workforce dedicated to establish India's play in next generation technologies. 8. On one side, tringapps serves some really big giant customers predominantly in US, and on the other, its product engineering team is busy developing world class products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details