TITLE: CWT Hiring for Subject Matter Experts, Products - Gurgaon

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Carlson Wagonlit Travel hiring for Subject Matter Expert, Products. Location - Gurgaon Timings - General If interested and your current experience matches as per below requirement please share your updated resume at ljhingran@carlsonwagonlit.co.in Purpose of the Role : To manage the end to end setup of accounts on GDS Sabre. Responsibilities of the Role : Provide Technical Support and Configuration for GDS Sabre with respect to CWT Processes. Support Traveler Services, Product Management, Product Specialists, Program Management and Implementation Management Teams in Sabre, deployment for new and existing clients. Liaise with Local country contacts, subject matter experts, Program Management, Implementations and Traveler Services to ensure Sabre is correctly setup, configured and supported according the service level agreement Perform UATs on Sabre with respect to CWT POS work flow. Follow Support process flows, work streams and manage support calls in accordance with the defined SLAs Follow up and manage any service desk related issues involving 3rd party providers Handling calls & emails Liaison with other teams to understand the concerns and collate up to date information regarding the process improvement/enhancements. Salary:INR 3,25,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills GDS Sabre Travel Service Desk Technical Support Program Management Service Level Subject Matter Expertise Product Management Process Improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CWT India Pvt Ltd Carlson Wagonlit Travel (CWT) is a global leader specializing in business travel management. CWT is dedicated to helping companies of all sizes, as well as government institutions and non-governmental organizations, streamline their travel programs and provide best-in-class service and assistance to travelers. By making use of the talents and know-how of its people around the world and providing leading-edge technology and innovative solutions, CWT enables clients across the globe to drive savings while delivering service and enhancing security and sustainability. CWT also plays a major role in meetings and events management, providing strategic know-how and a host of services and technology solutions that help companies make the most of their investment. * Present in nearly 150 countries and territories * 19,000 employees worldwide * A diverse client portfolio of large corporations, small and mid-sized companies, government institutions and non-governmental organizations. Clients include one-third of the Fortune Global 100 companies * More than 62 million on- and offline transactions * US$28 billion in sales generated by wholly owned operations and joint ventures. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details