TITLE: Instructional Designer For E-learning Firm Salary 8 L Plus

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About our Client Our client is an E- learning solutions company. They use latest technologies and pedagogical approaches to help their client overcome their workforce performance challenges. They bring experience of over a decade providing learning consulting experience to Fortune 500 companies. They offer corporate and educational institutes with end-to-end learning solutions. The dedicated team includes a highly experienced instructional design team, creative graphic development team, an innovative technology team lead by a spirited management Clients Key Areas Include Learning Consulting, Custom Content Development, Training Development, Blended Learning, Product Training, Technical Training, Soft Skills Training, Whiteboard Animations, Multimedia Solutions, 2d&3d Animations, ERP Training etc. Salary Range; 8-10 LPA Tools Microsoft Office, Adobe Captivate, Storyline Articulate, Camtasia Job Description: Instructional Designer My client is looking for a smart professional with 4 to 8 years of experience working in similar type of role and handling mostly future 500 companys accounts. Someone who can demonstrate excellent writing ability with an eye for details. Smart , presentable and worked as an instructional designer creating e-learning solutions. Work as a part of a team of instructional designers in collaboration with Interactive Division (Programmers & Graphic Designer) and take inputs from client and design the e-learning solutions. . Key Skills & Competence Should be able to communicate effectively in visual, oral and written form. Creative thinker with a can do attitude Good understanding of storyboard creation, and able to liaison with client to extract details and convert them into structural format. Able to work in fast paced environment with strict deadlines. Working knowledge of Microsoft package, especially PowerPoint and Word . Open to Travel and work from clients Office in Delhi. To discuss this further, please feel free to call 9560655011 Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Instructional Designer Keyskills Product Training E - learning Captivate Content Development Instructional Design Soft Skills Training Technical Training MS Office ERP Training Graphic Designing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: New Vistas (Recruitment Consulting) Our client is a E- learning solutions company. They use latest technologies and pedagogical approaches to help their client overcome their workforce performance challenges. They bring experience of over a decade providing learning consulting experience to Fortune 500 companies. They offer corporate and educational institutes with end-to-end learning solutions. The dedicated team includes a highly experienced instructional design team, creative graphic development team, an innovative technology team lead by a spirited management Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details