TITLE: Storage Admin L2

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in installation, Implementation and managing SAN and NAS Storage Environments like Clariion, Celerra, VNX, and VMAX. Storage Infrastructure Management, Administration & Support. Technology Refresh & Code Review. Experience in Heterogeneous Storage environment (SAN, NAS, iSCSI), EMC Storage LUN management for various OS platforms (Windows ,Linux) Working on fabric/SAN Design and Topologies Managing Brocade & Cisco Fibre Channel Switches Monitoring SAN capacity and performance using appropriate reporting & monitoring tools Familiarity with path management tools like Powerpath and MPIO Remote Administration, user management and support Solved different software/hardware related issues with vendor technical support. Develop sustained relationships with internal management and employees and external vendors and clients based on knowledge and trust. Providing 24x7 support to all clients Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 8,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:System Administrator Keyskills NAS storage vmax vnx san Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details