TITLE: Application Manager- Information Systems, India

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - Responsible for defining project scope, requirements and deliverables to meet customer requirements. Ensure project chartering process is adhered. Responsible for creating, modifying and maintaining project plans. Determines customer training requirements and works with the necessary groups to create training materials and system documentation.Â - Responsible for User Acceptance Testing (UAT) prior to deployment.Responsible for designing, analyzing, developing and implementing new systems and modifying and maintaining existing applications to meet corporate goals. Plans and analyzes assigned projects, establishes schedules and project parameters and sets procedures to accomplish system objectives. To help organizations deliver their product & services in a manner, as to enable them to attain competitive advantage, operational efficiency through maximum usage and applicability of optimized IS applications and processes in ASD vertical. Primary Responsibilities # Financial Prepare an annual ASD vertical IS budget as per the Organizations growth Strategy and submit to make it part of consolidated IS budget of organization. Undertake cost optimization initiatives through cost benefit analysis of IS applications across the organization in non SAP domain. Support the overall IS Strategy of the organization and support Business Units to develop and align IS Plans and Priorities. Have periodic review of the applications and system to ensure minimal security breaches Meet or beat approved budget. # Customer Lead implementation of superior IS services by understanding the requirements of end users to determine quality of IS services. Drive customer satisfaction by ensuring speedy and efficient redressal of ASD related problems through the IT helpdesk managed by third party administrators and by working with cross vertical groups within IS. # Process SPOC for all non SAP applications across business units for new projects and operational support escalations. Define application roadmap Participate in negotiations with Vendors along with the Purchase team and provide technical support in ASD related procurement. Manage ASD activities for the all Business Units with respect to IS planning & procurement, application development and maintenance hardware/software maintenance, information system security etc. Manage identification, evaluation, selection and appointment of support partners where applicable. Monitor execution activities by partners to ensure adherence to predefined SLAs and quality standards. Manage the development and implementation of the guidelines, policies, procedures and standards associated with ASD vertical and associated applications. Manage interactions with Plant IS Leads to ensure effective implementation/ addressal of queries/issues, provide technical guidance etc. for applications in use. Keep pace with market analysis to investigate the trends in application technology to meet the needs of the organization. Establish procedures for security, data backup and redundant storage and aces norms for database administration and ensure adherence to the same. Responsibility for increasing the awareness, capability and usage amongst employees to support them in achieving business results. Work with service providers/partners for introducing modifications or developing new modules based on business specific requirements and constraints. Monitor SLAs to ensure responsibilities, authorities and accountabilities are defined and understood. Review and distribute analysis reports to the identified group on periodic basis. Deliver Projects within customer agreed time frame and budget within PMO defined process (Define, Design, Develop, Deploy, Devolve, and Sustain). # Learning & Development Create a team with high motivation, right skill sets, who delivers and have high integrity. Ensure timely completion of all stages o Performance Appraisal Process.Â Provide guidance, counselling and feedback to subordinates on their performance to ensure a motivated and committed team. Nominate subordinates actively for the people development initiatives like trainings, workshops across the organisation etc.Â # Project & opportunities Deliver projects within agreed time frame and budget with regular governance. Look for possible opportunities and convert the same into approved case for delivery through project(s).Â Key Result Areas (KRAs) & Key-Performance Indicators (KPIs) #Finance Â Â Â Â Â Cost Optimization Adherence to IT budgetÂ % cost savings achieved through effective negotiations with vendors and service providers.Â Â # Process Â Â Â Â Â Â Operational Efficiency % downtime of IT System to total time Adherence by vendors/service providers/ to defined SLAs. % uptime for applications Timely update of applications % usage of applications by the user departments Â Â Â Â Â Â Process Standardization Preparation and finalization of SOPs & SLA's for agreed activities by specified timeline. Automation and standardization of critical internal processes by specified timeline Â Â Â Â Â Risk and Compliance % Downtime due to security/virus threats No. of instances of unauthorized access detected Compliance to SOX and Audits (Internal & External) Â Â Â Â Â MIS & Documentation % adherence to timeline for preparing and submitting analysis report # Customer Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Customer Satisfaction Adherence to SLAs or ASD related issue resolution Feedback from employee on quality of ASD services provided Planned Vs Actual user trainings organized and conduced # Key Interfaces:-Â Internal Senior Leadership Team Plant Leadership Process Owners of the plant/Functions External Solution/Service providers Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Automobile / Auto Anciliary / Auto Components Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills IT Helpdesk Technical Support Operations IT Budgeting People Development Cost Optimization Growth Strategy Cost Benefit Analysis New Projects Quality Standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Federal Mogul Goetze (India) Limited Federal Mogul Goetze (India) Limited-Federal Mogul Goetze India Limited was establish in 1954 as a joint venture with Goetze -werak of Germany Goetze-werak of company is now owned by Federal Mogul Corporation of USA, A six billion company and one of the largest manufacturer of automotive components in the world. M/s Federal-Mogul Goetze India limited ISO/TS-16949 2002 certified company is one of the leading group in automotive components industries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details