TITLE: Lead QA Engineer - Business Intelligence

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 7-8 years of experience with strong emphasis on Business Intelligence, web application functional, performance, load, and stress testing 4-5 years of experience coding custom automation frameworks for unit testing and application development like Selenium, SpecFlow. Knowledge of C#, MS SQL Server, SSRS and PowerBI. Knowledge of Sql Data ware house testing. Knowledge of IIS and web technologies (ASP, AJAX, JRUN) Experience with commercial software application development Demonstrated knowledge of software engineering design principles, QA testing tools, processes and best practices Proven ability to drive tasks to completion on schedule Demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills Committed to continuous testing improvement Demonstrated success of working independently, with a proven track record of excellence Excellent interpersonal, presentation and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical personnel Committed team player, with positive winning attitude Bachelors degree in MIS, Engineering, Computer Science or related technical degree Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Etl Testing Datawarehouse Testin data warehousing testing business intelligence testin Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Protiviti Consulting Private Limited Protiviti (www.protiviti.com) is a global business consulting and internal audit firm composed of experts specializing in risk, advisory, IT Consulting and transaction services. The firm helps solve problems in finance and transactions, operations, technology, litigation, governance, risk, and compliance. Protiviti's highly trained, results-oriented professionals provide a unique perspective on a wide range of critical business issues for clients in the Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Protiviti is a wholly owned subsidiary of Robert Half International Inc. which is a Fortune 500 company (NYSE symbol: RHI). Protiviti is now the sixth largest consulting firm with more than 60 offices in 16 countries. Our clients include more than 35% of Fortune 100 and 25% of Fortune 500 companies. The Company retains the intellectual capital used and developed by its professionals over the past decade. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details