TITLE: Hypercity Retail : Opening FOR Store Coach(trainers)

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi,Â We at HyperCity Retail India Ltd are looking for Store Coach (Trainers) position across our Stores PAN India Positions : 11 Location : Mumbai / Pune / Bangalore / Hyderabad / Delhi / Noida / Bhopal / Amritsar Designation : Senior Executive / Assistant Manager Qualification :Â Minimum Graduate with relevant experience OR Masters with Psychology ,MBA HR Job Purpose : To support the store to achieve business results through delivery to improve performance and deliver customer satisfaction This is a great opportunity for anyone looking to develop in a training direction. You will be putting into place ongoing training programs to support the existing teams development as well as working with new employees to ensure they are fully supported in their first few weeks and months in the business. You will be liaising with Store managers and Store Administrators to resource, co-ordinate and deliver training plans for Store staff. Responsibilities Conducts regular training needs analysis in order to determine the most relevant and cost effective training solutions for stores, that will improve individual / team knowledge, skills and in turn business performance Works with the Central L&D team to identify the training requirements tailored to the business needs Contributes to the design, development and production of training materials, documents and manuals to ensure consistency and quality of content and delivery to meet the specific needs of the training program Manages and maintains training information on the database / system for training reporting and record maintenance Manages R&R programs Conducts the below: 1. Induction training 2. Existing/new product training 3. Process trainings 4. Assessment center along with HR 5. Engagement activities at the store 6. Certification process for all trainings conducted (tests and certificates) 7. Job specific technical trainings with the experts 8. Assigning buddies for trainings 9. Open Forums and action to respective departments. Competencies Soft Skills required: This role will involve good communication skills, both verbal and written and excellent planning/prioritizing abilities. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Training Manager Keyskills Training Needs D R Induction Training Need Analysis Soft Skills New Product Design Development Product Training Customer Satisfaction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HYPERCITY RETAIL (INDIA) LTD "HyperCITY Retail (India) Ltd. is part of the K. Raheja Corp. a leader in the Indian retail sector. K Raheja Corp helped create retail boom in India with Shoppers Stop, InOrbit Mall and Crossword apart from their successes in realty and hospitality. HyperCITY is a hypermarket in the true sense and offers its customers a dominating assortment of quality products at great value in a large, modern and exciting format. It also offers other value added services like consumer finance, ATM facility, telecom services, pharmacy, Bakery and Restaurants etc under one roof to make the shopping experience more rich, convenient and complete. HyperCITY launched its first store in Malad, Mumbai, which is spread over 1,20,000 sq ft. HyperCITY offers over 44,000 Products sourced from both local & global markets to choose from & boasts of quality, distinctive, dominant assortment at great value. HyperCITY promises convenience of everything under one roof & International shopping ambience that rivals the best in the world. More than 11 Lakh Customers visit HyperCITY stores every month." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details