TITLE: Asst. Manager-trans Quality

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Section: Job Title: Assistant Manager - Quality Location: Gurgaon, India Experience: 3 Year of experience A wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE: SNX), Concentrix is a leader in high-value global business services. It partners with its clients to deliver end-to-end customer engagement services, technology innovations, analytics, process optimization, and business improvements. The global business services firm transforms the customer experience, and streamlines front and back office and industry-specific processes to provide the highest value from every customer interaction. Based in 25 countries with a staff of more than 70,000 who speak 40 languages, Concentrix offers industry expertise in 10 industries: Banking & Financial Services, Healthcare & Pharmaceutical, Insurance, Technology, Consumer Electronics, Retail & e-Commerce, Government & Public Sector, Media & Communications, Automotive and Travel, Transportation & Tourism. Roles & Responsibilities - To be responsible to meet all agreed client SLA's and performance parameters. Analytical and logical reasoning & numerical skills Ability to observe , analyze and give constructive feedback Basic knowledge of six sigma and quality tools Expertise in Excel and PowerPoint Firming of quality Parameters and Targets for each process Ability to identify training needs of quality teams and accordingly impart training to team members Coach quality teams to achieve client SLA's Ability to coordinate with the operations team to ensure all parameters are met To develop strong inter-personal relationships with team, to cohesively bond them together with the company and integrate them with the vision and core values To identify areas of concern and under performance and take corrective actions To be directly responsible towards fostering the development of the team by motivating them and ensuring career advancement To be a single point of contact with the team and the senior management through effective communication on key deliverables To ensure quality reporting and work with operations to build highly effective measurement and reward system based on data. To periodically interact with the middle and senior management of client companies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills operations six sigma travel healthcare analytics financial services development customer interaction analytical inter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification Section: Qualification: Any Graduate Disclaimer:- 'Neither Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited nor any authorized 3rd party who assist with our recruitment process, ever ask candidates for recruitment, processing or any other kind of fees in exchange for offer letters from Concentrix. Offer letters and other recruiting correspondence from Concentrix are printed on Concentrix letter head with authentic signatures of appropriate Concentrix authorities.' Company Profile: Concentrix Technologies India Pvt. Ltd Concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation, is a Top 10 global leader in customer engagement, technology and process innovation. We provide industry leading scale and delivery reach, deep domain expertise, advanced analytics, and innovative technology platform solutions which enhance our ability to deliver superior business outcomes and world class customer experience. Our global delivery centres provide world class business services, with over 45,000 staff, speaking over 40 languages, in 50+ cities across 36 countries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details