TITLE: Intern, College

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Assist with the Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Documentation of new solutions or change requests. Configure software development tools as required by the company. Assist in the estimation of tasks, identify possible obstacles and propose appropriate solutions. Follow company software data protection and security guidelines. Detect and predict code defects by peer reviewing code. General proficiency with tools, systems, and procedures required to accomplish the job. May need to consult with more senior staff members on some technical issues. However more straightforward tasks are accomplished without assistance. Qualifications: Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Top tier Institute with excellent academic background Good English written and oral communication skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Software Development HP Data Protector Design Development Computer Science Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos is the global leader in delivering workforce management solutions in the cloud. Tens of thousands of organizations in more than 100 countries - including more than half of the Fortune 1000 0C2 0AE- use Kronos to control labor costs, minimize compliance risk, and improve workforce productivity. Kronos customers include enterprises large and small across diverse industries worldwide including retail, hospitality, healthcare, manufacturing, services, distribution, and the public sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details