TITLE: Japanese Language Opening with TOP MNC Client

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have excellent openings for Japanese language Professionals Greetings from ASAP Info systems. ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 15 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics. Work location: Gurgoan Mode of role: Permanent with ASAP Info systems deputed to MNC Client Skill: Japanese language JD: 1, Associate should be proficient with written and verbal skills on Japanese and English language. 2. Associate should have worked for at least 2 years in Technology like Java / BI / Informatica / .Net / Oracle etc. 3. Associate should have worked with Japanese customer in direct interaction model. 4. Willing to go for short and long travels to Japan. 5. Willing to work from 7 - 4 or 9 - 6 Shift to provide maximum overlap with Japanese customer. Exp: 2+Yrs If you are Interested share me your following details: Full Name: : Skill: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Alternate contact number: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month: Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period: Current Company: Employment [Permanent/Contract]: If contract please specify your primary company details with URL: Required Time to Join: Current Location: Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers: Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory): Pay slip is important* Thanks & Regards, Suganthi.R | TAG ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. No. A-6, Eldorado Complex, No. 112, Nungambakkam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai - 600 034. Landline Number: 044-49374443/ 9488659361 Email: Suganthi@asapinfosystems.com Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 7,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Oracle Apps Bi .Net Java Business Intelligence Microsoft Dynamics English Language Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 15 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details