TITLE: Walkin for Application Support Engineer on 6th May'2016 b/w 11AM - 4PM

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Provide first line of support to the customer 24*7. Answers customer queries raised regarding the product. Troubleshoot customer application software issues and follow ups till completion. Understand the issue reported by the customer, analyze and report it in the reporting system Resolve support issues with a focus on root cause analysis to reduce recurring issues. Work closely with the rest of the support team members to resolve issues quickly and efficiently. Keep technical skills and product knowledge up to date through self-efforts and internal training. Maintain high level of customer satisfaction and product quality. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Application Support SQL Server IIS application support production support sql server product support technical support database management iis server query execution windows server Server Management Application Software Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education & Other Certifications: 1. Any graduate, MCA (Preferred)2. Industry Type: IT-Hardware / Application support /Customer support3. Functional Area Knowledge: Windows Server, IIS, SQL server, .NET componentsDesired Candidate Profile:Dynamic IT professionals with experience in Hardware Support, Desktop Support, and Technical Support Can answer customer queries raised regarding the product. Should have good observation and analyze skills in relation to issues Can handle multiple client Queries and shows courtesy even in pressure situation. Ready to work in Shifts. Key Requirements / Skills: Application Support /Technical Support Knowledge of IIS Administrative knowledge of windows 2003 and above Knowledge of SQL server Database Management Query execution Administrative Tasks Server Management /Hardware Support/ IIS. Applicant with Programming (Development) background is more preferable. Company Profile: QuadLabs Technologies Private Limited QuadLabs Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is a software MNC providing Software solutions to a wide range of European and American companies in the travel sector. It is an ISO certified and Microsoft Gold Certified Partner. We are one of the premier travel technology specialist providing products and customized software solutions to the travel industry. We are uniquely equipped in the travel technology sphere having worked on the business processes of several large and medium scale travel agents across diverse geographies. We have developed an enviable client base of travel companies by delivering reliable and scale able core business systems. Our solutions are comprehensive, fully integrated and automated for travel agents and travel suppliers. To know more about company, log on to our website www.quadlabs.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details