TITLE: German Language Expert

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION JOB IDENTIFICATION Position Title: TIER 1 and 2 TECHNICAL SUPPORT AGENT Department: EMEA SUPPORT Unit: GMO GLOBALSIGN, INC. Reports To: TEAM LEADER Company background: GlobalSign is a dynamic company that supplies a range of products based on Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) used by Website owners and other providers to enhance their digital security and to elevate the level of trust that their customers can experience. GlobalSign is part of the GMO Internet Group and has offices in Japan, Belgium, USA and England. Its customers include household names such as BMW, Vodafone and ING Bank. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Researching, investigating and resolving customer technical issues via phone call, email and LiveChat (Tier 1 and 2 after training). Contacting customers around the globe with tact and diplomacy: able to project a professional image. Ensuring that applications made by customers meet the companys strict security policies. Working as part of a team with initiative, drive and good humour. Helping maintain prompt response times. To implicitly understand x509 certification, trusted CA PKI and surrounding technologies and protocols. A thorough understanding of all GlobalSign products. Shift work, including some weekend working may be required. After training, work with minimal direction as a team member or alone. Carrying out training sessions on Tier 2 topics JOB REQUIREMENTS: Excellent English communication skill (written and verbal) Sound organizational and interpersonal skills with a strong customer focus Able to do multi-tasking, desire to work in fast paced, rapidly evolving environment and fast learner At least 2-3 years Strong Technical Background. Advantage: Software Engineering/Testing Experience/Networking Tier 2-3 Technical Support experience Customer Service experience Customer Satisfaction oriented Ability to work independently and as part of a team Plus: Higher Education Qualification (Computer Science / IT Security) Should have an interest in IT and be good at researching and solving technical problems. Comfortable with using command-lines both for Linux/Unix terminal and Windows command prompt. (Preferred)Experience with Windows Servers, experience with Linux, knowledgeable about different kind of Web Servers (IIS,Apache,Tomcat, etc....) (Preferred)Comfortable reading source code, script, etc. and working with APIs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills customer service german german speaker german language expert german language specialist german translator expert german specialist expert Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: GMO GlobalSign Certificate Services Pvt. Ltd. Company Background: GlobalSign is a dynamic young company who supply a range of products which are used by Web site owners and other providers to enhance their digital security and to elevate the level of trust that their customers can experience. GlobalSign is part of the GMO Internet Group and has offices in Japan, UK, USA, Philippines, along with Russia, India, Singapore and Belgium. Its customers include household names such as BMW, Vodafone and ING Bank. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details