TITLE: Senior Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Metric/ SL Reporting Participate in weekly/ monthly operations/ project meetings Managing Resource Assignation Handling applications for operation/ project management Conduct SLA reviews with Track Leads Participate in audits Manpower/ Resource Management/ Reporting Update GTT Roster Management Working along with the SDM/ Managers in handling operations/ projects Act as spoc for communicating and managing relations with support departments (1.) Contributes to special assignments to increase the maturity of the CoE| e.g. budgeting tool design (2.) To put together data and slides from different sources for the whole function review with senior management (3.) To analyze and prepare the data cuts as per review requirements (4.) To contribute research and data gathering as and when| e.g. opening an operations in new geos (5.) To understand the requirements of the customer from the process & application (HCL employees| managers| HR). (6.) To update information and run validation to keep it current| e.g. PM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details