TITLE: Require Vmware/ Vrealize Instructor on part Time/ Contract Basis

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles / Responsibilities You will be responsible for teaching Virtualization Technologies and should have good understanding on installing and configuring VMware(ESXi,vspere etc). Develop Virtualization/ cloud computing training content for both students, working professionals and Corporates. Conduct online and classroom training sessions by providing practical usecases and assignments. Design quality self paced recorded training sessions on all latest Virtualization Technologies for students, working professionals and corporates. Continuously improve on teaching methodology to suit online model to lead to high student satisfaction. Work in small teams where each team member has a lot of ownership and each individual can make a big impact. Design and make the trainees develop mini or major realtime projects for practial exposure. Work as a consultant or solution architect in cloud and virtualization infrastucture design for corporates on part time basis. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Keyskills Corporate Trainers Contract job Part time job VMWare Vrealize Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience/SkillsEngineering degree or post graduate degree or Ph.D in Computer Science or equivalent experience.Minimum 2-3 years of experience in design, development and implementation of realtime Virtualization Technologies in a corporate environment with a total of 3 to 7 years experience.Working experience of VMware, citrix and windows Virtualization Technologies.USA Work VISAH1 Visa Transfers/Green Card sponsorship is available to qualified candidates. (H1 Transfer Available) SalaryCompensation is based on base salary, plus generous benefit package and profit sharing.ContactPlease send resume to resume@sandatasystem.com orMail toSAN Data Systems Inc4231 Business center drive, Suite 11Fremont CA 94539 USAwww.sandatasystem.com Company Profile: SAN Data Systems RED Cloud Computing Pvt Limited a division of SAN Data Systems a San Francisco based global Storage IT Consulting Company in the search for IT VMWare/ Vrealize Training instructors on part time or contract basis. In this position You will be responsible for teaching Virtualization Technologies and should have good understanding on installing and configuring VMware on virtual machines. This position is located anywhere in India. RED Cloud Computing Pvt is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or mental disability status, medical condition or marital status. RED Cloud Computing Pvt provides its employees with a truly global opportunity to work with the best clients, and the best tools, technologies and expertise in the storage IT industry. At RED Cloud Computing Pvt, we are passionate about what we do, and we strive to make a positive impact, not just on the lives of our clients and candidates, but our colleagues too. We work with the world's leading companies - they come to us because they want to transform their business, and that requires trust. We listen, understand and develop solutions that make a difference for our clients, accelerating growth in our business and expansion into even more markets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details