TITLE: Junior UI Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Responsibilities Requires strong problem solving skills and independent self-direction, coupled with an aptitude for team collaboration and open communication. And a good understanding of mobile and web UI concepts. Discuss business objectives and job requirements with respective stake holders Planning and estimating the time required to complete the design tasks with proper ETAs Thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts Demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches and working on layouts Exposure to interaction design is a plus. Must be open to learning. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:User Experience Designer Keyskills Interaction Design User Interface Designing Planning Web Technologies Web UI Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Required Skill Set Photoshop Illustrator Prototyping tools axure, invision, etc (optional)Working ConditionsResponsibilities sometimes require working evenings and weekends, sometimes with little advanced notice. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Stayzilla-Startup jobs Company Profile: Stayzilla was founded with a laser-sharp vision to become India's largest online marketplace for "Stays". Going beyond the realm of just hotels, we serve a well-balanced diet comprising of all manner of "Stay" options to our customers including lodges, homestays, guesthouses, etc. Stayzilla also aims to provide unprecedented reach to travelers - regardless of purpose of travel - by providing stays across the entire length and breadth of the country, including all sorts of options from ultra-low budget rooms to luxury stays. Currently, Stayzilla has more than 25000 options spread across more than 4000 towns. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details