TITLE: Strategic Account Manager - ITES

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A. Sound knowledge of Networking domain LAN/WAN B. Working knowledge in the areas of 1. IP telephony 2. Data security 3. Network management 4. Operating Environment and messaging. 5. Data and voice networking infrastructure solutions 6. Microsoft Solutions C. Knowledge of new Technology Trends of Cloud, Mobility, Data Centers and Virtulaisation. D. Proven and successful track record in Business Development E. Knowledge of commercial processes in ITES space. F. Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills. G. Excellent mapping of CxO level Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Strategic Account Manager Data center Networking Cisco enterprise sales manager Sales ITES Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details