TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: An ideal Android Engineer should have 2-4 years of experience in building highly available and scalable applications on Android apps. We are looking for highly effective and self motivated Android Developer to develop a highly scalable app simple from front end and highly efficient from back end to enable fastest use cases for users. Key Skills and Responsibilities: Excellent in algorithms, data structures and technology platforms. Should have deep understanding of Android frameworks. Take ownership of the features assigned right from estimating timelines to Production release. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability. Extensive Experience on Android platform for B2C mobile applications. Expertise in implementation of custom UI components. Strong understanding of OOP, data structures and design patterns.Â Strong problem solving and debugging skills. You've got to be an expert in JAVA. Should be able to manage stress of working on high profile projects.Â Solving puzzles and logic problem should be a piece of cake for you. Salary:INR Best in Industry Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Front End Backend Use Cases interface designs functional requirement process flow business requirements business analyst Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dalmia Biz Private Ltd The company is promoted by one of the leading businesses houses of India, Dalmia Bros Pvt Ltd. Few of their flagship companies are GHCL ( Gujarat heavy chemical limited), GTC ( Golden Tobacco Company) , Bharat Explosives Ltd and so on. The promoters are entering into consumer businesses in Health and education domain with a mission of organizing the unorganized sectors. Few of the similar models in India as of now are Delhi Public Schools to MacDonald to Oyo rooms to any Franchise model that you can think of. We are creating similar businesses in Health, Education and Hospitality sectors to create India's largest company in terms of revenues. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details