TITLE: Matlab Expert Needed

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Freelance writing consultant Vacancies for Matlab Expert Email- CONSULTINGHOD@GMAIL.COM It is difficult to get a good job and here at HOD Consulting we are having the writing job that you need. If you are passion in writing and researching then you are at the right place. We provide you with the academic writing consultant jobs. Here at our website we have wide range of posts and works for writing consultants who can provide quality research work and guidance. Our jobs are ideal for graduates, part time workers and others who want to work on academic field. Please fill up the application form that is provided mainly for this purpose and we will contact you soon, if you pass our criteria. Also dont forget to select the subjects you are able to provide writing consultancy. Great pay - the best rates in the industry. Work on a wide variety of projects in many subject areas. Do what you enjoy. Further refining your own academic skills. Help others - share your skills and knowledge. Email- CONSULTINGHOD@GMAIL.COM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Matlab mathcad simulation stateflow simulink targetlink Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required The candidate will work from home on a full-time basis. He/She will remotely be available on Skype/Phone/Email during working hours. He will collaborate with internal editors and account managers on project requirements. Should have a good internet connection with backup Academic writers should understand Harvard /APA/MLA/Chicago formats Should understand the UK academic writing Good command over the English Language Impeccable grammar and punctuation Can work from anywhere across India Can devote 6-7 hours daily to writing Company Profile: HOD Consulting HOD Consulting and its affiliated companies and brands specialized and having expertise in online reputation management. HOD Consulting (IT) offers a full range of services with key focus on online presence to clients. From developing websites and online assets to app development we handle the complete online presence for the clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details