TITLE: Job Opening for Undergraduate Freshers in BPO Voice Process

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you an undergraduate looking for job and couldnt get anywhere and looking for ways to start your career, why dont you try in BPO? Shift and off: UK shift/Night shift; 2 way cabs available Job location: Ecospace, belandur/Bommanahalli/Brookfield Type : International voice process/Domestic voice process Salary: 2.5 LPA-4 LPA Why to start career in BPO? BPO has always been a career choice which gives you an opportunity to grow and develop your personality and communication skills. The recent survey also tells the fast growth of this industry Your skills to become globally competitive. BPO is the most stable and fast growing industry nowadays despite the global economic crisis. Great career opportunities await qualified individuals who will join the industry. Working in a call center will also help you develop your communication skills Your grade of pay in voice processing industry: Your salary would depend on the company at which you are working. Salaries also depend of the nature of call centers and shifts. As a fresher you can start from 10000/- or more and when you become managers then you draw more than 30,000/- per month. After this you also get perks and other benefits as well. Requisites Education is not a matter of concern if you have excellent fluency in English Flexible to work in shifts Willing to work in voice process Job roles and responsibilities: Voice Process: As it suggests, you need to talk to customers and get things done. Voice jobs pay more compared to non voice. The main activity in a call center is to handle the customers queries effectively and satisfactory. Also to co-ordinate well in a team in order to offer the best service possible to the customer. Career opportunity in Voice processing can be best describes as the ways in which customers can get their complaints and grievances answered and fixed with the help of the voice processors. It is a technical term that needs some kind of an interaction between the callers and the called. They have been given many terms as well. You can also be known as a customer support and many such names just to mention a few. There are other job profiles as well in the same stream. It depends on the agency for which you are working and the type of job which you have grabbed. Career prospects of a voice processor: It has been see that the ones who would want to go for a career in this line never fail. You have ample options and companies to join. There are different sections of a call center where you can work and earn money. You can also start your own call center when you are well experienced. Never forget to have a taste of each and every section in a voice processing industry so that you can get into any section whenever you would want. There are no scarcities of job in this sector. You can also set up other establishments or work somewhere during the daytime and work at call centers as a part time employee at night. If you are interested get back to me by sending your CV to shwetha.ca@ikyaglobal.com or call @+91-9611209386 and fix up your interview Interviews are happening on daily basis until position gets filled! You will receive high standard job training before you start up your job Regards CA Shwetha Recruitment consultant-ITES/BPO IKYA Human capital solutions Bangalore Ikya Human Capital Solutions, A Unit of Quess corp, 2nd floor, Raheja Arcade, Beside Punjab grill, Koramangala, Bangalore Landmark: Opposite to Forum mall, Koramangala Contact details Mob: 9611209386 Email : shwetha.ca@ikyaglobal.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills undergraduate bpo looking for bpo jobs voice process UG inbound outbound call center Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Pvt Ltd IKYA Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details