TITLE: Network Design Advisor- IC&C

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Network Design Advisor - India Dell, Inc. is a worldwide provider of information technology services and business solutions to a broad range of clients. We are currently looking for a Network Design Advisor to join our team in Noida, India. The Network Design Advisor will be a part of our Leveraged Network Support Delivery Team. This critical and dynamic role will support, plan, design and implement network systems for our global internal and client networks. Role Responsibilities - Plans, designs, and implements networked systems, including configurations, supporting/ troubleshooting network problems and coordinating with vendors for installation of such items as routers, bridges, concentrators and switches - Conducts feasibility studies on strategic and tactical plans, design of digital/ analog networks, and evaluation of network services/ technology for current and future network development - Performs complex technical analysis of software, hardware, and network systems, systems integration for front-end processors, multiplexes, LAN/ WAN communications, network nodes, switches, and various transmission systems - Defines network business requirements and implements effective global network strategies - Designs secure network solutions that maximize the sharing of applications, information, and resources across the company - Researches emerging network technologies and makes recommendations based on future business needs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills networking development routers troubleshooting firewall switches network security cisco vpn wireless Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements - 8 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience - Demonstrated basic proficiency in WAN/ LAN internetworking including design elements including cost versus performance tradeoffs, protocol interoperability, network architecture development, and requirements for testing/ proof of concept - Demonstrated advanced knowledge of platform operation systems (router, platforms, LAN, WAN, and router protocols) and how they interact with the network - Possess and demonstrates advanced skills in gathering requirements, performing analysis and work with senior network engineers on complex design solutions - Demonstrated advance skills and knowledge and adherence to Change Management processes - Demonstrated excellent communication skills - Ability to create and deliver presentations to peers and leaders - Demonstrated strong customer service skills; interfaces well with customers, end users, partners and associates - Experience in network security elements such as VPN, Firewall and Network Security platforms Preferences - Experience in multiple vendor routing, switching and wireless technologies such as Juniper, Dell Networking, Brocade, Aruba and Cisco. - Experience and Certification in ITIL foundations- Professional network certifications or relevant experience Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Why work with us - Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. - When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. - Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. - We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. - Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details