TITLE: Sales & Relationship Officer - Premium Credit Card Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Company: We are a Global services company and the worlds largest Card issuer. Our direct relationships with millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide combined with our leading edge marketing, information management and rewards capabilities enable us to offer an array of valuable services that enrich lives, build business success, encourage financial responsibility and create communities of people with common interests. Job responsibilities: This is a front-line Sales position in the Consumer Cards Sales team, and is responsible for driving business, achieving monthly sales targets and acquiring new customers through consultative selling of our cards products via defined channels of acquisition [Retail, Corporate, Venue-sales]. Prospecting for new customers through existing leads and cold calling and maximizing lead generation. Timely execution of all sales activities leads, campaigns, referrals & any self generated leads. Tracking and reporting sales performance including pipeline, acquisition results and market conditions. Set appointments, listen to customer needs and sell most appropriate product. Researches and understands prospects before making the call Ensures all applications are fully and accurately completed, and submitted properly. Be the interface between the company and the customer to resolve any application processing issues Drive the on-boarding of new customers and initiates spend enablement activities.Â Keep up-to-date on products and competition. Attend and participate in regular staff meetings. Engages in regular portfolio planning to determine areas of focus & project accurate full year forecasts.Â Attend relevant industry and partner conferences, tradeshows and networking events. Ensuring all performance standards are met viz. business targets, controls and compliance. Engaging with premium customers to build relationships, and delivering a positive customer experience while acquiring new customers. Expansion of internal and external relationships, and drive sales results.Â The position is also responsible for ensuring appropriate sales processes are followed, and the highest levels of controls and compliance are adhered. Does the job required working in shift: No Work Location: North: Delhi / NCR, Gurgaon Educational Background Required:Â MBA or Graduate Experience Required: Minimum 6 months of front line/field sales experience in financial services domain. Candidates with more than 12 months of experience in B2C, IT sales, E-commerce, Travel, Lifestyle, Healthcare, Real Estate can also apply. Freshers with excellent communication skills & flair for sales are also welcome. Skills Required: Consultative selling experience. Proven track-record of meeting and exceeding sales goals. Demonstrated strategic ability able to link with the company and customer goals. Excellent verbal and written communication, Â relationship building experience in developing and executing successful sales strategies. Excellent problem solving skills. Excellent planning skills and territory management skills. High levels of initiative, self motivation and time management. Ability to influence and negotiate with customers both internally and externally and at all levels. Ability to engage and gain commitment effectively across all. communication platforms (via telephone, email & face to face). Ability to establish/maintain credibility with customers and partners. Strong Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel skills. Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Rs 7700/- reimbursements + Incentives upto 54K per month Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Corporate Sales Business Development Financial Sales Excellent communication Skills B2B Lead Generation Field Sales Banquet Sales Client Acquisition Sales hotel sales Room Sales Hni Client Handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Allegis Services India Pvt. Ltd. We are a Global services company and the world's largest Card issuer. Our direct relationships with millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide-combined with our leading edge marketing, information management and rewards capabilities-enable us to offer an array of valuable services that enrich lives, build business success, encourage financial responsibility and create communities of people with common interests. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details