TITLE: Web Designer/developer

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: Arbunize Research & Development team is focused on developing and architecting the technology products and engineer solutions catered to the market demand. R&D team currently has a position for a self-claimed nerd who loves technology as much as we do. We are currently looking for a Web Designer who can work in Front end technologies (HTML5 / CSS3 / Jquery / Javascript / Ajax) for our projects. You will be working alongside a great bunch of folks on a highly creative and logical set of projects. Age is no bar, if you fit the profile below, you will bear similar opportunities and perks as others. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the maintenance and evolution of a set of software components. Has taken ownership of software components/modules within the Product / platform. Highly Skilled in HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop, XML, JSON & AJAX. Working knowledge of Parallax/Single Page Websites, WordPress and PHP is an additional advantage.Â Definition of the technical architecture of the component and its relation to other components in the system.Â Technical design and development of the component Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates and AJAX. Building reusable code and libraries for future use. Ensuring a clear dependency chain in regards to the app logic and included components. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Good understanding of CSS and JS methods for providing performant visual effects. Experience with Cross-Browser Development. An Understanding of How The Web Works. Program & Develop Websites Using Open Source Frameworks. Backend Development and Git versioning experience will be an added advantage. Conduct tests on the component in development platform and in testing environmentÂ Participation in the resolution of incidents in production involving the component.Â Participation in activities of Software Development team and the Technology team. Knowledge/Experience: Knowledge and experience on HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Jquery, UX / UI, Cross browser compliance, Understanding of responsive designing. Knowledge of Single Web Page/Parallax, WordPress and PHP is an addition advantage. Advantageous if worked with image editors such as Adobe Photoshop and text editors. Experience in handling infrastructure, domain and hosting basics, mail hosting setups and mail integrations with Mandril API is added plus. Skills: Significant experience in Internet based application development with Cloud architecture. We will be moving to Google cloud from current AWS Good with programming logic Skills on Internet development technologies: jquery, Javascript, HTML5, DOM Must have worked with data exchange APIs using SOAP, REST, XMLRPC Good knowledge of XML, JSON data exchange layers and use of APIs Qualifications: Education: (UG - B.Sc Computers; B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers; BCA - Computers) OR (PG - M.Sc - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MCA - Computers) Internet : Familiar with Internet paradigm Project Mind-set Objective driven Precision and quality Good communication skills Personality: Innovative and Positive Can Do attitude Ability to make effective judgements on available data / knowledge Planning and Organizing Ability to identify the steps to be taken to achieve objectives Resilience Used to working towards deadlines and find a way to get things done even if it requires to research workarounds and take out of box approach. Accountability self start on goals and achieve targets We are interested in having exceptional talent be it with an external hire or internal grooming. We want to be a closely knit team of extra-ordinary people who love what they do and live for it. Its demanding and rewarding work, youll be supported and surrounded by a wonderful group of smart, friendly and engaging people with great vision. Salary:INR Salary details are open to negotitation Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Javascript JQuery Ajax Web Designing Web Technologies Front End HTML5 CSS3 Adobe Photoshop PHP Wordpress Parallax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, Other Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arbunize INC At Arbunize, we are building self-help solutions to build, broadcast and manage your identity. We believe that Personal Branding is a way to uniquely express your individual personality and take control of how it should be seen over the internet. Since its inception, the personal branding field has been feverishly adapting and playing catch up as more and more of us share, publish, establish and grow our online identities. Arbunize caters to individuals as well as to corporates. Our service portfolio includes DIY Branding, Personal Branding and Corporate Branding. Arbunize has a vision to have a global presence and its embarked on this journey with operations in APAC (through Arbunize.in), Europe (Arbunize.es) and is soon expanding its portfolio of services across the Middle East. We think Arbunize is a great place to be. The job description below is one of the current opening. If you think you've got what it takes to join the team, send us something impressive at career@arbunize.com. We'll be in touch. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details