TITLE: SME Information Security

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Implementation & adherence to BISP, BAISP, LI, Network Security Policies across NOC/Region. Reviewing effectiveness of overall Information & Network Security compliance on monthly/Quarterly basis by conducting audits. Ensuring smooth LAN/WAN (Change Management, Capacity Management & operations Management) as per defined SLA along-with compliance to BISP, Network Zoning & LI Policies. Conduct programs to maintain information security awareness. Ensure that security activities are executed in compliance with Bharti Information Security Policy. Evaluate information received from the monitoring and reviewing of information security incidents and recommend appropriate actions with coordination with TNL Central security team in response to information security incidents. Responsible for Bharti internal networks audit to assurance on processes and controls for effectively managing the business risks Actively involved in Implementation of various solutionsÂ Implementation & Sustenance of ISO 27001, ISO 22301 standards in North Region Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing & ensuring closure of the gaps Actively involved in Design, POC, Implementation, standardization & Acceptance Test Plan (ATP) & execution during this span. Getting UASL/NLD/ISP inspections done on yearly basis and ensuring compliance on security requirements of the same. ID reconciliation (Quarterly) for all Access nodesÂ Special Projects for ensuring proactive compliance at Circle(Antispam, UDNS etc ) Major Challenges : Ensuring compliance to BISP 7.0, BTSP and BAISP Policies. Sustenance of ISO 27001, ISO 22301 Certification for Circle Ensuring compliance to security requirements as per UASL/NLD/ISP guidelines RA Scores and Compliance Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Security Keyskills ISO22301 ISO27001 CEH certification Network penetration Testing ethical hacking certification network vulnerability assessment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Educational Level Must have:MCA/B.Tech-CSIndustry Certification :- CCNA, ISO 27001 LI/LA, ISO 22301 LI/LA, CISA, CISM, CISA,CISSP etcWorking Experience:Must have 5-8 years of hands on experience in Information & Network Security Experience.Hands on experience in MS-WIN, LINUX and SUN Solaris.Preferably CCNA ,CISSP,ISO 27001 LA,BS25999 LA Certified.Â Experience as System Admin and should have handled operations.Good communication skills.Keen learner. Company Profile: Telesonic Networks Limited Telesonic Networks Ltd. (an Airtel subsidiary) provides a bouquet of wireline and wireline enabled services to enterprise and retail customers. Our agile on field support system provides quick network uptime and connectivity to deliver a 'world class customer service' to the end users. Our speed of cable network roll out and span of network maintenance coupled with our state of the art network operations centers ensure high standards of service delivery, monitoring and assurance Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details