TITLE: Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position overview: The Test Engineers will be responsible for maintain the quality of product; creating Test Cases; Testing applications & products; and MIS Responsibilities include: Responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to: Experience testing complex web applications and software systems (Manual / Automated) Experience writing and maintaining test scripts Experience creating and maintaining testing environments Excellent understanding of testing concepts and the role of QA in the software development Exposure to understanding Test Plans; creating plans for small applications Good written and spoken communication skills Experience required: The ideal candidate is someone with the following profile: Qualifications and Experience At least 1 years at Test /QA Engineer position Expert knowledge of Testing concepts & methodologies Exposure to automated testing tools; Load Testing( Load Runner) Team-oriented experience highly desired Superb attention to detail Education and Skills Bachelor's in technology or equivalent degree in arelated area. Certifications in Testing / QA will be an added advantage Good organizational and communication skills required. Ability to handle aggressive deadlines and juggle multiple responsibilities. Candidates already attended interview with in last 3 months need not come for interview again. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Load Testing Test Engineering QA Quality Assurance Engineering Automation Testing Test Cases Test Scripts Load Runner Test Case Creation Application Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Extramarks Education India Pvt Ltd Extramarks Education Pvt. Ltd provides 360Ã‚Âº new age digital education that transforms learning in school classrooms and at home. Extramarks K-12 digital learning solutions are delivered via technology-enabled Smart Learn Class, Tablets, After School Solutions accessible online and offline. Extramarks has its presence in over 5,500 schools worldwide and is acknowledged for its award winning educational tools. It is adding value to 300,000+ teachers and more than 8 million students worldwide in their everyday teaching learning process. Extramarks has an expert in-house team of qualified educators who have vast experience in pedagogy and content development. It is the first digital learning company to develop curriculum mapped learning solutions, implement 360Ã‚Â°easy to use, scientific learning methodology of Learn, Practiceand Test. Extramarks employs more than 1400 professionals and has 31 offices across India and in other countries such as South Africa, UAE, Singapore. Acknowledged for its innovative approach, intensive research, the industry has suitably awarded Extramarks with its top awards over the years. Recently, it won the National Education Excellence ASSOCHAM Award 2015 for Best Use of Technology in Teaching & Learning Practices. In the past years, it has consecutively won many awards such as India Didactics Award (IDA) for Excellence in Product and Solution in K-12 Education for 2013 and 2014, the Jury Award for Best Multimedia Content for K-12 Education at World Education Summit 2012 and with the Special Jury Award for Best ICT-enabled Content for K-12 at eIndia 2011. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details