TITLE: SR. Technical LEAD

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To finalize functional requirements| assign and track the project [module] work plans for delivery and also provide technical guidance for work completion. (1.) To create work plans| monitor and track the work schedule for on time delivery as per the defined quality standards. (2.) To develop technical solutions and guide the team members in enhancing their technical capabilities and increasing productivity. (3.) To ensure process improvement and compliance in the assigned module| and participate in technical discussions/ review. (4.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications (5.) To prepare and submit status reports Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills SR. TECHNICAL LEAD Technical Skills SKU Database Oracle Lead DBA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details