TITLE: Senior Executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in Project PMO Finance background is must. Raising BRQ, manage PIP and OAP/ BAFO, experienced in Budgeting excercise. Good in Excel and VBA Creation of Decks Maintain Billing Followups Resourcing and Recruitment Coordination with IT, GIT, Admin, Finance and HR Good communication skills experience in hosting meetings and tracking minutes. The ideal candidate should possess: Strong Facilitation / communication skills. Knowledge of MS Office Suite Ability to manage multiple tasks in parallel Strong process knowledge Knowledge on reporting and graphs/ charts in excel Competencies : Project Management PMP ITIL Roles and Responsibilities : Graduate / Post Graduate in Commerce with 2 -3 years of experience in handling End to End Order to Collections process including Order management, Customer Billing, Revenue Recognizing, Invo (1.) To execute resource management plan as defined by delivery managers (execute on-boarding| training and resource release| BRQs etc..) (2.) To facilitate maintenance of central repository for all deliverables (3.) To track progress on implementation of best practices| processes and standards/ tools (4.) To collect| collate and publish project/ program reports to various stakeholders (within and outside HCL) (5.) To coordinate all periodic reviews| prepare MOMs and Track to closure of all action items (6.) To monitor project health status and timely reporting on all aspects of the program Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details