TITLE: Deputy Manager

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Financial Planning & Analysis and Contract administration 2. Vendor contracting and cost analysis, 3. Vendor Invoice review and remedial measures to ensure cost reduction, 4. Revenue recognition, forecast in USGAAP, coordination for invoicing 5. Basis knowledge of international taxation, 6. Project profitability analysis and improvement measures, 7. Customer contract management related activities, 8. Ensure commercial and contractual compliances, 9. Budgeting, budget variance analysis and MIS, 10. Cost management, Control, Analytics and Reporting for area of improvement 11. Project Profitability- analysis and management reporting 12. Assisting audit activities, discussion of audit observations and ensuring internal control procedures. 13. coordinating with inter departmental activities. 14. Capex approval and related reporting (1.) To build capability and skill in the team and manage aspirations of team members (2.) To design programs and initiatives that are cutting edge and serve as benchmarks ( Ex: EPIC| EFCS Academy) (3.) To enhance and modify existing programs and initiatives so that effectiveness is improved with every cycle ( Ex: Top Gun) (4.) To conduct periodic reviews for timely course corrections (5.) To monitor| analyze| report and initiate action towards higher adoption of programs and initiatives ( Ex: 360 Degree Feedback) (6.) To provide user training and orientation for ongoing/ new initiative Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Financial Analyst Keyskills Finance audit accounts quality data management software analyst consultant SLA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details