TITLE: Core Java+ Springs / Pl SQL Development / Pl SQL Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from ASAP Info Systems My name is Pratyusha, My specialty is to find Great & a Dream come true Job for every Job Aspirant in India. I work for a company called M/s ASAP Info Systems Pvt. We have been in this business since 1998. We work across various technologies and platforms representing both mainstream and niche competencies across IT industry. ASAP Quick Facts: 1. ASAP Infosystems Pvt Ltd, started @ 1998; has 18+yrs experience in IT Staffing in India 2. With 5 offices in India ( Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Pune and Gurgaon) and In USA. 3. Working with our Fourtune 100 IT clients and System Integrators across the globe 4. 300+ internal team, support across all clients and location 5. Deployed 10,000 employee in India and current HC is 1500. 6. Our turn over 60Cr. 7. We are top 3 vendor with TCS and hired 5000 employee till date ( client specific on-boarding number from inception ) This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, do you enjoy working on some of the toughest software problems while growing as a senior technology professional? Do you believe that software products must operate 24/7 without failure? Can you implement an engineering discipline that embodies failure is not an option approach? Then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of permanent Employment with ASAP Infosystems, and the employee will be deployed at one of our MNC client location. M/s ASAP info system expert advice for the moment we have an urgent opening for a CMM Level 5 Company, Kindly read to find more details:- Skill : Core Java+ Springs / Pl SQL Development / Pl SQL Support Walkin : 14th-May Drive location: gurgaon Experience : 2+ yrs Job Location : gurgaon Only immediate joiners / Not working candidates are preferred We hope that If you are interested for the above profile then Kindly send us the following details (Mandatory) along with an Updated Resume / CV as soon as possible, so that we could process your profile for the same. Full Name: Skill: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Alternate contact number: DOB: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month: Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period: Current Company: Employment [Permanent/Contract]: If contract please specify your primary company details with URL: Required Time to Join: Current Location: Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers: Are you willing to join our Client under ASAP Info Systems Payroll: Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory): Pass port : Photo graph: Pan card: Pay slips: Once all this information is recorded into our system, this will give us the ultimate challenge to work very hard on your Profile with our clients, We Pledge to assist you on the double & Get you started, sooner the better. Wishing you all the very best. In case you might want to get in touch with me for better assistance, please feel free to call me on the number mentioned below. I would be more than glad to help you. Waiting for your updated resume, Your Dream Job search starts once we receive your profile. Thanks and Regards, Pratyusha ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd 5th floor, Plot no 55, Yes mart building, Kavuri hills main road, Near Bajaj Electronics, Opp to Madhapur police station Hyderabad, Telangana - 500033 Call 040 48127718 pratyusha@asapinfosystems.com | www.asapinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Core Java+ Springs Pl SQL Development Pl SQL Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd ASAP Quick Facts: 1. ASAP Infosystems Pvt Ltd, started @ 1998; has 18+yrs experience in IT Staffing in India 2. With 5 offices in India ( Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Pune and Gurgaon) and In USA. 3. Working with our Fourtune 100 IT clients and System Integrators across the globe 4. 300+ internal team, support across all clients and location 5. Deployed 10,000 employee in India and current HC is 1500. 6. Our turn over 60Cr. 7. We are top 3 vendor with TCS and hired 5000 employee till date ( client specific on-boarding number from inception ) This is with regards to an excellent opportunity with us if you have that unique and unlimited passion to build world class enterprise software products that turn into actionable intelligence, do you enjoy working on some of the toughest software problems while growing as a senior technology professional? Do you believe that software products must operate 24/7 without failure? Can you implement an engineering discipline that embodies "failure is not an option" approach? Then we have the right opportunity for you and your career. This is an opportunity of permanent Employment with ASAP Infosystems, and the employee will be deployed at one of our MNC client location. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details