TITLE: .NET Senior Developer(full Stack)--with a CMMi Level 5 Company, B

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this .NET-Senior Developer/ Lead (Full stack) About Nous Nous Infosystems is a CMMI Level 5 and ISO 9001:2000 certified global information Technology Company with expertise in providing quality software solutions and IT-enabled support services to a wide range of industries. Nous was incorporated in 1996 with the mission of providing the highest quality software development services to clients around the world. Over the years, we have successfully broadened our service offerings to include consultancy services, software and hardware testing services, and a comprehensive range of IT enabled services. To know more about the company pls. visit our website www.nousinfosystems.com We are on lookout for .NET professionals with following skills. Position: - .NET full stack developer (Senior) Experience: - 4-8 years Education: - BE / MCA Roles & Responsibilities Solid understanding of application design and programming. Atleast 4 years of .Net experience (.NET 4.5, MVC 4/5, Jquery, JS). Working knowledge of relational database design concepts and SQL queries. Working knowledge of build and automation tools such as grunt, gulp, Jenkins. Proficient with version control systems: SVN, Git, GitHub. Understanding of testing frameworks such as Selenium, Jasmine. Working knowledge of HTML5 & CSS, including SASS & LESS. Experience with UI responsive frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation. Proficiency in object-oriented programming and experience applying modern design patterns. Minimum Qualifications Bachelors degree or equivalent of education and experience. 4 to 8 years of experience in web and application design and development. If you feel, you match the criteria above then please send in your updated profile to raghur@nousinfo.com and also do share following details. Current Salary :- Expected Salary :- Minimum Notice Period (only Candidates with shorter notice period are preferred):- Thanks and Regards Raghu.R ManagerTalent Acquisition Nous Infosystems #1, Ist Main, Ist Block, Koramangala, Bangalore-34 CMMi Level 5 Company Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills JQuery Javascript CSS Visual Studio C# Design Patterns SQL Queries SVN .Net dotnet MVC Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Nous Info Systems Nous Info Systems Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details