TITLE: Public Relation Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Regular Press Releases - Permanent updates to the market with specific campaign details, new installations, awards or any other major development. Working closely with the Sales Team to identify potential campaigns for PR. Coordinating with Sales for gathering relevant campaign information for P.R articles. Coordination with various Media vehicles for article release. Develop risk assessments and implement crisis and issues planning to ensure an organizations reputation is maintainedÂ Prepare an Annual PR plan and ensure its implementation.Â Media Interaction - Identify opportunities for media interaction of the top management on a regular basis. Ensuring timely delivery of inputs to the various media outlets maintaining the PR guidelines.Â Industry Interaction - I dentify potential opportunities for participating in awards/forums/ conference/ industry event and prepare the collaterals required for the same. Internal Coordination - Coordination with the global offices for implementing new corporate practices such as policies, email signature, graphic guidelines. Also ensure timely submission of the inputs for global/ regional requirements such as proposals, images, articles etc.Â Presentation/Animation to support Business Development - Assisting in creation of Sales & Business Development presentation/ proposals. Assisting in tender process as and when required in respect of layout/content. Category/Pitch Presentation - Be force of proposal for the sales teams. Identifying the various opportunities and prepare an annual calendar(Events/ Seasons/Festivals etc). Be creative (Goodies, Pen Drives, Direct Mailers, Packaging etc).Â Marketing Collaterals - Support Marketing Department in creation of various collaterals such as brochures, profiles, videos, press kit etc.Â Newsletters/ Mailers - Prepare a schedule for Monthly/ Category Mailers, Coordinate with various departments to extract information on the relevant campaigns. Liaison with Design Team to develop the Newsletter in order to ensure timely roll out and circulation Website Management - Ensure regular updating of the website with PR articles, Newsletters, Awards, Images, Offers etc.Â Photography Schedule - Prepare and Circulate Weekly photography schedule to the external photographer considering the importance of the images from presentation/ category/ portfolio perspective.Â Marketing Intelligence - Identify potential market intelligence from the various sources and sharing with the Sales teams for their information and follow up. Staying updated of the market scenario and preparing market/competitor analysis/report. Regular updating of subsidiary achievements & updates on the global intranet platform. Data mining to support Sales & Marketing. News Corner - Constant updating of News , Campaign information and the latest happenings to make the News Corner live and vibrant in all locations. Database Management - Maintain the Database for PR Contacts & Clients for the purpose of dissemination of Articles & NewslettersÂ Ideation - This is a very important area in terms of staying relevant as a department. To continually ideate and share ideas related to our business, to undertake disruptive communication strategies with the market. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Public Relations Role:Public Relations Executive Keyskills PR corporate communication media relations advertising public relation mass communication Website Content writing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd. MNC Client of Kelly MNC Client of Kelly Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details