TITLE: Sr. HR Executive

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Collection of requirement of manpower from various departmental heads. Evaluate the Need and approval from authorized person. Develop and execute recruiting plans. Attract potential employees through a range of means. Scrutiny and short listing of the applications received. Sending interview call letters/ mails as required. Conducting Interviews through panels. Pre Employment Reference checks. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills Shortlisting Interviewing Conducting Interviews Recruitment HR Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LSC Infratech Ltd LSC Infratech Ltd. is India's oldest & largest stone crushing company involved in the production of Crushed Stone Grits, Sand, Industrial Gases as well as Automobile - Kumar Auto Wheels Ltd. The Group has acquires Dealership of Mahindra & Mahindra for full range of Commercial and personal segment of Vehicles in Udham Singh Nagar. The Group has a present turnover of INR 250 crores and capacity of 9 million tons per annum. We have taken a target of establishing 25 stone crushers PAN India and achieving capacity of 25 million tons further plan to enter the business of real estate which will help us reach a turn over of INR 1000 crores. For this we have to strengthen our existing team and keeping in mind our expansion plans and targets of next 5 years. Our stone crushing business started in the year 1991 by setting up first unit at Haldwani, Distt. Nainital (UP) under the name of Lalkuan Stone Crushers Ltd., Since then the company is expanding its business and today we have 6 manufacturing units of 2 million tons per annum each in 3 states. The company was renamed as LSC Infratech Ltd. in 2012, as it was popularly known among the Construction Industry. Our corporate office is at Rudrapur along with our plants in various locations: Haldwani (Nainital), Bazpur, Kishanpur, Ajeetpur, Saharanpur (U.P) and Bharatpur (Rajasthan). Please visit our Website " www.lscinfratech.com " to know more about LSC Infratech Ltd. Please read study, understand and verify about Company, its business, brand image, product profile, belongingness and location related information through your sources as well as the company sources provided in the website. We are providing Open and Free hand support, Umbrella in all manners, Respect in society and Best Remuneration in Industry and area. In addition to above, the Group is immediately doing expansion by establishing stone crushers in different states of the country within 1 year and going to introduce itself in other different minerals processing business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details