TITLE: Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.Hands-on Experience or Sound knowledge on AD, Network Devices, and Windows/ UNIX Servers, & Backup. 2.Hands-on work experience with the following: Any alert monitoring tool eg: Netcool, BMC Patrol, NNM etc. - Incident lifecycle process. - Any ITSM tool eg: Remedy, Peregrine etc. - Batch job scheduling. - Start/ stop backup jobs. 3.Ready to work in Night Shifts (24x7x 365 model) 4. Good communication skills (1.) To contribute research and data gathering as and when| e.g. opening an operations in new geos (2.) Contributes to special assignments to increase the maturity of the CoE| e.g. budgeting tool design (3.) To analyze and prepare the data cuts as per review requirements (4.) To update information and run validation to keep it current| e.g. PMS (5.) To understand the requirements of the customer from the process & application (HCL employees| managers| HR). (6.) To put together data and slides from different sources for the whole function review with senior managemen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details