TITLE: Fresher CA Job-big 4 Shared Services, Gurgaon-interview @4th/5th Feb

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Employer : Big 4 ( Shared Services) Position : Senior Associate Experience : Fresher CA Job Location : Gurgaon Interview Location: Gurgaon -4th/ 5th Feb ( no travel reimbursement to outstation candidates) Profile : External Audit ( no other role available) Roles and Responsibilities : - Lead an engagement from the front and ensure the team delivers timely and high quality work, as per the Global team expectations. - Demonstrate strong understanding while performing reviews of audit procedures performed by staff, along with knowledge of tools to make audits more efficient and meaningful. - Develop and maintain productive relationships with key Global counterparts like Assurance executives based out of Americas or Europe. - Develop an understanding of Quality and Risk Management procedures, and ensure these are embedded in to the engagement team's work. - Proactively discuss work flow management with the audit teams, allocating resources to the assigned work and monitoring performance against standards. Monitor utilization for one's team, budget to actuals,and other operational matters. - Demonstrate professionalism, competence and clarity of communication when dealing with Global auditteams. - Establish expectations of value to be delivered to the respective Global teams aligned. - Identify opportunities to improve the scope of work for one's own engagements. - Standardize audit processes along with leveraging best practices across one's aligned engagements or beyond. - Motivate and lead team members, identify and foster key talents, coach and supervise team members - Be responsible for various operational matters related to engagements aligned. - Conduct timely performance reviews and provide performance feedback/training. Lead by example. Please apply with your CV with below details if this suits your requirement : Current Salary ( if working): Expected Salary ( if working): Current Employer ( if working): Current Location : Ok for Gurgaon -Yes / No: CA Batch : Number of attempts in CA Final: Articleship Firm Name: Current Location: Available in Gurgaon on 4th/ 5th Feb-Yes /No Priya priya@phenomplacements.in Phenom Placement Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Keyskills Auditing External Audit Shared Services Risk Management Fresher CA Gurgaon jobs big 4 jobs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Premium Phenom Placement ( www.phenomplacement.com) is a leading placement consultant for Fresher CA Off Campus PLacement Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details