TITLE: Urgent Openings for Webmethods Admin-work Location-pune/bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear candidate, Greeting from CBSI India Pvt Ltd !. We have immediate opening for Web methods Admin for one of our re-owned Pune client in Pune /Bangalore. Designation: Web methods Admin Years of exp : 5 to 7 years NP : Immediate Immediate or 15 to 20 days Work Location: Pune/Bangalore JD Webmethods Administrator 5 - 7 yrs GCM 4 Job Description Mandatory Skill/s: Minimum of 3+ Years of UNIX or Linux system administration support. 3+ years experience in RMON, SNMP and management tools configuration and reporting 3+ years experience administering one or more of the webMethods software stack (Integration server, broker, mediator, Centrasite and Nirvana (UM)) Strong troubleshooting skills Very good verbal and written communication job responsibilities: 1.Provide webMethods version 9.x software administration support. 2.Manages the configuration of the major webMethods components such as Integrations Server, Broker, My webMethods Server (MWS), Centrasite and Nirvana (UM). 3.Creates and manages webMethods user accounts and security access. 4.Providing support to the development team by promoting developed software service packages through the Development, Test, Stage and Production environments following the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle). If interested, kindly drop updated CV along with details listed below to mentioned id/refer your friends too. Full Name: Designation: current Company: years of exp : Current CTC : Expected CTC : NP : Reason for change : Drop mail to makkenas@cbsiglobal.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills web methods admin webmethods webmethods admin Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CBSI India Pvt. Ltd. CBSI INDIA is a technology enterprise established in MI - USA in the year 1998. We offer enterprise software services to medium and large organizations. We have our presence in the US, Brazil, Hong Kong, China, Singapore and in India. We are a $100 million turnover company with about 2500 employees working with us. CBSI INDIA is focused on enterprise applications, mobile applications and cloud enablement. We work as a technology partner to transform business and deliver measurable results. Our professional services team deploys technology professional to our client projects and fulfill their project staffing needs on long term engagements. CBSI INDIA is dedicated to provide its customers with the best possible service. CBSI INDIA has deployed several thousand top notch technical professionals to many fortune 500 companies in India. We are recognized as one of the primary global partners / core software service partner by our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details