TITLE: Desktop Support_gurgaon

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an urgent Opening for Desktop Support Engineer for Top Global ITCompany, Client of Experis IT (Formerly WDC) Selected candidates will be on permanent payroll with Experis IT & will get deputed @ client's location. Job Location: Gurgaon Experience: 1+ yrs If interested please share your resume at juiashok.mulay@in.experis.com (020-67245877) with the following details: Current Organization(Payroll Company)- Total Experience- Relevant Experience- Current Location- Current CTC - Expected CTC - Notice period- Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Desktop Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Experis IT Private Limited Desktop Support_gurgaon Experis IT India (Formerly WDC) is part of ManpowerGroup (NYSE: MAN), the world leader in innovative project & workforce solutions. With over 60 years of experience, our $22 billion company creates unique value through a comprehensive suite of innovative solutions that help clients win in the Human Age. These solutions cover an entire range of talent driven needs from Application and Software Development, Web Technologies, ERP & Consulting, Recruitment and Assessment, Training and Development and Career Management. ManpowerGroup maintains the world's largest and industry leading network of 3,600 offices in 80 countries and territories, generating a dynamic mix of an unmatched global footprint with valuable insight and local expertise to meet the needs of its 400,000 clients per year, across all industry sectors, small and medium sized enterprises, local, multinational and global companies. By connecting our deep understanding of human potential to the ambitions of clients, ManpowerGroup helps the organizations and individuals we serve achieve more than they imagined because their success leads to our success. And by creating these powerful connections, we create power that drives organizations forward, accelerates personal success and builds more sustainable communities. We help power the world of work. The ManpowerGroup suite of solutions is offered through ManpowerGroup Solutions, Manpower, Experis and Right Management. ManpowerGroup is the most trusted brand in the industry, and was once again the only company in our industry to be named to the Ethisphere Institute's 2012 World's Most Ethical Companies list for our proven commitment to ethical business practices, including an outstanding commitment to ethical leadership, compliance practices and corporate social responsibility. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details