TITLE: Require Full time Web Developer- WFH Option Available

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum Requirements: 3+ years' experience developing large scale high availability software systems in the cloud. MS in Computer Science or related field -- or equivalent provable experience. Expert in multiple software development languages, frameworks, and database systems. Core expertise required is PHP and Java, Java scripting, the Codeigniter framework, MySQL, MongoDB databases, Python / Linux shell scripting and the LAMP platform. Extra skill-sets will make you standout and desirable. Experience using MVC methodologies, OOP concepts, and thorough understanding of Agile Development, SD LC standards, mobile and web development best practices. Passionate about emerging mobile and Internet software development concepts and technologies. -Developing websites, interacting with multiple APIs, Wordpress, Databases Contact Please send resume to jobs@imprue.com Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills PHP MySQL Codeigniter Framework Wordpress LAMP MongoDB Java Linux Python Web Development web design web programming Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job Description above Company Profile: Imprue Inc. Imprue Inc. http://www.imprue.com Imprue Inc. is a San Francisco based global online and manufacturing Company with offices in USA, India, China, Singapore, and Hong Kong, in the search for experienced Web developer who should be expert in multiple software development languages, frameworks, and database systems. Core expertise required is PHP and Java, Java scripting, the Codeigniter framework, MySQL, MongoDB databases, Python / Linux shell scripting and the LAMP platform. Imprue Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or mental disability status, medical condition or marital status. At Imprue, we are passionate about what we do, and we strive to make a positive impact, not just on the lives of our clients and candidates, but our colleagues too. We work with the world's leading companies - they come to us because they want to transform their business, and that requires trust. We listen, understand and develop solutions that make a difference for our clients, accelerating growth in our business and expansion into even more markets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details