TITLE: SEO- Team Lead

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Manage the day-to-day search marketing activities across multiple search engines (Google, Yahoo, MSN, Bing, etc.) including the campaign planning, implementation, budget management, performance review, and optimization of paid search campaigns. Responsibilities include keyword research (discovery and expansion), review and editing of creative copy (titles and descriptions), review and analysis of web site performance metrics, and optimization of campaigns. Grow and optimize our keywords portfolio through testing (A/B and Multivariate) with ad copy, landing pages, bidding strategies, negative keywording, etc. Develop near and long-term PPC account strategies, roadmaps and execute day-to-day tactics that increase revenue, site traffic, conversion and margins. Drive continued innovation and best practice implementation, regularly sharing your knowledge with the marketing team and top executives. Research and manage affiliate and online advertising programs. Prepare and execute on a business plan to establish an international SEM strategy in targeted regions/countries. Stay current with new advances in search engine marketing, competitive landscape, and keyword research. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Marketing/SEM Specialist Keyskills SEO SEM Search Engine Marketing PPC Keyword Research MSN Online Advertising Yahoo Facebook Media Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Knowledge & Skills 5+ years experience managing paid and organic search campaigns Should hold Google Adwords Certification and Google Analytics Certification, etc. Requires hands-on knowledge of best practices in SEM and a proven track-record of delivering qualified traffic from both an acquisition and conversion standpoint Knowledge on other Paid Tools for Bid Management, keyword Research and Website Traffic Analysis Strong analytical skills with ability to drive meaningful actions from large data sets Ability to present Plans to the Clients Company Profile: Publicis istrat Publicis iStrat is a New Media company based out of New Delhi with Marketing Offices in Australia & USA. iStrat is amongst the leading companies in India offering highly innovative and robust Internet Solutions to corporates worldwide. We are passionate to excel in projects we undertake, by delivering Website & Portals that are benchmarks for others to follow. We are always innovating, strategizing and optimizing. We offer: Environment: A well charged and set of young teammates who work hard, party hard. Challenging assignments: Your assignments are basis the challenges you want to taken on. The opportunity to work latest technologies, AJAX, Div Tags, Flex, Flash Video etc. Instead of limiting yourself to just vanilla sites. You work on brand sites, corporate sites, ecommerce sites, social media sites, portals. Clients that you would love to work for: Do you work for unknown names...at iStrat you work with best names in the Industry... check our client list on our website...it will surely set you racing... Knowledge & Confidence: Since we are always pushing the limits at iStrat you grow out to be a person armed with Knowledge and Confidence of taking on the world. Salaries: The Salaries offered at iStrat are the best available in the industry inline with your experience. Lots to get you motivated! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details