TITLE: Executive - Business Development || Delhi

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Company: We are a young, dynamic IT company (www.classicinformatics.com) with more than a decade of presence in the industry and bringing forth in the market our new innovative IT product for the customer service industry (Hospitality, Healthcare, Entertainment, Business, Automobile, Aviation, Financial Sector, Beauty etc). We are already LIVE in the market ( www.zonkafeedback.com) and very excited with the initial market response and global customer base and expanding operations significantly now. The job: A great opportunity for young, energetic sales professionals to work and be a part of highly successful sales team and help us develop new business opportunities. We are planning to expand our team and looking for aggressive sales personnel who will make an immediate impact. This candidate will be responsible for targeting key accounts, building relationships with new clients, setting appointments and uncovering new opportunities and helping to grow the business. We are looking for someone that is a team player and go-getter. A successful candidate must have a can-do attitude and be a customer focused person. Our ideal candidate is entrepreneurial and ambitious, with excellent written and oral communication skills, client relationship-building skills, and a strong sales skill set. If you are a motivated professional with strong business acumen and thrive in a fast-paced and self-directed work environment, we want to hear from you. Other aspects of the job will include: Managing incoming inquiresÂ Cold Calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to get new business.Â Gathering marketing and customer informationÂ Maintaining and developing relationship with new and existing customers in person, via calls or emails.Â Visiting clients and demonstrating products, its benefits and advantages Getting a clear understanding of the clients requirements and presenting the product appropriately to ensure salesÂ Creating detailed proposals for prospective customersÂ Closing deals after negotiation of terms and pricingÂ Managing daily reports to monitor resultsÂ Reporting activities on daily/weekly/monthly basis Managing, scheduling and tracking all activities through CRM. We are looking for someone who should: Be an excellent communicator written and oral Able to respond well to pressure Think creatively Work well in a team and with a wide range of peopleÂ Be organised and methodicalÂ Be proactive and able to take the initiativeÂ Be well presented with a professional manner Be persuasive and diplomaticÂ Have a good business awareness Have knowledge of a wide range of marketing techniques and conceptsÂ Good experience of Microsoft Excel and Microsoft WordÂ Should have a good experience in marketing and sales Highly Preferred: *Candidates who can join us immediately will be highly preferred. Experience required: 2-4 yrs Job Location: New Delhi Salary: Negotiable for Good Candidates If you are interested in our career opportunities, please email your resume with salary requirements to tiji.mathew @ classicinformatics.com Salary:INR Negotiable for Good Candidates Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Sales Executive / Officer Keyskills Sales Cold Calling Marketing Business Development lead generation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Classic Informatics Pvt. Ltd. Classic Informatics is a Microsoft Gold Certified partner in Application Development competency, a global web development and mobile apps development agency with over 150 techies and designers on-board. Our clients include SMEs, enterprises and start-ups in over 30 counties across the world. We are headquartered in New Delhi, with another offshore development center in Chandigarh, India and a sales office in London UK. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details