TITLE: Senior Java Developer/lead Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job title: Sr. Java Developer/Lead Developer Location: Bangalore and Mumbai (multiple positions) Job Type: Permanent Job Description: Good experience in Core Java Multithreading Data structures and algorithms Collections Fundamental experience Need to know how to connect to database Very good analytical skills and problem solving ability a must Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Algorithms Multithreading Core Java Data Structures Database Collections Analytical Skills Problem Solving Algorithm multithreading corejava core - java Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Wissen Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Wissen Infotech Pvt. Ltd. A quick overview about Wissen - Wissen Technology, Subsidiary of Wissen Infotech is an CMMI Level 3 certified company. It was founded in the year 2000 by a spirited team of expert IT Consultants with significant management experience. The experience of working for some of the world's most renowned organizations helped these technocrats to consistently focus their efforts on creating tangible and intellectual benefits for the clients through a wide range of reliable and high quality IT services and this enabled Wissen to grow into a mid-size corporation of today. We hire the top talent from the top universities like IIT, BITS, NIT, MIT etc. Wissen leverages on its multi-site facilities in USA and India, offering customers a combination of onsite, offsite, and offshore service models. Wissen provides highly skilled professionals, reliable infrastructure and network facilities to ensure seamless and secured interaction with customer servers, databases and applications. Wissen's technical competencies, proactive management approach, proven methodologies, committed support and the ability to quickly react to emergency needs makes it a valued partner for variety of support services, applications and database management solutions. Wissen Technology is an End to End Business Solution Provider. We help our clients solve complex business problems by providing domain expertise and technology solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details