TITLE: Revit/cad Technician - ELV - Global Delivery Centre

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Produce 2D documentation for projects from Revit, AutoCAD, and Navisworks under close direction on a project basis. Roles & Responsibilities: - Performs both routine and non-routine, complex drafting and modelling assignments. - Decisions made with general understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. - Ensures accuracy and quality of discipline models. - Follows established procedures and requires instructions only on new assignments. - Works on assignments that are routine in nature, requiring limited judgment. - Works under close supervision of senior technicians and/or CAD Manager. - Works with other Technicians to understand project BIM setup. - Comprehends and adheres to project BIM plans and standards. - Develops accurate 2D drawings from project BIMs, including sheet management tasks, annotations, dimensions, notes and all visibility settings. - Performs Revit modeling for a specific discipline. - Develops and distributes prints and exports for team coordination and final deliverables. - Maintain and distributes project information to other team members. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 17,00,000 P.A Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills AutoCAD REVIT Navisworks Bim 2D Drafting Modeling Technician Activities Team Coordination Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Preferred Qualifications- 3+ years of experience in the use of AutoCAD.- Experience with Revit, Navisworks or other BIM software a plus.- Engineering or Electrical technician certificate or above.- Experience with Revit, Navisworks or other BIM software a plus. Company Profile: Lutech Resources India Pvt Ltd Client is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees - including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals - serving clients in over 150 countries around the world. Our client is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazine's annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a World's Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details