TITLE: Manager - Collection - NBFC

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualification: Graduate / Master Preferred Job Profile: - Should have hands on experience in managing the collections lifecycle for Corporate, LAP and Home Loan segment in a commercial banking/NBFC setup. - This will require strong co-ordination with the internal Ops/Credit/Legal team and external agencies to achieve the desired targets. - Meeting the Target on Cost of Collections. Ensuring meeting Targets within cost limit specified on monthly basis. - Ensuring legal guidelines are compiled for entire collection structure in letter and sprits. - Ensure that the collection agencies adhere to the legal guidelines provided by the law in force. - Continuously monitoring collection agencies to identify fraudulent practices and ensure that no loss is incurred due to such activities. - Responsible to achieve the Collection Target Leading collection & recovery efforts/initiatives and guiding field teams in collection of dues/overdue - Develop reporting systems to manage, monitor and report activities related to collection, recovery, overdue portfolio and non performing portfolio. - Responsible for all collection related MIS preparing relevant draft for collection/recovery communication in coordination with empanelled legal firms and internal legal team. - Handling customer disputes and field visits for problematic cases. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Collections Manager Keyskills Recovery Credit Team Handling MIS Preparation Commercial Banking Collection Collection Management Collection Operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Premium V4 Solutions Staffing Firm Our Client is a subsidiary of Mauritius based company which is a Non-Banking Financial Company which provides corporate loans, Consumer loans, & Housing finance etc. It was established in 2008. Its core business is to be a credit partner to growing Indian companies looking to realize the full breadth of their aspirations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details