TITLE: Specialist Voice Network

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Designation-Â Specialist Voice Network Division- IT, Networks Location- Sohna Road, Gurgaon Transport- Both Side AVAYA Knowledge mandatory Dimension & Scope: 1. Ensure the availability and integrity of the Convergys Corporate Voice Network. 2. Perform voice network resources administration and maintenance along with voice network equipment installation, as needed. Receive, analyze, monitor, and resolve voice network problems in accordance with published Service Level Agreements. 3. Consult with project management clients, voice network peers, and vendors to address network outages and vulnerabilities. 4. Apply and industry best practice approach to the support, maintenance, and optimization of the Convergys Voice Network. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Coordinate and work with users, clients, equipment vendors, and network carriers for on call repair, and testing network services. 2. Analyze network failures, isolate and repair or re-route network problems, in a timely manner. Where required, performs root cause analysis and documents the remedial actions. 3. Perform packet capture & analysis via tools like Wireshark. 4. Assist in maintaining system databases, i.e., circuit inventory, toll free number, and configuration records, etc. 5. Develop customer and vendor relationship. 6. Provide support for ACD, and PBX to include AAR, ARS, UDP and route patterns maintenance. 7. Solve more advanced voice related problems. 8. Help support the technical needs of multiple sites in the organization. 9. Provide guidance to junior members of the team. 10. Ensure accurate billing from voice equipment support vendors for support work done. 11. Provide support to maintain efficient and accurate routing of client calls to Convergys, Client and other centers. Education & Professional Certifications: External Movement into CVG 1. Bachelor's Degree in related technical discipline And Minimum four years relevant voice platform experience Or 2. Six-years relevant voice platform experience without college degree Note: Voice-related certification required at this level (Avaya, SIP, CCNA Voice, Oracle (fka ACME Packet) Candidate Profile: 1. Multi-task and maintain composure in stressful and demanding work environment. 2. Exercise flexibility and resourcefulness in challenging and/or perplexing situations. 3. Proficiency with various software applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel 4. Strong technical aptitude and analytical skills. 5. Strong working knowledge of TCP, UDP, VoIP, SIP and excellent knowledge of ACD and contact centers. 6. Must possess good interpersonal, organizational, time management, judgment, and decision-making skills. 7. Excellent oral and written communication skills. 8. Customer contact skills with ability to listen, explain and understand customer requirements. 9. Decision-making skills for problem identification and solution recommendation and implementation. 10. Detail and customer service oriented 11. Strong technical aptitude Environment, Physical & Other Requirements: - Be on rotational on-call weekdays, weekends, and holidays. - Work night shifts, as needed. Role: - Candidate will handle Convergys level 3 Global support for Avaya PBAX and IP Telephony, work closely with other support teams to resolve the day to day VOIP related issues for various impacted projects. Would be acting Sr. Tech for level 2 support team for voice infrastructure. Candidate will Lead change management calls on Technical Change control bridges on daily basis. Skill & Job Requirements: Qualifications: BSc /BE/B-Tech /MCA /3 year diploma /Any Degree 3 year with professional Certification with 4+ years of Ayaya experience. Competencies: understanding of technology (h/w & s/w) and specific domain expertise. Behavioral competencies, high self driven and confidence. Willingness to learn and should be a good team player. Good problem solving skills & analytical skills. Effective communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to build & maintain relationship with customers. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 7,50,000 P.A. Best in Industry Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills CCNA Voice Routing Networking PBX SIP TCP VOIP SCOPE Avaya Acd Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CONVERGYS India Services Pvt Ltd Convergys is a global leader in customer management. Our talented and dedicated team serves leading household brands in industries such as communications, retail, healthcare, technology, financial services, and government. Convergys is passionate about delivering world class customer service each and every day. We understand that our clients have individual business needs, and that customer service in an increasingly multi-channel environment can be complicated. Our 30+ years of experience and unique mix of Agents, Analytics, and Technology allow us to expertly guide our clients as they balance their priorities to grow revenue, improve customer satisfaction, and reduce costs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details