TITLE: Principal SW QA Domain Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Successful candidates will be experienced in modern test methodologies and processes executed throughout the software development life cycle and have a proven track record as an individual contributor in a small agile team environment. A demonstrated ability to deliver quality product releases on schedule using risk analysis and defect containment practices, test automation, and continuous improvement initiatives are key to this position. Technical Guiding, Mentoring & leading the junior members in the team Should have good knowledge around Platform technologies like App server, Web server, OS, Browsers, DB etc. and their interactions. Providing technical expertise to the projects Responsible & Accountable for the quality of the product for the project. Collaborate across teams and connects the dots to frame the bigger picture and present it to the leadership. Understand the products usage patterns across the industry at technology end and ensure that we bring that perspective into our testing. Isolate the issues to the right level Do impact analysis of any change in overall requirement, strategy at test case/usecase level Qualifications: Engineering Degree / MCA Should have attained 60% marks throughout his academics 8-12 yrs IT industry experience 5 years experience in software quality assurance Manual & automation testing experience Process-oriented with high attention to detail and good follow-through Excellent problem solving and decision making abilities Should be abreast with latest technologies in a multi-tier environment. Should be able to abstract the information from the team and formulate the right test strategy for that. Preferred, not Mandatory: Automation tools- SOAP UI, Selenium Ability to use scripting tools (Groovy, Shell, ANT, Gradle) Ability to setup and maintain an app server (TomCat) & web server (NGinX) Strong XML/JSON skills Familiarity with source control systems (GIT) Ability to create and execute automated tests is desirable Experience setting up and using Continuous integration and continuous delivery environments. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:QA/Testing/Documentation Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager Keyskills Automation Testing QA Software Quality Assurance XML Selenium Test Strategy SOAP UI Automation Tools Product Quality Continuous Improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos is the global leader in delivering workforce management solutions in the cloud. Tens of thousands of organizations in more than 100 countries - including more than half of the Fortune 1000 0C2 0AE- use Kronos to control labor costs, minimize compliance risk, and improve workforce productivity. Kronos customers include enterprises large and small across diverse industries worldwide including retail, hospitality, healthcare, manufacturing, services, distribution, and the public sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details