TITLE: Assitant Manager_content | Traveltriangle.com

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOB DESCRIPTION Can you write content that can drive millions of visitors to our website? Can you bridge the gap between SEO requirements and product constraints with your play of words? Can you balance objective and engaging, and still maintain numbers without compromising on quality? If you're up for such challenges, then you're welcome to join our gang of Content Ninjas! Read below for a formal JD. Looking for people who can present both old and new ideas creatively while working within the framework of product guidelines. Now all that's missing is you to build a rock-star team. Sounds interesting? The Candidate will create and curate content for company's website. He/She must be a highly motivated individual with experience in developing a variety of product content. Experience in travel domain is preferable. Creating relevant content, sharing creative ideas, and delivering results within framed deadlines would be key responsibilities. He/She will also be responsible for interacting with Search Engine Optimization(SEO) team, other marketing teams as well as the Business Team & Product Team. There will be regular flow of inputs and guidelines that need to be incorporated in the product content. The Candidate should have good understanding of both business and SEO aspects of content. He/She should be able to deliver quality content within the given deadlines. RESPONSIBILITIES Key responsibilities of the Candidate will include, but will not be limited to: Developing product content for TravelTriangle.com Identifying user-friendly content and giving ideas on how to make the product more interactive through content Working hand-in-hand with the SEO team and deliver rich SEO friendly content Working hand -in-hand with the Destination Strategists and deliver content as per need Ensuring content on TravelTriangle.com (& its sister websites) is up-to-date and accurate Ensuring quality content while meeting deadlines & product constraints SKILLS REQUIRED Excellent English writing skills, strong vocabulary, good reading and comprehension skills are must. Well versed with SEO and experience in handling SEO friendly content. Dexterity in managing multiple tasks at the same time and sticking to the deadlines. Zeal to think-out of the box and infuse creativity in ideas as well as the final content. Good communication skills and a pleasing personality. Must be organised, analytical, logical and smart. Should be a good team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Features Content Developer Keyskills Search Engine Optimization SEO Writing Skills Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited About TravelTriangle (TT) TravelTriangle.com, co-founded by three IIT-ians, is the Indias fastest growing travel start-up. With over 450+ agents, 15+ countries and millions of online travelers, TravelTriangle is quickly changing travel industry and is keeping ahead of the trend. Our team is backed by some of the top VCs including Saif Partners, Bessmer Venture Partners having raised over 60 Cr in total financing. We have grown over 5x in last 6 months and now aiming to grow faster than this. Some more achievements : One of the top 50 growing companies by NASSCOM, Top 10 startups by IITians by Economic Times. Travel Triangle chosen as Website of the Year India Microsoft Bizspark Startup of the day We have become a family of 320 + members from a team of 60 members in just 6 months. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details