TITLE: Desktop/technical Support/system Admin-(rotational-night Shifts Major)

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About The Position Â The position responsibilities include helpdesk and system (desktop) administrator support as well as participation to cross functional projects globally. We are looking for a good natured, technically sound, self motivated person who is passionate about technology and likes to interact with users. Good communication and problem solving skills are a must for this position. The successful candidate will report to the IT Lead or Manager at the corporate office in India. He/she must be able to work with minimal supervision. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to learn and enhance their career both technically and professionally. The person in this position is expected to be flexible and accommodate a variety of 24x7 coverage schedules. Â Job Responsibilities Â Provide end to end IT support to all departments, with problems related to all hardware, software and network technologies through helpdesk Install new hardware, systems, and software as required Work on global, cross-functional projects alongside with the rest of the IT team members Install, configure, maintain network services, equipment and devices Assist users in setting up audio / video conferences Maintain detailed and up-to-date documentation of all hardware, software and operational processes Perform end to end email system administration, Outlook using Office365 Support new hire/termination process requests, which includes account setup of Active Directory, Office 365, RSA, Access cards, Mobile and Cisco phones Support infrastructure security operations, which includes virus protection, patch management, access control and audits Perform telephony administration such as adding/removing/changing users, editing phone numbers, and directory Monitor the IT Corporate and Hosting environments and provide 1st level support for servers (physical & virtual), applications, VPNs and internet links as directed Train/educate end users on new user technology features, company IT best practices, policies and procedures Support troubleshooting efforts including analyzing and resolving critical infrastructure issues Coordinate vendor escalations like ISP issues and support for critical issues, acting as a liaison between the support vendors and our IT team. Will be required to work outside usual hours of business during outages and business emergencies. Â Â Requirements Â 2 years experience in helpdesk and system administration Sound judgment and decision-making skills Strong organizational and interpersonal skills Team oriented Detail oriented Handle Helpdesk Tickets (troubleshooting Desktops/ Laptops issues, Client VPN issues) Must have excellent customer service and communication skills (English is a requirement) Self-motivated and capable of working with minimal supervision Must be open to work on rotational shifts Technology Skills Requirements: Must to have A good understanding of Windows operating systems and desktop support MS office (Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint) Hardware support (break/fix, PC and laptop setup, PC peripheral equipment, printers, desk and cell phones, etc.) Knowledge of basic TCP/IP concepts Windows server (Active Directory, File server folder permissions) Knowledge of windows Imaging concepts Good to have Knowledge of networking Windows server (AD Group policy, WDS, RRAS, IIS) Understanding of VMware Infrastructure (VM creation/ modifications, clone, migration) VPN technologies including SSL VPN Knowledge of Office 365 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Network Administrator Keyskills windows 7 windows 10 Monitoring active directory Group Policy DNS DHCP File Servers SCCM WDS WSUS. Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reval India Pvt. Ltd. Reval is the leading, global provider of a scalable cloud platform for Treasury and Risk Management (TRM). Our cloud-based offerings enable enterprises to better manage cash, liquidity and financial risk, and to account for and report on complex financial instruments and hedging activities. The scope and timeliness of the data and analytics we provide allow chief financial officers, treasurers and finance managers to operate more confidently in an increasingly complex and volatile global business environment. With offerings built on the Reval Cloud Platform companies can optimize treasury and risk management activities across the enterprise for greater operational efficiency, security, control and compliance. Founded in 1999, Reval is headquartered in New York with regional centers across North America, EMEA and Asia Pacific. Visit www.reval.com or contact Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details