TITLE: Navision Function Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. B.Com/MBA (finance) 2. Experience - 2-3 Years with Microsoft Dynamics Partner 3. Microsoft Dynamics NAV - Finance Certification 4. Implemented 4-5 full life cycle implementation as Finance Consultant 5. Knowledge of Indian Taxation (CST/VAT/TDS/Service Tax/Excise) 6. Knowledge of Balance Sheet and P&L (Schedule 6) Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A. Best As Per Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Navision Microsoft Dynamics NAV Mba Finance Life Cycle Balance Sheet Service Tax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MPower Softcomm Pvt. Ltd. MPower is an ISO 27001:2013 and PCI-DSS Version 3.0 certified company. MPower is a pioneer in providing Financial Transaction Solutions to the global Tier 1 customers in Financial Services, Retail, Utility Payments, Airtime and other Electronic Services Delivery.The team has ten years of active exposure on designing solutions in Banking and Non-Banking Domains. MPower envisions to be at the forefront of Financial Transaction Solutions, Analytics and Machine to Machine Solutions. MPower was essentially a part of Oxigen Services India Pvt. Ltd. MPower was born out of demerger between the two companies. Oxigen has become Indias largest online payments solutions provider. With over 35 million transactions per month Oxigen is perfectly poised for growth. We have been operating in the Indian IT scenario for almost a decade and feel the pulse of the industry. We are an innovative group of people continuously evolving, innovating and challenging ourselves to come up with the best IT solutions and practices. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details