TITLE: Opening for L&D Manager with Top MNC in Gurgaon(bfsi Domain)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job purpose Please provide a summary of the purpose and objective of the job. Oversee the ASC IT learning and development programs and initiatives according to agreed learning strategy and plans of IT. Manager L&D will be responsible for building leadership, technical and functional competency of employees in IT. This role will work closely with the Head L&D and Manager L&D to conceptualize, create and deliver programs for different bands across IT. To succeed in this role, one would require excellent facilitation skills, high interpersonal and business partnering skills. Major accountabilities Identify 5-6 major accountabilities of the job (not the employee). Describe these accountabilities by what is to be accomplished, how and why. Include the approximate percentage of time spent on each accountability. Use action verbs to begin each sentence. Avoid the use of acronyms. The percentages below should sum up to 100. Training Specialist 1. Work collaboratively with ASCI IT leaders and managers in identifying and planning for the learning and development needs of the function. 2. Drive the execution of annual training plan and develop appropriate programs and interventions to address ASCI IT organizational development needs both for current and emerging business requirements and/or opportunities. 3. Facilitate competency based modules for IT employees and manager capability programs. 4. Work with L&D head to create platform and channels for top talent and fast track to get developed as per the individual development plan. Quarterly tracking and review of the IDP with Mancom and managers. 5. Responsible for roll out of first line manager development programs for ASCI IT and aligned to the annual training plan of ASCI. 6. Responsible for roll out of mentoring program across various levels in ASC IT. 7. Advising internal line managers on 70-20-10 methodology & will be responsible for 20 & 10 ( E-Learning, Classroom trainings/ workshops, LOMA programs, PMP, MBA, Six Sigma- Green & Black Belt) 8. Support technical training lead in smooth functioning of knowledge management sessions and alignment of external and internal trainings as per the global enterprise services training. 9. Deliver in-house programs specific to ASCI IT identified learning needs including management development courses. Source, evaluate and recommend appropriate consultants for external training programs. 10. Manage vendor relationship and work closely with them in the delivery of purchased program/s. 11. Design appropriate metrics to evaluate the effectiveness and impact of learning and development efforts on ASCI IT business. Prepare appropriate reporting package on these metrics for informed management decision on L&D investments and priorities. 12. Manage and administer the various professional certification programs and ensure that target individuals are certified as planned. Prepare, manage and control approved L&D annual budget. 13. Monitor and review the progress of trainees through questionnaires and discussions with managers and set up monthly meetings for soliciting feedback. 14. Report out weekly and monthly activities to different teams in IT at the end of each month and forecast of training programs for subsequent month. 15. Drive the training methodology of pre and post training activities, post program connects for each of his/her program. 16. Work towards achieving minimum man days for teams in IT and support Head L&D with execution of relevant training programs. 17. Ensure adherence to a minimum of 85% of his/her trainings as per the annual training plan with a minimum feedback score of 3.8 on a scale of 5. 18. Ensure compliance to the internal audit parameters as defined by the audit framework for L&D. 19. Prepare training documentation such as training manuals, hand notes for participants, questionnaires and other support materials. Support customization of modules as per the requirements. 20. Plan the implementation and facilitation of activities and events, budget spending, material production and distribution, and other resources to ensure that operations are managed within authorized budgets. COMPETENCIES: 21. Training Strategy & Facilitation 22. Communicating Confidently 23. Functional expertise and Industry knowledge 24. Consulting skills & business partnering 25. Presentation Skills KSA/B PARAMETERS: KNOWLEDGE: 1. Training and Development Process (Training Needs Analysis Design & Development Implementation Evaluation) 2. L&D Strategy, best practices in Talent management, leadership development, coaching and mentoring. 3. Understanding of concepts/tools/methodologies with communications, essentials of feedback and coaching, driving competency based learning, first line manager capability development tools etc. 4. Training Evaluation Stages Kirk Patricks Levels of Evaluations (Should have implemented level 1 & 2) 5. Comprehensive knowledge of adult learning principles 6. In-depth level of knowledge of trends and development in training, organizational development, performance management, employee engagement interventions in IT shared services SKILL: 7. Expert level on training needs analysis, course design, curriculum development, program implementation/delivery and evaluation and on various organizational development techniques 8. Strong communication, platform, group facilitation and management skills 9. In-depth level of behavioral analysis skills 10. Competent level of project management and consulting skills 11. Demonstrates strong creativity and innovation 12. Good interpersonal skills ATTITUDE/BEHAVIOR: Essential to success in this role is the proactive management of relationships with the stakeholders across various locations and backgrounds, working closely with them and their teams to maximize the efficiency and accuracy of the delivery function. 13. Displays and works with utmost integrity 14. Maintains a collaborative approach towards learning program implementation 15. Able to innovate through recommendation of tools, processes and programs 16. Willing to extend help and support when needed; team player 17. Able to work with minimal supervision post 6-months of hiring 18. Willing to be in variable shifts as needed for training coverage Problem solving Outline problem solving requirements in terms of how standardized, varied, complex and interdependent problems and issues are typically faced by this job. Provide examples if necessary. Competing priorities that tend to undermine the full implementation of planned programs incumbent needs to influence leadership and management on the value created by the programs to their respective teams and overall ASCP business couple with strong collaboration for appropriate mapping of program calendar and schedules vis--vis peaks and valleys of business activities Limitations and constraints on resources (physical, financial) incumbents needs to be resourceful and to employ innovative approaches to work within the limitations and constraints Education and experience Indicate the minimum education level and years of relevant experience required to perform the work. Include specific professional designations, licenses, registrations, if applicable. MBA in HR with a minimum of 8+ years of experience. Certification in trainings (certified to conduct signature programs) and assessments will be preferred. Experience in training facilitation is a must. Communication scope Identify the working relationships and contacts with whom this job must interact on a regular basis. -Stakeholders: First Line Managers Managers & Senior Managers IT LT Mancom Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 16,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Program Manager Keyskills Project Management Training Needs Six Sigma Auditing Technical Training Management Consulting Black Belt Leadership Development Talent Management Employee Engagement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Orcapod Consulting Services Orcapod is a Consulting, Professional Services and Corporate Training Firm founded by Industry Professionals coming from Reputed International Organizations. We work with our Global and Indian Clients providing assistance in their critical Business Improvement and Talent Transformational initiatives. Our Consulting and Professional Services business helps its clients in improving business operations by combining its expertise in the areas of Business & Technology Consulting, Outsourcing, Operations Transformation and Services Optimization. Explicit Business Outcome, our proprietary methodology gives high priority to employing existing client assets for delivering the range of results that will make substantial and sustained difference to our client's business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details