TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are a disruptive web business service in the high stakes world of finance for APAC market and we invite you to be part of the journey. In your role you will have exposure to APAC's dynamic financial services scene and work in an engaging workplace right in Delhi. You will help bring a product to life and have international exposure and the opportunity to learn, and grow. We have an urgent requirement for one of the assignments that we are currently executing for our prestigious Client.It's UK based MNC Looking for DevOps Developer Professional. Requirements :- 4+ years work experience in CI, Jenkins and continuous deployment. Sound Knowledge of AWS. Strong Linux system administration, network troubleshooting skills. Must have experience in Continuous Integration, Automated/Manual Deployment, Automated Provisioning, Automated Testing Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, work well under pressure and be obsessive about security,Â quality and performance. Should have the technical skills to set up high quality delivery pipelines. Must be having the consultancy skills to get the whole team aligned with the technical choices and the new direction. Minimum Required Skills: AWS EC2, CDN, Jenkins. Ability to work in a team . Understanding of scalability, systems engineering, and algorithms. Computer Science degree or equivalent experience (B.E. / B.Tech.). Skills Required: Continuous Integration Systems: Teamcity, JenkinsÂ Source Control: Git and GitHub or StashÂ Maven for development lifecycle management.Â Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, work well under pressure and be obsessive about security, quality and performance Should have the technical skills to set up high quality delivery pipelines. Must be having the consultancy skills to get the whole team aligned with the technical choices and the new direction. Minimum Required Skills: AWS EC2, CDN, Jenkins. Ability to work in a team . Understanding of scalability, systems engineering, and algorithms. Computer Science degree or equivalent experience (B.E. / B.Tech.). Experience with some of the following: Orchestration Tools: Puppet, Chef, Ansible, SaltStack Maven Repository Servers: Artifactory or Nexus Webservers: Apache, Tomcat, Nginx , Server Load Balancer and Application Switching technologies (i.e. (Citrix NetScaler or F5 BigIP). , AWS, EC2 Understanding of PKI, LDAP & Single Sign On Technologies Our office is at Pacific Business Park near Anand Vihar Metro. Why work with us:- We are growing fast and you'll be given more opportunities. We pay handsomely and we pay bonuses twice a year if individual KPIs are met.Â We dont believe in just thinking, we believe in implementing our ideas and seeing the impact it has on our clients.Â We will give you the tools to grow and exercise your expertise to make it a delightful experience for our clients. You get to make an impact every day. Email your CV to hr@broctagon.com and it must include -Your professional and educational background -Share tech solutions that you have implemented in the recent past-Current & Expected SalarySalary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area:IT Software - Application Programming, Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keywords: Linux, Jenkins, AWS EC2, CDN, MongoDB, Selenium, QTP, Python, PHP, Git, Apache Tomcat, Unix Shell Scripting Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. Industry:IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area:IT Software - Application Programming, Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Redhat Linux Selenium Unix Shell Scripting Java Javascript JQuery Apache Tomcat Computer Science Windows Server Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Broctagon IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Broctagon Solutions http://broctagon.com/ Company Profile: Broctagon Broctagon was founded on the belief that the Binary Options industry was in an evident need for a better binary options trading platform. One that was more comprehensive, sophisticated and secured, capable of aiding traders in realizing their full potential. Bringing together some of the brightest minds in the industry, Broctagon was officially established in London 2014, with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, the heart of Asia's financial hub. Broctagon is the exclusive partner of Starfish FX, one of the biggest names in the Chinese forex market. Read more about the company and the work we do :- http://broctagon.com/ Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details