TITLE: Software Engineer Superstar - C# .Net

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Are you a Software Engineering Superstar Looking to really advance your technical career working on a highly visible and strategic project Wanting to be recognized for your technical capabilities Thrive on cutting-edge technology And, get paid wellin the process If you are ready to take your career to the next level, read on. Highlands Info Tech is developing the next generation in software for a large US-based client. Since 2004, Highlands Info Tech continues to develop state-of-the-art software for global markets. For additional information about Highlands Info Tech, visit www.highlandsinfotech.com. Role/Purpose: We are currently looking to hire several Software Engineering "Superstars" to work on the development of a state-of-the-art C# .NET software application. As a critical and important member of the Software Development Team, you are able to take on challenges, work to high standards, learn quickly, work well with other superstar team members, and can adapt to the fast-paced software development process. As a Software Engineering Superstar, you have excellent technical skills and the ability to learn new concepts on your own. You look to improve your career experience by working on technical challenging projects along with other software engineering superstar team members--just like yourself. Requirements: Bachelor or Master's Degree in CS or any Engineering discipline from a reputed engineering college. Minimum of 1 to 2 years in .NET software development with C#. Strong C# and .NET programming experience. Solid background in algorithms and data structures. Strong technical and analytical skills. Excellent English communication skills; written, verbal, and presentation. Direct Interaction with US-based clients to present completed features and functionalities. Develop new features and customization based on project and client requirements. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C# .Net c# dotnet c sharp OOD Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, Civil, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication, Environmental PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required You are a highly-driven and hard-working individual looking to advance your technical skills and career in a fast growing mid-sized company. You don't want to be "just another face" at some huge company--but be truly recognized for your technical ability and hard work. You want to feel that the features and functionalities that you work on will add substantial value to the software product, and get advancements and bonuses based upon your merits and programming ability. And, (most importantly) get paid well and have fun in the process. Company Profile: Highlands Info Tech, Pvt. Ltd. Highlands Info Tech, located in Logix Park, offers its employees the best work environment, fun and rewarding culture, benefits, and career growth opportunities that empower them to meet their full potential. Since 2004, Highlands Info Tech has been a software development innovator providing full-cycle high quality services to its customers worldwide. Highlands Info Tech is expert in development, customization, and integration of complex software solutions offering a well-balanced blend of technology skills, domain knowledge, hands-on experience, effective methodology, and passion for IT. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details