TITLE: Avaya Voice L2- Third Party Roll

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this THIS IS THIRD PARTY CONTRACT ROLE. PLS DO NOT SHARE PROFILE IF YOUR NOT INTERESTED TO WORK ON THIRD PARTY Working on tickets P1-2 and revolve issues within SLA in 24 x 7 environment Avaya( Primary) & cisco IPT inline with ITIL processes. Setting up the voice infrastructure & manage changes & upgrade, making RCA reports. Following up with Vendors- AGC , Verint, ISP etc. Training and mentoring juniors Performing daily checklists / capacity management and send timely reports. Ensuring that daily tickets are being worked upon within SLA. Work with client on design enhancements in the infrastructure. Work on planning for Major changes and DR activities. Updating the technical network/voice diagrams. Handling escalated issues- primary spoc for all P1. Salary:INR 5,50,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills Networking Verint Cisco Capacity Management avaya voice Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details