TITLE: SCOM Engineer- Third Party Payroll

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main responsibilities: 1. This is an Individual contributors role 2. Responsible for Monitoring SCOM Alerts and Reports Skills Required Excellent skills on Microsoft SCOM 2007 R2/SCOM 2012 Monitoring Excellent skills on generating customized reports from SCOM 2007 R2/SCOM 2012 Thorough knowledge in the areas of 1. Microsoft Windows 2008/2010/2013 servers 2. Installation & troubleshooting of this platform Qualification: - Graduate with MCSE Experience: 2-3 yrs experience in SCCM/SCOM Monitoring and reporting 3-4 Yrs experience in installing and maintaining Windows Servers . Knowledge, skills, and abilities required: Soft Skills Good written and verbal communication Willingess to work in rotational shifts 24x7 Team Spirit Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:System Administrator Keyskills SCOM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details