TITLE: HR and Admin Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Managing the HR activities of the company -Maintaining records of the employees -Setting KRAs and KPIs for the staff -payroll management -Managing admin activities of the company -Coordinating with inspectors and maintaining all records as per law Salary:INR 2,75,000 - 3,75,000 P.A. As Per Industrial Standard Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills HR Administration Payroll Management Administration Management KRA kpi HR and Recruitment and IR HR Human resource Management HRM Recruitment and Staffing recruitment and hiring talent acquisition and staffing resourcing and hiring Desired Candidate Profile Performance management, strong inter personal skills, communication processes, fluent in English, Kannada and HindiMinimum 2 years experience as Hr and Admin manager of a mid size manufacturing company Company Profile: Mpee Kitchenette Pvt Ltd Manufacturing of kitchen appliances like Pressure cookers, Mixer Grinders, Non stick cookware and LPG Stoves under the brand MASTER. We have a presence in 8 states in India and have a global presence in Sri Lanka, The Netherlands and Kenya. We have over 140 strong workforce with the head office located in Bangalore. Mpee Kitchenette Pvt. Ltd. is a pioneer in the kitchen appliances industry in India Since 1996 MpeeKichenette Pvt. Ltd. has been providing quality domestic kitchen appliances through the wholesale and retail distribution network to patrons all over India under the Brand MASTER We offer a wide range of products like Pressure Cookers, Non Stick Cookware, LPG Gas Stove, Glass Cooktops, Induction Cooktops, variety of Mixer Grinders, Wet Grinders, Coil Stoves, Rice Cookers, Roti Maker, Khakra Maker and much more. The manufacturing unit based at Bangalore - Karnataka is accredited with being one of the most modern manufacturing units in India. With diverse appliances, "Master" product are a part ofeveryday life. A strong team of competent professionals, state-of-art Facilities and invaluable experience of over 15 years have resulted in MPee Kitchenette P Ltd being confident of delivering the best quality products to its customers. With over 80 employees, and an ISO 9001-2008 certification, quality and service are the by-words in the organisation. It`s way of thinking and working that have moulded are performance for decades. Our company being only the third such company in the houseshold appliances sector to receive the ISO certificate in India, all product manufactured out of our factory are sold with the ISI mark. Mpee is in an advanced stage of planning substantial expansion of its product range in the domestic appliances segment. to this effect, the company has engaged external management consultants to bring about organisational transformation and build up strategic plans which amongst others involvers launching a completely new range catering to the current lifestyle requirements. The company has started implementing excellence programmes encompassing manufacturing, marketing and product development. The present 'feel good' factor has resulted in the creation of investments directed towards scaling up of the existing capacities, and new technology. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details