TITLE: AVP - Mall & Retail Leasing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Establishing business contacts and relationship with retail brands, corporate and real estate consultants for generating new business. 2. Meeting with the Brand heads, discussing the upcoming projects along with the high street properties in order to achieve the targets along with the team members. 3. Providing retail spaces in high streets to the brands in order to fulfill their high- street requirements. 4. Arranging the site visits of high Streets as well as the upcoming retail malls. 5. Arrangement of franchisee for brands in high streets as well as the malls if required. 6. Assigning duties to team members in order to achieve the team targets. 7. Preparing short term and long term sales strategies so as to ensure desired targets . 8. Handling all the team members and achieving the given targets. 9. Supervising and ensuring timely flawless generation of MIS Reports. 10. Good Team Management. Candidate Profile Retail Real estate business with good exposure in Branding, Retail Leasing Mall leasing and Management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills Sales Strategy Retail Team Management Branding Leasing New Business Real Estate MIS Reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Franchise India Limited Franchise India is Asia's largest premier business solution Company since 1999, and an absolute authority on franchising and licensing. Franchise India has helped thousands of investors in selecting the right business and, in turn, assisted numerous organizations in international and domestic business expansion. Knowledge, Opportunity, Network and Success are Franchise India's key ingredients. Entrepreneur India Advisers Ltd is Group Company of Franchise India, focusing on small medium enterprises business growth by offering customized solution. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details