TITLE: Business Development Consultant, Business Development Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1) Achieve sales quotas. 2) Develop a sales strategy in the allocated sectors with a target prospect list 3) Work on Acquiring new Accounts and up selling into existing Accounts. Understand the Business Drivers of the target sectors and map Global Space solutions to enhance business 4) Identify Customer pain points and problems and propose appropriate solutions. 5) Manage the assigned sector by providing sales call reports, sector analysis and accurate data within the sales and marketing database, accurate forecasting and sector insight 6) Build a Database of prospects within the sectors- key Decision makers and then position appropriate solutions 7) Be a trusted advisor to the customer by understanding their existing and future IT roadmap to drive assigned solutions . 8) Performs needs analyses and develops implementation plans for new business ventures or additions to current lines of business, including potential acquisitions and global expansion 9) Participates with unit heads to establish strategic operating plans and objectives. 10) Provides management with guidance in identifying issues regarding business strategies. Assists in developing issue resolutions 11) May provide work direction in the business planning activities of lower level staff. 12) Assists in review and evaluation of assigned staff. 13) Focuses on customer satisfaction, account growth and expansion of services provided, and sustaining customer loyalty for a group of key customers. 14) Prospecting, qualifying, proposing, negotiating, and closing mid/large sized business deals 15) Experience in Recruitment services / IT services & Consulting/Client Management is Must. 16) Should be able to Bring Tier 1 ,Tier 2 CLIENTS for perm or contractual hiring Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Staffing Specialist/ Manpower Planning Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Strategy Marketing Selling Prospecting New Business Business Planning Negotiation Contract Staffing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: TekShapers. Tekshapers Software. was founded in 2009; we are a MI, USA based Information Technology Company and our primary objective is to provide sophisticated business solutions to a group of companies worldwide. . Tekshapers believe in client satisfaction, as a result of responsiveness and outstanding performance. The growth path of Tekshapers Inc. is more than 100% for last fiscal year. Commonly known "Tekshapers" and we are Minority and Diversified Supplier with our motto Smart Works, for Smart IT solutions. What do we offer? * CRM products and Services: Tekshapers is in a position of providing a full range of products and services towards information systems management covering a variety of business sectors including accounting, insurance, trading, construction and manufacturing. * Staffing Services /Consulting We provide superior contracts, temporary, part-time and Project staffing services for clients. Our mission is to be the preferred supplier to your company when it comes to addressing your temporary employee needs. We perform full comprehensive background checks to meet workforce standards such as proper working papers before employing them to our professional workforce. We handle all the employment paperwork, payroll, taxes, unemployment, workers' compensation, background checking, benefits, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details