TITLE: External Audit Big 4 Job-gurgaon/ Bangalore-interview @ Ahmedabad(ca)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Employer : Big 4 ( Shared Services) Position : CA ( 1-5yrs) Job Location : Gurgaon/ Bangalore Interview Location : Ahmedabad ( 28th Aug) Profile : External Audit ( no other role available) Roles and Responsibilities : Lead an engagement from the front and ensure the team delivers timely and high quality work, as per the Global team expectations. - Demonstrate strong understanding while performing reviews of audit procedures performed by staff, along with knowledge of tools to make audits more efficient and meaningful. - Develop and maintain productive relationships with key Global counterparts like Assurance executives based out of Americas or Europe. - Develop an understanding of Quality and Risk Management procedures, and ensure these are embedded in to the engagement team's work. - Proactively discuss work flow management with the audit teams, allocating resources to the assigned work and monitoring performance against standards. Monitor utilization for one's team, budget to actuals, and other operational matters. - Demonstrate professionalism, competence and clarity of communication when dealing with Global audit teams. - Establish expectations of value to be delivered to the respective Global teams aligned. - Identify opportunities to improve the scope of work for one's own engagements. - Standardize audit processes along with leveraging best practices across one's aligned engagements or beyond. - Motivate and lead team members, identify and foster key talents, coach and supervise team members - Be responsible for various operational matters related to engagements aligned. - Conduct timely performance reviews and provide performance feedback/training. Lead by example. . Please send your CV with below details if this suits your requirement: 1. Current Salary ( if working) 2. Expected Salary ( if working) 3. Current Employer ( if working) 4. Current Location 5.Ok for Gurgaon/ Bangalore-Yes / No 6. CA Batch ( i.e. May14 / Nov14 etc) 7. Number of attempts in CA Final 8. Articleship Firm Name 9, Current Location 10. Available in Ahmedabad on 28th Aug for Personal Interview-Yes /No Regards, Saket Phenom Placement saket@phenomplacement.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Keyskills Auditing External Audit Risk Management Workflow Management Team Leading Shared Services Audit Chartered Accountant Finance External Auditing Ahmedabad jobs gurgaon jobs bangalore jobs Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Premium Big 4(shared Services) Phenom Placement (www.phenomplacement.com) is a leading Placement Consultancy Firm for Mid and Senior Management Jobs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details