TITLE: R&D Engineer - Core Java Devlopers | Ipsoft - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title : R&D Engineer Department : Research and Development Education : Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent Location : Bangalore (ITPL, Whitefield) Overview: In the R&D world, speed and quality are sometimes two competing factors. On the one hand, there is the sprint to delivery and on the other hand, there is the standard of excellence. Our Developers balance the need for speed and functionality with their commitment to quality. We seek R&D engineers who can shape the future of infrastructure management. Responsibilities: We are looking for hands-on developers ready to work with scientists tackling the big challenges in deep language understanding. With an extensive existing customer base and a market-leading position in help desk automation, your work will go into production as soon as it shows measurable improvement over current methods. We think long term, while putting our research into practice on a rational schedule. You are passionate about good code and know how to make it a reality - how to fight for quality and sprint to delivery, managing the need for speed and functionality and the commitment to quality. You know how to use the latest tools and frameworks, not just because they're new, but because they help get the job done. You know how to lead and mention junior engineers and follow and deliver results for managers on predictable schedules. Work with other members of R&D, Systems, Applications, and Networking to design and build infrastructure management systems. Write clean, scalable, documented code and unit tests. To work on SQL/MYsql is a must. Continuously research new technologies, frameworks, and libraries. "Own" applications, features, and any associated bugs or performance problems. Tune and enhance 3rd party systems to meet requirements in any language. Help build a professional software development infrastructure. Bug tracking, version control, branching strategies, continuous integration, etc. Analyze and distill requirements into actionable development tasks. You should be comfortable defining delivery schedules and metrics for performance assessment and meeting your targets. Qualifications: First and foremost we need great code and great coders. A great coder should be able to learn a new framework quickly, so experience with each of the items below just helps us understand your experience, but each is desirable Java Spring, Guava, JDBC, Tomcat, JUnit Development tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Ant, Eclipse Expertise in building highly scalable, fault tolerant, distributed systems. Exceptional Java development skills and familiarity with open source libraries and their integration is required. Experience integrating multiple open source libraries and frameworks into working systems. Linux experience as a primary development operating system. Debugging and performance tuning of complex, multi-tier applications. Database design experience: JMS, JSP, Servlets, JDBC Spring Framework ORM libraries (Hibernate or Toplink) Application server experience SQL and data model design XML schema design, XSLT, Xpath Internet related protocols: TCP/IP, SSL, HTTP, etc. Jakarta commons Eclipse or other modern IDE. Version control systems. Perl Over 5 years core Java (server-side) development experience, experience with 1.5 features. The candidates must be a self-starter Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Personal specifications: Possesses good analytical & troubleshooting skills Flexible attitude and can do attitude Drives improvements and process innovation Familiar with Cognitive technologies Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 19,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java core java JSP Servlets JDBC JMS Sprint MVC Shell scripting MySQL ActiveMQ php Spring Web Services Http Logical question Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: IPsoft Global Services Private Limited ABOUT IPSOFT IPsoft is a global, industry-leading managed services company offering a complete solution to enterprise customers for outsourcing global IT operations. We offer a full range of managed services to our clients, from management at the individual component, device and network level to the analysis, design and management of complex business processes. IPsoft's unique (and proprietary) automation technology remediates more than half of the detected exceptions in our managed client environments. We manage our customers' systems through our worldwide Network Operations Centers located in New York City (HQ), London, Amsterdam and Bangalore. IPsoft has been solidly profitable since its inception as a company in 1998, and has roughly doubled its gross revenues for four straight years; we are on a trajectory to continue this rapid growth pace, meaning that you will have an opportunity to grow with the company. CULTURE IPsoft is committed to helping our employees develop their full potential in both business and technical spheres, and it is our policy to recognize excellent performance by promoting from within. IPsoft is a fast-paced, energetic and fun place to work. We2019re changing the way managed services are delivered to customers, and we2019re looking for people who want to make a difference. The best evidence that IPsoft is a good place to work? People come to work here and stay. If you come to work at IPsoft, you2019ll be working with cutting-edge technologies and the bright, driven people who develop them. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details