TITLE: Content Producer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Content producer- Designation Please note: 1. You will be on India Syndicate Payroll, working from clients location. 2. There will be shift in this role 3. The position is based out of Delhi Job Description Fantastic eye for spotting stunning photography from multiple sources Proven ability to generate ideas across a wide range of topical slideshows Experience of working in a fast-paced online environment ideally with an international community Solid photo journalistic knowledge in topics of interest for an international audience Strong attention to detail, an appreciation for beautiful visual presentation and a passion for editorial excellence Excellent communication and collaboration skills Key responsibilities include: Find beautiful images and curate topical slideshows Work with our photo agencies to surface the latest and best photos Grow a network of external sources to acquire photos that our agencies dont have Co-ordinate with photo editors and planners to avoid duplication Inform international markets of content coming down the pipeline Build slideshows in response to breaking or developing global news stories Curate slideshows for live events, as may be needed Gather KPI reports, share insights, seek feedback and develop best practice Basic qualifications: 2-4 years of experience in photo journalism, ideally aimed at an international audience. Highly proficient in Photoshop. Experience of handling photo media, generating slideshow ideas and augmenting captions Working knowledge of online publishing tools and content management systems Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to collaborate across international boundaries to deliver shared goals. Degree in journalism, communications or related discipline preferred Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Journalist/Writer Role:Journalist Keyskills content management News Reporting Journalism and Content Copy Editing Copy Writing Online news digital news Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: M/S India Syndicate Pvt Ltd India Syndicate has more than a decade of experience in the content services and design space, backed by years-long relationships with top-notch clients. Advantages that uniquely position us to become strategic partners to companies seeking to develop and implement a content strategy that can pack more punch into their marketing efforts. We offer customized content services for clients across domains ranging from media, IT, ITeS to ecommerce, lifestyle, and much more. Our unmatched expertise in content enables us to deliver efficiently across platforms -- online, mobile and print. Years of experience with clients such as MSN India give us the edge in managing large content projects end to end. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details