TITLE: Analyst/senior Analyst - WFM

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Title: Real-Time Analyst Job Description: In a call center, responsible for real-time and/or intraday management of resources to ensure the correct number of agents at the right times are in their seats to answer an accurately forecasted volume of incoming calls at the desired service level. Duties and Responsibilities May Include: Coordinates appropriate staffing allocation and availability of call center staff in order to achieve service level objectives. Monitors site to ensure optimal staffing levels. Adjust intraday forecasts derived from understood business drivers to determine required staffing levels by projecting call volumes, call duration, and required staffing levels using current trends and historical data. Administers volume contingency action plans as deemed necessary and appropriate. Runs and analyzes reports with the result of making recommendations for adjusting staffing levels to meet departmental productivity and profitability goals. Facilitates real-time discussions with necessary stakeholders. Completes root-cause analysis to determine and quantify reasons for forecast variance and recommends changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness. Keys daily exceptions requests, updates schedules and responds to escalated issues and ad-hoc requests. Ensures that all reports originating from the department are accurate and reliable. Helps with the integration and implementation of new call center technologies. Assumes and performs other duties and responsibilities not specifically outlined herein, but which are logically and properly inherent to the position. Transferable Skills: Intermediate knowledge of call center management and all related calculations Intermediate knowledge of various forecasting / scheduling software Strong organizational skills Ability to prioritize workload, meet deadlines and perform multiple tasks with attention to detail Ability to communicate call center data/forecasts to all levels of employees in an understandable fashion Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Capability of problem solving Qualifications: Some college desired with mathematical or statistical course work Minimum of one (1) year of WFM experience in a multi-channel call center environment Spread sheets with intermediate formula application and database software (e.g. Excel and Access) experience required Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A. Salary commensurate with experience + Bonus. Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Workforce Management WFM Real Time Monitoring RTA Planning & Scheduling bpo and ites planning & monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Webhelp India Private Limited Webhelp is a French owned, globally, customer experience provider. It was founded in 2000 by Frederic Jousset and Olivier Duha. Since 2000 Webhelp is now in 21 countries. Webhelp serves about 250 clients worldwide across multiple sectors including telecommunications, transport and tourism, financial services, energy and utilities and the public sector among others. In February 2013 Webhelp announced an agreed purchase of HeroTSC (a contact based company in Scotland operated by the Indian group Hero) and was renamed to Webhelp UK for the UK. In UK we have 11 contact centres and 3 contact centres abroad. These are Falkirk, Kilmarnock, Dunoon, Rothesay, Glasgow, Greenock, Dearne Valley, Aintree, Bolton, Cardiff, Warrington & Derby, Cape Town SA, Johannesburg SA, Gurgaon India. Webhelp India was opened in 2014. It is based in DLF Tower, Gurgaon. Webhelp India works along with Webhelp UK centres dealing with a variety of clients and business operations. To name a few clients: Sky, EE, Post Office, etc and some business operations they deal with are HR, Recruitment, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details