TITLE: ETL Developer

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: The Analyst, as part of NHs Business Analytics team, will play a key role in shaping and strengthening NHs competitive edge. The Analyst will mine data from various sources, help design analyses, model the data to deliver meaningful and impactful insights. Job Responsibilities Develop and continuously refine comprehensive models and help construct dashboards and reports for various verticals.Identify and integrate various data sources and data points required to populate the models. Identify data gaps and drive clean-up and sanitation of data gaps.Help design visuals to effectively represent the data models and analyses to provide a clear structure for decision making. Understanding of data analysis and presentation concepts that facilitate collaborative work with BI engineer, Data Architect, Application developers and end users. Develop and deploy ETL job workflow with reliable error/exception handling and rollback Framework using SSIS Design, development and support of ETL components using SSIS and other ETL tools, which will be used to move data from source data and software application data stores into the optimized operational databases and Data Warehouse Design & develop SQL queries and reports to validate target data against source data Provide operational support and maintenance of data integrity between data sources and data warehouse Tuning the ETL processes, creation of the technical and system specification documents necessary to support ETL processes. Participate in development and execution of unit and system test plans Adapt ETL code to accommodate changes in source data and new business requirements. Document the ETL detailed design and test results. Prioritize development and enhancement requests. Manages automation of file processing as well as all ETL processes within a job workflow. Ensures data quality throughout entire ETL process. Ensures compliance with regulatory requirements for data transmission, business rules, storage, and data access including documentation, testing, and remediation. Collaborates with subject matter experts, department Leaders and database architect to define and execute cross-functional data movements for all aspects of data warehouse Create, maintain and optimize stored procedures, database and ETL processes Work with all levels of development from analysis through implementation and support. Interact with report owners to establish/clarify their requirements and develop report specifications. Develop Dashboard using Power BI. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Data Analyst Keyskills SQL Predictive Modeling Business Analytics Data Analysis Reporting Software Development Computer Science Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Narayana Hrudayalaya Health City Narayana Health, one of India's largest and World's most economical healthcare service providers is set to emerge as a global industry model for its ability to reconcile quality, affordability, scale, transparency, credibility and sustainable profitability. From 300 beds hospital in 2001, Narayana Health has grown to a 6900 beds healthcare conglomerate in 2014 with 26 hospitals present in 16 Cities within the country and also has International Presence in Cayman. NH has been known for its cost- cutting approach and ranked 36th among World's 50 Most Innovative Companies by Fast Companies in 2012. NH has also been a proud recipient of Frost & Sullivan India Healthcare Excellence Awards 2012 in the category Healthcare Service Provider Company of the Year and FICCI Health Care Excellence Award 2012 for Addressing Industry Issues. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details