TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sign Contracts with restaurants along and handling the inquiries from existing and new clients Gather sales leads from the market and approach restaurants actively, from no star to 5 stars, and get them on board with Swiggy as a partner. Maintaining a strong relationship with restaurant owners and advising them on issues related to the market and offering solutions on the same Reach out to clients, create suitable offers and sign-up corporate users to increase subscriber base. Conduct promotional events / marketing activities to develop new contacts and increase user base Manage the sales administration function, operational performance reporting, streamlining processes and systems wherever possible, and advising senior management on maximizing business relationships and creating an environment where customer service can flourish. Responsible for managing the sales team, developing a business plan covering sales, revenue agreed targets, and promoting the organisations presence and expense controls, meeting agreed targets, and promoting the organisations presence. Should be able to handle potential clients when on field as the first in command. Being the face of Swiggy in the market and standing up for the values we believe in. Desired Candidate: Graduate with 1-3 year of experience in similar field. Good working knowledge and experience of e-commerce activities and all online marketing channels A competent decision-maker with the ability to develop, own and build a strategic e-commerce plan for the site. Confident, Pleasing and a go-getter personality Effective communication skills Attitude & Aptitude for Sales Should be a team player, working alongside people from all walks of life. Holds regular meeting with sales staff. Reviews expenses and recommends economies. Leadership and Influencing skills: Identifies builds and uses a wide network of contacts with people at all levels, internally and externally. Achieves a good result through a well-planned approach. Initiative & Flexibility: Recognizes the need to adapt to change & implement appropriate solutions. Be able to identify opportunities and recommend/influence for change to increase effectiveness and success on campaigns. Creativity & Initiative: Demonstrate creativity & originality in your work and have the personal drive and initiative to bring about change and help drive the business forward. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Incentives, Fuel Reimbursement, Telephone Allowance, Food Card Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Marketing Promotions Corporate Sales Desired Candidate Profile Desired Candidate:Graduate with 1-3 year of experience in similar field.Good working knowledge and experience of e-commerce activities and all online marketing channelsA competent decision-maker with the ability to develop, own and build a strategic e-commerce plan for the site.Confident , Pleasing and go getter personalityEffective communication skillsAttitude & Aptitude for SalesShould be a team player, working alongside people from all walks of life.Holds regular meeting with sales staff.Reviews expenses and recommends economies.Leadership and Influencing skills: Identifies builds and uses a wide network of contacts with people at all levels, internally and externally. Achieves a good result through a well-planned approach.Initiative & Flexibility: Recognises the need to adapt to change & implement appropriate solutions. Be able to identify opportunities and recommend/influence for change to increase effectiveness and success on campaigns.Creativity & Initiative: Demonstrate creativity & originality in your work and have the personal drive and initiative to bring about change and help drive the business forward. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: Swiggy.Com "Swiggy is a food ordering and delivery company based out of Bangalore, India. Swiggy was inspired by the thought of providing a complete food ordering and delivery solution from the best neighbourhood restaurants to the urban foodie. A single window for ordering from a wide range of restaurants, we have our own exclusive fleet of delivery personnel to pickup orders from restaurants and deliver it to customers . Having our own fleet gives us the flexibility to offer customers a no minimum order policy on any restaurant and accept online payments for all partner restaurants that we work with. Our delivery personnel carry one order at a time which ensures we get reliable and fast deliveries Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details