TITLE: Walkin for Technical Support Executive @ Sony ( Third Party Payroll)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are urgently looking for Technical Support Executive for Our Organization (On Third Party Payroll) at our New Delhi Office. * Will be responsible for receving/ making calls of the customer * To manage escalated customers of Sony * Troubleshooting of Sony products over phone * Punching the calls in software Exp- Fresher With English/Tamil Fluency Education- B.Tech/B.E./Any GraduateÂ Interview Location-A-31, Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044, Near Mohan Estate Metro station Interview Date :- 11-May-16Â Interview Timing:- Â 10 AM to 1 PM (Late coming will not be entertained) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Customer Care customer service customer support cce cse customer relation cre csr CCC Technical Support technical support associate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer above Job Description.Â Company Profile: Sony India Sony is a name synonymous with technological revolutions. Over the last 53 years, the company has evolved into a luminous brand with a unique selling proposition - technology innovation, quality and premium. In past, the company had already established itself in the field of hi-tech entertainment, which have become a way of life ? the Transistor Radio, the Audio Cassette, the Trinitron TV, the Walkman, the Compact Disc, the Handy-cam, the 3.5 inch micro floppy disc, etc. Today, Sony has gone further by becoming a preferred choice by providing the products that will determine the way we will live tomorrow ? Web TV, Car Navigation Systems, Digital Cameras, Plasmatron Technology, VAIO Computers, professional requirements as well, whether it is broadcast media or color monitors. The company's leadership position in the world, today, is a reiteration of its ability to connect with the customer's mental space. Sony Corporation, Japan set up Sony India in 1995 as a 100% subsidiary. In the last ten years since our inception, we at Sony India Pvt. Ltd. have grown stupendously and are now targeting for Rs. 12 Billion, with a product range that handles televisions, music systems, camcorders, color monitors and broadcast equipment and IT products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details