TITLE: Wastewater Junior Modeller

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Atkins is one of the worlds leading multi-disciplinary consultancies. Within the water industry we combine leading-edge engineering with in-depth experience to deliver total water management solutions. Our Wastewater Networks team require a CAD Technician to work alongside their team in Bangalore. You will be required to: To work as part of Atkins Wastewater Networks team To assist in delivering a range of projects relating to drainage infrastructure design and planning Develop project deliverables, particularly drawings and reports in accordance with client scope, budget and quality requirements. Requirements Candidates should have a clear and demonstrable record of developing technical drawings using CAD or technical reports and an understanding of drainage infrastructure and related issues, including; MSc in GIS/MSc. Water Resources/Diploma in Civil Engineering from a recognised Institution; 0 - 2 years experience involving work associated with Water projects based in UK Water industry; Experience of detailing drainage infrastructure (pumping station, drainage network and CSO) drawings using CAD would be an added advantage; Knowledge of geographical information systems e.g. Mapinfo; Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office including Word, PowerPoint and Excel; and Excellent communication skills and be fluent in English (written and aural). Training Atkins develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development activities designed to help you make the best of your abilities and talents. We encourage participation in all forms of training and have an active programme of in-house and well as external training for all of our engineers. Sound Byte An opportunity for an enthusiastic and proactive CAD technician to join our expanding Water Networks team in Bangalore Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Architecture / Interior Design Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills cad diploma detailing gis drainage civil engineering proactive water fluent in english excellent communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atkins Global Atkins Global Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details