TITLE: Talent Development Program Recruiter / TDP Recruiter (night Shifts)

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Shift Timings : 9:30 pm till 6:30 am Working Days : Monday till Friday (Saturday and Sunday shall be fixed off ) Responsibilities: Manage all stages of the recruitment process for the candidates. Sourcing candidates for positions via: o Conducting detailed database searches o Researching and networking to find appropriate candidate matches and contacting these potential matches o Using social media sites and events to generate contacts Screening, interviewing and assessing candidates in comparison to TDP requirements. Coordinating Technical interviews with the US/India team and maintain communications and update all the parties involved via email/phone as required. Upload resumes and all other details in the Share Point portal against the requirement. Format the resume and present shortlisted candidates to manager/clients with their key skills and all the info on the candidates as per the requirement. Preparing candidates for interview with the TDP trainers in US. Maintain close contact and continuous engagement with candidates. Please note : Cab would be provided based on the suitability of route, else transport/cab allowance shall be provided . Note : The candidate has to sign service agreement of 18 months. The position is permanent with our organization . Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 4,25,000 P.A. Lucrative Incentives Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills recruiter technical recruiter IT recruiter IT recruitment staffing recruitments talent acquisition hiring sourcing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Required Skills: Expertise in using various sourcing methods including traditional job boards, social media, networking, web-mining, and cold-calling. Understanding and screening capability in various technologies / tools especially in Microsoft Technology (C#, .Net, SQL Server etc.) Demonstrated ability in hiring candidates across geographies within the US. Self-motivated, passionate recruiter with hands on experience in IT Technical Recruiting for US staffing Market. Company Profile: Helm Analytics Pvt Ltd CCS is a leading Global Consulting and IT services company, offering a wider range of solutions customized to various verticals and horizontals. We provide system integration and strategic consulting right through to IT implementation its customers. We have excellent domain expertise in verticals. As a diverse end to end IT solutions provider, CCS offers a range of expertise aimed at assisting customers to compete successfully in the ever changing IT industry. We provide long term solutions with Quality as our main focus. CCS is located in San Diego, CA. We have our dedicated offshore development center in Gurgaon, New Delhi, India. CCS offer end-to-end IT consulting services using the best practices in the industry. Our solutions include Software Development Services, Engineering Services, Systems Integration, ERP Solutions, Customer Relationship Management, Supply Chain Management, Product Development, Electronic Commerce, Consulting & IT Outsourcing with key focus area being mortgage. CCS?s functional experts, with extensive industry expertise and technology skills, build software solutions for today?s multi-currency, multi-commodity and multi-location environment. Our solutions help our customers to keep pace with technological advances, reduce cycle time across business processes, and become efficient and proactive to their customers while reducing costs and risks. We have proven methodologies that deliver the benefits of high offshore staffing ratios in as little as 6 to 8 weeks. Our approaches consistently deliver savings of up to 60%, and that is only the start. We practice the steering committee approach where we have one of our technical team represent us at the client location for the duration of the entire project. We can execute because of our unique, client-focused culture. Unlike our competitors, we work with you over the long term. And while most of our rivals depend on local contractors, we invest heavily in recruiting key executives, and project heads, and practice leaders who are located close to our customers in North America. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details