TITLE: Senior Business Intelligence Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Environment: Senior Business Intelligence Administrator is responsible for managing all Level 2 / 3 requests, incidents and changes for infrastructure based on Business Intelligence technologies (SAP BO & Microsoft BI) in corporate & investment banking environment. Major responsibilities: Managing support (L1, L2, L3 requests, incidents and changes), administration and engineering of SAP Business Object platforms. Support business lines applications under SAP BO Ensure production and testing platforms stability and performances. Manage BO license inventory (per user) Manage documentation for the BO platforms. Guaranty service availability (24/7), including monitoring, management of disaster recovery plan, infra weekends planned operations and on call. Maintain relationship with clients and partners Work together with other team members to ensure required time coverage according to defined planning Responsibility for ensuring that you are fully aware of and adhere to internal Policies that relate to you, your business or other businesses for which you have any level of responsibility. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with operational risk requirements. Responsibility for managing, controlling, preparing and escalating risk within the scope of your position Ensure compliance with all audit requirements including change control procedures and data security Graduate of computer science/engineering or related discipline. 5+ years of experience in an IT production context with Business Intelligence subject (SAP Business Objects and Microsoft BI) Need to be proficient in Linux environment as a system user, knowledge of Unix scripting is a plus Should have good skills on SQL queries and ETL concepts.Â Working knowledge of any relational database Experience on Informatica Power Center is a plus. Troubleshooting and analysis skills Willingness to work in high pressure environment, participate in 24x7 shifts and weekend on-call support. Good English level is required. French knowledge is a plus Ability to work within a team and be client-oriented is required. Specific Context: Opportunity to work in a critical banking environment that needs quick response and ability to resolve issues under pressure. "- Global Partners - Application Development Teams - Application Support Teams - ISMs - Project Managers" Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills SQL Queries Business Objects Unix Scripting Bi ETL Informatica Business Intelligence SAP BO Change Control Disaster Recovery Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Societe Generale Global Solution Centre Pvt Ltd Societe Generale Global Solution Centre Pvt. Ltd. has been set up as a strategic arm of the Bank in 2000, at Bangalore, SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale Global Solution Centre serves as a 'Centre of Excellence' for the Group. Global Investment Management & Services: SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale is one of the largest banks in the euro-zone in terms of assets under custody (EUR 2 731 billion, March 2008) and under management (EUR 391 billion, March 2008) SG GSC was started by SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale as its second entity in India after the Investment Bank. Over the past eight years, SG GSC has evolved to become the 'Global Knowledge Centre' for the Group with a reputation for providing innovative solutions that combine in-depth business knowledge with exceptional technology skills. The centre today has over 900+ employees and has plans to grow further in the coming years. SG GSC works for multiple business lines including SociÃƒÂ©tÃƒÂ© GÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©rale Corporate and Investment Banking, Specialized Financial Services, Retail Banking and Global Investment Management and Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details