TITLE: Network Design Sr. Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Network Design Sr. Analyst Dell, Inc. is a worldwide provider of information technology services and business solutions to a broad range of clients. We are currently looking for a Network Design Advisor to join our team in Washington, DC / Baltimore, MD. The role will be responsible for developing innovative solutions, complex testing and analysis of all elements of the network facilities in a dynamic, fast-paced healthcare environment. Role Responsibilities - Provides guidance and direction to less-experienced network engineers - Assists with performance evaluations of less-experienced network engineers - Regularly assists in orienting, training, assigning and checking the work of less-experienced engineers - Applies advanced understanding of Dell's business needs in the development of network resources - Establishes network priorities as they relate to Dell's achievement of short and long-term business goals and objectives - Analyzes and provides innovative solutions to network engineering and design projects Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills development network administration information technology healthcare dc procedures network design business solutions facilities network engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements - Undergraduate degree and 3 years relevant experience, or Graduate degree and 2 years relevant experience - Possesses and routinely applies broad knowledge of network related processes and procedures to the completion of complex assignments - Possesses knowledge, skills and abilities required to resolve most network related problems - Advanced knowledge of network performance, hardware and software, Solarwinds- Serves as a resource to others in the resolution of highly complex problems - Ability to consistently apply broad knowledge of network administration to the diagnoses and resolution of network problems - Advanced knowledge of security issues and implications to network solutions Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Why work with us - Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. - When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. - Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. - We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. - Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details