TITLE: Cisco Voice L2- Third Party Roll

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hands-on experience with voice and data products including Cisco Unified Communications Manager / Call Manager, Cisco Voice Gateways, Design, implementation and Troubleshooting of Cisco unified Communications, CUCM cluster architecture voice gateway configuration. Installation and configuration of Cisco Call Manager 6.X, 7.X, 8.X and IP phones. Knowledge of various protocols e.g. MGCP, SIP, H.323 and SCCP for unified communication. Cisco unity Connection and Unity Express integration/UCCE/ Voice Gateway etc. Survivable Remote Site Telephony (SRST) functionality, VoIP troubleshooting tools, Cisco Routers and Cisco Switches Understanding of Voice/VoIP service provisioning methods, Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills Cisco Voice cisco call manager cisco gateways protocals SIP H323 MGCP Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details