TITLE: Lead-workflow Mgmt

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description ion Job Description Lead WFM Analyst Location Gurgaon, India Experience 3 to 4 years in WFM. A wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE: SNX), Concentrix is a leader in high-value global business services. It partners with its clients to deliver end-to-end customer engagement services, technology innovations, analytics, process optimization, and business improvements. The global business services firm transforms the customer experience, and streamlines front and back office and industry-specific processes to provide the highest value from every customer interaction. Based in 25 countries with a staff of more than 70,000 who speak 40 languages, Concentrix offers industry expertise in 10 industries: Banking & Financial Services, Healthcare & Pharmaceutical, Insurance, Technology, Consumer Electronics, Retail & e-Commerce, Government & Public or, Media & Communications, Automotive and Travel, Transportation & Tourism Key Responsibilities: Job Description:- This Lead Analyst position will be working for a WFM team which is dedicated for a client who has outsourced WFM activities to Concentrix. The analysts will be required to discharge activities basis the team he/she is allocated within the business, however broadly the job could entail some of the following: Study data trends to help forecast accurately. Give recommendations at an enterprise level to improve SL. Work on distribution of workload across vendors. Optimization of events in a schedule as per guidelines of each site & queue. Creation of schedules on a WFM tool. Handling tickets requesting schedule adjustments. ID management and ensuring all OT guidelines are met across various sites. Generating reports on excel & validation of work using excel templates. Tracking and scheduling the new hires across various sites effectively and efficiently. Interacting with onshore WFM team through Chat, Call and Mails. Skills Required good communication skill. Flexible to work in 24*7 environment Candidate with Scheduling & Forecasting skills will be preferred. Ability to handle pressure situations Drive for self-learning and knowledge enhancement Experience Minimum 3 to 4 Yrs of experience in Contact Centre Workforce Management Experience with WFM software Comfortable in fast-paced environment Ability to make decision in time sensitive ambiguous situations Disclaimer:- 'Neither Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited nor any authorized 3rd party who assist with our recruitment process, ever ask candidates for recruitment, processing or any other kind of fees in exchange for offer letters from Concentrix. Offer letters and other recruiting correspondence from Concentrix are printed on Concentrix letter head with authentic signatures of appropriate Concentrix authorities.' Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills workflow analytics validation healthcare optimization automotive financial services scheduling enhancement travel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification: Graduate Company Profile: Concentrix Technologies India Pvt. Ltd Concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation, is a Top 10 global leader in customer engagement, technology and process innovation. We provide industry leading scale and delivery reach, deep domain expertise, advanced analytics, and innovative technology platform solutions which enhance our ability to deliver superior business outcomes and world class customer experience. Our global delivery centres provide world class business services, with over 45,000 staff, speaking over 40 languages, in 50+ cities across 36 countries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details