TITLE: Assistant Instrument Engineer (ica) - UK Water Projects

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Atkins are one of the largest multidisciplinary, multi or engineering design consultancies in the UK and one of the largest design consultancies in the world. Our Water, Ground and Environment business is one of the largest in UK and our clients are high profile utility companies, local authorities and independent businesses. We have won design frame work in UK water industry and due to increasing workload in UK and Middle East. Within our Water Ground and Environment practice we have excellent career development opportunity for an innovative and enthusiastic Assistant Instrumentation Engineer to join our MEPICA team in Global Design Centre in based in Gurgaon, India. We want a great communicator who integrate who can integrate well and who see beyond the standard approach to design delivery. You will be expected to lead multidisciplinary design schemes as well as providing technical expertise to a group of highly motivated, developing engineers. Requirements: Qualification : Candidates must be Degree qualified in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering. Essential: 2 year of experience in Water and Waste water industry/others. Supporting project as a part of team. P&ID symbols identifications Developing Instrumentation schedules, Cable schedules, datasheets, and layout drawings. Knowledge of preparing I/O list for PLC. Knowledge PLC and SCADA system, knowledge of international instrument standards Liaison with clients, suppliers and contractors Interface with other engineering disciplines such as civil, mechanical, process, Electrical and CAD Knowledge of instrument drawings Good communication skills Team player Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel proficient. Knowledge of Auto CAD is essential Desirable Feasibility, outline and detailed instrument design work Understanding, interpreting and support to respond to the needs of other engineering disciplines such as mechanical, process, electrical and civil. Support seniors in production of Instrumentation design documentation and drawings Responsibilities As an Assistant Instrumentation Engineer you will be required to undertake the following duties: Undertake to support technical design work at feasibility, outline and detailed design stages. Report to Sr. ICA Engineer/MEPICA Team Leader. Personal Qualities Capable of building and maintaining strong relationships with internal line managers and internal clients. Positive outlook and approachable manner. Self-motivated and able to work on own initiative. Ability to complete assignments on time, within budget and to required technical standards. Enthusiastic and self-motivated. Flexible and adaptable. Ability to learn new skills. Willingness to travel to various locations in India and abroad for short term assignments and training. Training Atkins develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development courses designed to help you make the best of your abilities and talents. These are reviewed with individuals through an annual appraisal process. We actively support staff in achieving corporate membership of relevant institutions. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Architecture / Interior Design Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Electrical Engineer-Industrial Keyskills travel documentation institutions career development waste water engineering design outlook maintaining layout standards Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atkins Global Atkins Global Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details