TITLE: Marketing Executive

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Description: Marketing Executive The Marketing Executive will be required to have a thorough understanding of how the magicpin app works and will be in a customer facing role. Marketing Executives will be responsible for: 1. Interaction with the Customers during Brand Promotion Events 2. Convincing them to download & use Magicpin App 3. Making them aware about benefits of App 4. Collecting Feedback from the Customers Who should apply? The candidate must be hard working, confident, highly motivated and must have excellent communication skills. Proficiency in English while speaking is a must. They should be street smart and must have strong interpersonal skills. The candidate should be comfortable working on field. Why should you apply? We are growing at a fast pace and are looking for deserving candidates to grow with us. You will have the opportunity to work closely with the founding team members. Associates who demonstrate a high level of ownership, motivation and performance can be escalated to the core marketing team in a short period of time. Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Incentives + Remibursement Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Direct Marketing Executive Keyskills Marketing Brand Promotion Communication Skills Product Sales Field Marketing Direct Sales & Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required The candidate must be hard working, confident, highly motivated and must have excellent communication skills. Proficiency in English while speaking is a must. They should be street smart and must have strong interpersonal skills. The candidate should be comfortable working on field. Company Profile: Samast Technologies Magic Pin is a start-up by ex-IIT and ex-IIM graduates with extensive experience in top tier consulting firms, start-ups and marquee VC firms. We are building a platform which enables local merchants to promote themselves and thus get discovered by their customers. We operate in the $1T (by 2020) offline retail market in India. This is a market that is 100x the size of ecommerce in India and constitutes of millions of merchants providing services like restaurants, fashion, spa, beauty, yoga, sports, gym, etc. It is re-imagining how local retail should happen in the mobile first world we all live in. In just 6 months we have acquired more than 1.5 L customers, expanded in 3 cities and covered more than 50,000 merchants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details