TITLE: Deputy Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We need skilled presales consultant who have exposure to and hands-on experience in handling Security solutions for reputed IT organizations. They should be adept and strong in the fundamentals related to IT Security arena eg. Identity and Access Management, Managed Security Services and Security Operations Centre. Consultants having strong exposure to Presales can also be considered with certification like APMP, Shipley etc. (1.) Team Development Operations - Ensuring operations run smoothly without escalation, meets all SLAs, On - call support. Resources have the correct skillsets and team is right sized. Knowlegde Base / Documentation: - Ensure process documents and run books are kept undated ticket quality Escalation point and client interface: Point of contact and escalation point for track performance. Need to interface with client in scheduled meetings Incident Management Change Management Root cause analysis / problem management (Trend analysis etc..) Capacity / Architectural management Customer Feedback (Appreciation, CSAT survey results) Process adherence & security compliance Value adds Reporting and operations review with custome Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details