TITLE: Urgently Require Storage Backup and Recovery Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Requirements Provides proactive recommendations to the customer for improving their use of HDS storage and backup & recovery software solutions. Actively contributes to the configuration, layout and performance tuning of HDS backup products. Participates in the design and operational execution of the customer's disaster recovery process as required. Manage, configure and maintain all aspects of the backup infrastructure in large multi-location/multi-tiered environment. Provide daily system backups, troubleshooting, new configuration and disaster recovery support. Participate in team's on-call rotation to provide off hour and weekend support. Performs necessary storage infrastructure maintenance and necessary data migration, as required. Provides assistance to HDS technical teams in the development of custom solutions and implementation preparation Responsible for performing daily operational tasks and maintaining availability at the customer sites. Responsible for backup infrastructure health check, testing, deployment, migrations, patch, upgrade and change management. Provisions solutions based on standardized procedures as outlined by HDS best practice documentation. Install and Performs complex software implementations per the specifications in the Statement of Work, Scope document, Architecture Design Document or Project Manager direction Provide advice or assistance from management and/or Technical Support as required during difficult customer situations. Works in conjunction with HDS colleagues to ensure effective resolution of technical issues encountered during implementations. Stays current on technical specifications and hardware requirements of HDS software products, including new and soon to be released products. HDS Certification may be required May perform other duties as requested. Salary:INR Best in the industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Project Management Architectural Design Technical Specifications Software Solutions Disaster Recovery Change Management Data Migration Performance Tuning Technical Support backup recovery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education Bachelor Degree (EE, CS, etc.) o Candidates without a Bachelors degree will NOT be considered Desired Certifications/Key Experience: o Applicable Brocade, Cisco, EMC, NetApp & HDS SAN Training & Certifications DesiredUSA Work VISAH1 Visa Transfers/Green Card sponsorship is available to qualified candidates. (H1 Transfer Available) SalaryCompensation is based on base salary, plus generous benefit package and profit sharing.ContactPlease send resume to resume@sandatasystem.com orMail toSAN Data Systems Inc4231 Business center drive, Suite 11Fremont CA 94539 USAwww.sandatasystem.com Company Profile: SAN Data Systems RED Cloud Computing Pvt Limited a division of SAN Data Systems a San Francisco based global Storage IT Consulting Company in the search for IT SAN Storage backup and recovery engineers. In this position you will work services engineering department creating backup and recovery procedures with various operating systems. This is a highly technical role as they will be interacting with a senior level Product technical team responsible for the architectural design, opportunity development and solution delivery of the HDS solutions and will be expected to provide the highest level of technical consultation in support of sales goals associated with these joint solutions. This team consists of advanced development leaders, architecture experts, standards stewards, and consultants influencing technology for HDS. This positions are located in Pune India. RED Cloud Computing Pvt is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or mental disability status, medical condition or marital status. RED Cloud Computing Pvt provides its employees with a truly global opportunity to work with the best clients, and the best tools, technologies and expertise in the storage IT industry. At RED Cloud Computing Pvt, we are passionate about what we do, and we strive to make a positive impact, not just on the lives of our clients and candidates, but our colleagues too. We work with the world's leading companies - they come to us because they want to transform their business, and that requires trust. We listen, understand and develop solutions that make a difference for our clients, accelerating growth in our business and expansion into even more markets. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details