TITLE: Vendor Selection

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have a Urgent Job Opening for Vendor Selection with One of the Leading MNC Company in Bangalore. Total Years of Experience- 7-10 Years Relevant Experience 6+ Years Job Location Bangalore. Notice Period Immediate to 30 Days Mandatory Skills: Should have hands on experience in Java and should have evaluated Java based Products. Need to help in evaluation and selection of vendors in the area of cognitive computing, Face recognition, Video sentiment analytics and voice translation Hands-on experience in doing quick POC, customer/vendor handling experience. Candidate should involve in 15% of Team Management and 85% Coding. Candidates from Telecommunication, Android, CNP background are Preferable. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Should be able to understand Product life cycle,frame works , Architecture and Design. 2 Should be able to understand CODES for each module in frame work 3 Should be able to evaluate identical open source frame work 4 Good at analytical thought process 5 Should be able to evaluate Requirements with available frame work 6 Should have capability to modifiy or change source code to our needs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android Java Open Source Team Management Architectural Design Vendor Selection Life Cycle Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: SMACera Technologies Consulting and Services Pvt L SMACera Technologies Consulting and Services Pvt Ltd is based in Bangalore, India with focus on Consulting, IT Professional Services, and Training. It has been incubated by industry veterans and supported by experienced professionals who have worked with CxO's of Global Fortune 100 Corporations having deep industry experience in creating, selling and delivery of solutions across various vertical domains such as Manufacturing, Retail & Consumer, Health Care & Life Science, High Tech, and Banking Finance Securities & Insurance (BFSI). We have established key anchor customers and marquee relationships with Tier-1 and Tier-2 companies in a number of vertical domains. We specialize in the emerging SMAC stack technology areas of Social Media - Mobility - Analytics - Cloud. We are a majority women-owned business with offices in US, UK, and India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details