TITLE: Network Engineer L3 ( Routing & Switching)

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Implementation of IP based backbone based on routing protocols such as OSPF & BGP. Complete working knowledge of Vlan/HSRP. Troubleshooting routing problems (EGP, IBGP, and OSPF) as well as router/switch hardware related problems. Upgrade/downgrade of IOS for switches/routers. Must have worked on Cisco 6500/ 7200 series platform. Working on issues related to Layer2 & Layer3 protocols. Links (DATA/VOICE) Commissioning, monitoring & troubleshoot them. Provide Change Management support. Monitoring WAN Traffic & generating reports of Bandwidth utilization. Monitoring of LAN Traffic through Sniffer Software & Ethereal Software. Firewall setup for third party access. Working with Cisco TAC for solutions of Escalated network problems. Keep track of Cisco TAC RMA's and ensure material return delivery. Co-coordinating with the different vendors to upkeep the data infrastructure. Knowledge of IPLC links (ds3, atm and stm circuits) Must be familiar with Data Center facility (Structured cabling, power ratings...) Certification CCIE / CCNP / CCIP / SSCP / CCVP Education: Diploma /Graduate from engineering background Experience: 7+yrs Experience Good Communication & Attitude Open to work in shifts (24/7) Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 14,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Networking Ccip CCNP Ccie Routing Switching Ccvp Network Engineering L3 CCNA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details