TITLE: Trainee

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should have excellent communication skills (verbal and written). Should have at least minimum experience of 6 months 1 year in a calling profile or DC-OPS. Should have basic knowledge about backups, SLS and Legato Should have basic knowledge about networks, LAN, MAN, WAN, etc Server Monitoring. Creating remedy tickets. Providing first level of troubleshooting Basic knowledge about batch job scheduling Basic knowledge about all domains. (1.) lndependently resolve tickets within SLA Adheres to standard operating procedures / work instructions Follow the escalation process Follow the shift hand-over process Update worklogs Categorizes as per CTI as appropriate Update the knowledge base Coaching freshers to be independent Coaching analysts for correct routing of tickets, capturing critical information Technically upgrade across versions of environment when required Adhere to organization policies and procedures Complies to regulatory requirements Alert Monitoring Ticket Monitoring Informing On - call support Opening Bridge Cal Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details