TITLE: Client Interaction Officer : CRM (HO, Noida)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Statement of duties and responsibilities 1. OUTBOUND Communication: Making Welcome call Responsible for Customer Verification: Address, E - Mail, Mobile. Customer Service Making reports for the team individuals using MS Office. Follow up with agents and customer to ensure complete satisfaction. Generation of productivity MIS on daily basis end of the day. Â 2. INBOUND Communication: Customer Service Handling queries of telephonic customers. Answering questions, logging complaints. Responsible for complaint registration. Handle Project FAQ'S. Escalation to local CRM team. Forward Sales Leads to concerned department. Handling all email customer communication. Escalation Management. Customer communication campaigns. Construction Updates. Responsible for complaint registration & response. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. No bar for right candidate Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Customer Relationship Management CCE Customer Handling customer relation management customer relations customer relationship client handling customer care call handling service handling customer complaints Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Educational qualification Must be a Graduate. 2-3 yrs of experience with minimum 2 years of experience in customer communication handling Voice. Basic understanding of accounts and the Real Estate Industry. Excellent customer handling and negotiation skills. Must be proficient in a PC-based environment. Excellent written and oral communications skills. Must be able to act with patience and perseverance. Possess a clear sense of accountability. Integrity and high personal and professional standards. High energy level. Company Profile: Home & Soul A real estate development organization with the purpose of creating fabulous yet functional homes and work spaces. Our founders have superlative experience in the realty sector and vision to achieve excellence. We are people who are passionate about what we do. We create aspirational yet functional homes; contemporary yet soulful. Our homes will be the true reward of the new age Indian striving for international quality Of life. And we do this the right way. For more details, please visit us at http://homensoul.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details