TITLE: Sales & Marketing / Legal / Front Office / CHEF /house Keeping/steward

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SALES & MARKETING -------------------- - Identify target segment, prepare different business plans / business promotion schemes - Meeting with various Corporates, Travel Agents, Training Centers, Institutes for accommodation services (short/long stay) - Digital marketing, managing leads through various internet sales portals, manage social media channels - Manage leads through phone calls, emails - Manage sales channel/partners - Study new markets/different cities and prepare launch plan - Fluent in English verbal/written communication, Presentation skills, Proposal writing, MS excel/office, computer, etc NUMBER OF OPENINGS: 10-12 CTC/Pay Package Â 12-15 K, Depend on performance in training period SELECTION PROCEDURE: - Face to face interview - Initial joining as trainee for first two month - Based on performance, move on to companys role - In training period Rs. 10000/- will be paid as monthly stipend and other field expenses will be reimbursed separately (Mobile, local conveyance, etc) LAW/LEGAL CONSULTANTS ----------------------- - Prepare Policy and legal framework for operation in different states/cities/NCR regions in India - Prepare contracts and other documents as per business requirements (agreements, internal policies, etc) - Liaison with different govt agencies - Property acquisition support - Fluent in English verbal/written communication, Presentation skills, Proposal writing, MS excel/office, computer, etc FRONT OFFICE MANAGER --------------------- - Fluent in English verbal/written communication, Presentation skills, proposal writing, MS Excel/Office/Internet & Hotel software. - Schedules the front office staff. - Supervises workload during shifts. - Verifies that accurate room status information is maintained and properly communicated. - Resolves guest problems quickly, efficiently, and courteously. - Updates group information. Maintains, monitors, and prepares group requirements. Relays information to appropriate personnel. - Reviews and completes credit limit report. - Receives information from the previous shift manger and passes on pertinent details to the oncoming manager. - Verifies banks and deposits at the end of each shift. - Enforces all cash-handling, check-cashing, and credit policies. - Wears the proper uniform at all times. Requires all front office employees to wear proper uniforms at all times. - Upholds the hotel & commitment to hospitality. - Prepare performance reports related to front office. - Maximize room revenue and occupancy by reviewing status daily. Analyze rate variance, monitor credit report and maintain close observation of daily house count. Monitor selling status of house daily. Ie flash report, allowance etc. - Monitor high balance guest and take appropriate action. - Operate all aspects of Front Office computer system, including software maintenance, report generation and analysis, and simple configuration changes. - Ensure logging and delivery of all messages, packages, and mail in a timely and professional manner. - Ensure that employees are, at all times, attentive, friendly, helpful and courteous to all guests managers and other employees. - Review daily front office work and activity reports generated by Night Audit. - Review Front office log book and Guest feedback forms on a daily basis. - Maintain an organized documentation of purchases, vouchering, schedules, reports and tracking logs. Number of Candidates Â 10-12 CTC/Pay Package:Â 18-25 K Depend on experience & performance KITCHEN CHEF ------------------- - Menu planning - A good understanding of recipes and food cooking methods. - Monitoring kitchen staff - Training kitchen employees. - Cooking and preparing a variety of fresh nutritious midday meals and other refreshments. - Order the right food stock and right quantity. - Enforce and maintain high standards of hygiene. - Supervise the cooking of food. - Manage food inventories - Good at communicating with work colleagues and can build a rapport quickly. - Maintain food costing. - In charge of stock control for the freezers, pantries and store rooms. Number of Candidates 5-7 CTC/Pay Package Â 14-18 K, Depend on Experience & performance HOUSE KEEPING STAFF ------------------- - To ensure standards of cleanliness, hygiene and tidiness in all Bedrooms/corridors/function rooms/public areas are maintained. Supervising the daily cleaning of assigned rooms, bathrooms, corridor areas and public areas to the highest standards. - This includes changing bed linen, replacing towels, cleaning bathrooms thoroughly, vacuuming, mopping and dusting daily. Subject to levels of business the housekeeper will be expected to also service rooms. - Ensuring the upkeep of vacant rooms. - Replenishing brochures and paper goods throughout the bedrooms/hotel. - To ensure customer satisfaction is maintained. - Resolving guest problems or complaints when possible and ensuring management are kept informed. - Action any maintenance requests in order to comply with the hotels established quality standards and ensure guest satisfaction. - To set and maintain standards of service commensurate with the standing of the hotel. - Managing a stock control and ordering system to ensure availability of stock and cost control to maintain costs to a minimum. - Attending any appropriate off and on the job training courses. - Wearing a clean and suitable uniform. - Carrying out any other duties as may be reasonably required by management. STEWARD ------------------- - Ensure to provide proficient and professional Food & Beverageservice to the guests by meeting and also exceeding their expectations. - Welcome the guests by greeting them as per the standards. - Any matter which may affect the interests of The Palms should be brought to the attention of the Management Facilitates the functioning of and / or oversees the functioning of Front Office Manager. - This would be over and above regular stipulated responsibilities and duties. Number of Candidates Â 20-20 CTC / Pay Package Â 7-12 K, Depend on performance in training period Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Internet Sales Channel Partners Front Office Management Social Media Channel Sales Quality Standards Menu Planning Food Costing Corporate Sales Hotel Sales Sales & Marketing House Keeping Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Cosy Tree Pvt. Ltd Cosy Tree Rooms - Hospitality sector company - Managing Hotels, guest houses, service apartments in Noida (100+ Rooms) in partnership with OYOrooms. Plan is to expand the services across Delhi - NCR region. Room Soom - Hospitality sector company, deals in long term accommodation on monthly basis), already have footprint in Noida (1500+ tenants) and planning to expand PAN India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details