TITLE: Technical Analysis Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this NTT DATA plans to acquire Dell Services as announced on 28 th March 2016. If you are selected for a Dell Services position and the transaction closes, your future employment will be with NTT DATA. Dell recruiters can provide you with additional information about any applicable changes upon request. Working knowledge of System Centre C onfiguration Manager 2012. Interfaces with customer and account based teams on projects. Responsible for providing configuration management services to Account Focused/ leveraged accounts. Should have a sound knowledge of Software distribution, Patch Management using SCCM o 20072012 Basic understanding of inventory / custom reporting (SQL) Handle test and release of applications and Patches using SCCM Knowledge of SCCM Client management Suite/ Client remediation all Levels. Working in 24x7 environment. Handling customer calls and be the escalation point for software deployment tickets. Imaging/ OSD experience preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills co pr sql client management sccm osd imaging f d windows server administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 24 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Demonstrates a basic understanding of current scripting technologies and batch commands. Demonstrates basic knowledge of windows server administration to include AD, domains, policies etc. Sound knowledge of configuration management principles and best practices. Ability to identify, define, manage and control configuration. ITIL V3 basic certification preferred. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details