TITLE: Database Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Intelenet Global Services(previously known as Serco) We are hiring for Database Developer- ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - 1.Design, develop and maintain database applications and business processes. 2.Create scripts and DTS packages for data integration, data maintenance or bug fixes. 3.Write SQL statement for ad-hoc report generation 4.Develop SSIS, SSRS and SSAS packages. 5.Query optimization 6.Develop proactive working relationships with both external and internal employees. 7.Consult with development team to determine business and functional requirements and identify solutions to resolve those needs. 8.Backup and recovery 9.Perform scheduled database maintenance tasks. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES - 1.At least three years of experience developing relational database applications with complex MS SQL. 2.At least five to six years of experience creating scripts, testing in QA and implementing large data updates into production databases. 3.Ability to read, analyses, and interprets general business documentation, professional journals, technical specifications and project management documentation. 4.Ability to write reports, business correspondence and procedure manuals. 5.Demonstrate ability to develop formal application specifications and project plans using common documentation tools such as Visio, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Project. 6.Demonstrate ability to work as part of an application development team; create structured code for integration into larger systems, document work for maintenance in a production environment, create task lists, timelines and deliverables, work to meet project schedules determined by others. 7.Demonstrate ability to define problems, collect data and draw valid conclusions. Ability to develop systematic testing plans for problem resolution. 8.Ability to self-manage assigned tasks. Job Description- 1.Â Prototype database schemas to refine requirements. 2. Analyze, define and document database requirements for workflow engines, processes, interfaces with other systems, auditing, reporting requirements and production configuration. 3.Create test plans, test data sets and automated testing to ensure all components of the system meet specifications. 4. Analyze database procedure/functions for problem resolution and performance optimizations. 5.Provide technical consulting and respond to error reports, problems or questions. 6.Â Monitor the performance of our applications and servers and assist with technical support as required. Regards, Prabhjot (HR) 09818971097 Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SSAS SSIS SSRS DTS SQL Test Data Data Integration Database Maintenance Problem Resolution Technical Support MYSQL php apache lamp tomcat drupal magento wordpress cake php Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Intelenet Global Services Private Limited Sparsh Bpo Services Ltd is a subsidiary of Intelenet. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details