TITLE: Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Installation and configuration of Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows Server, VPN and SAP GUI. Advanced trouble-shooting, including remote diagnostics using DameWare, NetMeeting/ Remote admin remote support tools. Monitoring of Incident tickets including ticket assignment, shift assignment in BMC Remedy. Ensuring all incidents (P1, P2, P3 & P4) tickets are recorded with proper updates from inception till closure in Remedy. Ensuring all mails & calls are reverted by the service desk within SLA. Patch updates including Microsoft critical updates via SCCM & IBCM. Providing Technical support to user over the phone as well as through Remote desktop globally. Antivirus (Symantec) installation & troubleshooting. Standardized business processes using work instruction documents, Outlook and Remedy templates. Ensured Service Level Agreements (SLA) was met by effectively managing staff and monitoring open incidents. Compliances Software Installation SCCM, Tarmac, Oracle, IBM an (1.) lndependently resolve tickets within SLA Adheres to standard operating procedures / work instructions Follow the escalation process Follow the shift hand-over process Update worklogs Categorizes as per CTI as appropriate Update the knowledge base Coaching freshers to be independent Coaching analysts for correct routing of tickets, capturing critical information Technically upgrade across versions of environment when required Adhere to organization policies and procedures Complies to regulatory requirements Alert Monitoring Ticket Monitoring Informing On - call support Opening Bridge Call Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Analyst Infrastructure Management Services Sun Solaris OS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details