TITLE: Software Dev Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Software Development Analyst Noida, India Role Over View Dell Healthcare connects people to the right technology and processes to accelerate innovation. Dell believes information is the foundation on which healthcare will move forward. We are committed to helping the world create an information-driven healthcare system. Dell has 20 years of experience serving the healthcare community and helping to solve business and technology challenges. We have an excellent opportunity for a Software Development Analyst in Noida, India to provide value to our largest and longest serving Healthcare client in our Services business unit. You will work with a fast-paced global leader in IT and have the ability to learn from the best and brightest in the industry. Role Responsibilities: Create the coded work product per the design specifications Perform the testing on the work deliverables Guide the team on various technical and project aspects Interact with various teams for effective project communication Requirements: - Excellent hands on in RPGLE, CLLE, DB2/400, and SQL. - Sound understanding of SQL and ILE concepts with implementation of those concepts - Good hands-on in AS/400 development projects in RPG Good working knowledge of Java 5 years plus of experience in IBM AS/400 I series servers Preferences: Sound understanding of Java Company Description With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success. Why work with us Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. Our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills healthcare development mca dell software development java sql dedicated energy conservation rpg Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required BE/B.Tech/MCA Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details