TITLE: Admin Assistant-gurgaon-mnc Consulting ( 3-6yrs)

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Employer : MNC Consulting Firm Position : Admin Assistant (3-6yrs)- Only Female Candidates Job Location : Gurgaon Roles and Responsibilities : 1. Calendar, meeting and travel management - Actively manages the calendars for the assigned Project Leaders with an overall understanding of business priorities to offer alternatives, tradeoffs and consideration of the most efficient use of Project Leaders time, and provides timely reminder as necessary; -With minimum instruction, proactively follows up on emails when copied, and determine the most appropriate next steps from scheduling standpoint; -Organizes travel arrangements; anticipates and co-ordinates point-to-point travel and logistics needs, include but not limited to directions, commuting time and ground transportation, passport and visa processing. 2. Supports business development activities - Actively manages and administers clients contact/database, ensure the accuracy and timely input of new client contacts into the database; -Telephone answering and screening including cold calls for the Practice Area that the assigned Project Leader is responsible for. 3. Supports case works -Prepares assigned Project Leaders timesheet and expense report in accordance with company guidelines; -Keeps track of assigned Project Leaders's resumes with the updated profile and accurate translation. Send people the resume upon request after assigned Project Leaders' review; 4. Other responsibilities and team contributions -Provides back-up assistance to relieving the reception desk for 1-2 hours, as needed (in absence of the Front Office Executive) -Assists assigned Project Leaders in other administrative tasks to leverage time, which may include to prepare reimbursement, medical insurance claims and keep tracking of travel days associated with tax filing in overseas, memoranda, slide decks, etc. . Please send your CV with below details if this suits your requirement: 1. Current Salary 2. Expected Salary 3. Current Employer 4. Current Location 5.Ok for Gurgaon -Yes / No Regards, Nikita Phenom Placement nikita@phenomplacement.com Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Strategy / Management Consulting Firms Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role:Secretary/PA Keyskills Administration Front Office Reception Administrative Assistance Travel Arrangements Cold Calling Travel Management Visa Processing Medical Insurance Insurance Claims Admin assistant Executive Assistant EA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Premium Phenom Placement ( www.phenomplacement.com) is a leading placement consultant for Mid and Senior Management jobs Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details