TITLE: Lead SW Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Designing software products using modeling techniques and software design patterns. Designing and developing web-based business applications. Participate in design and coding of the application software Mentors the team on technology concepts and ensures team compliance to best practices for design Mentors the team on the best techniques to debug and troubleshoot issues Interpret informal requirements descriptions and detail them for technical teams consumption Participate in code and design reviews to ensure quality and conformance to product standards. Qualifications: Graduate/ Post Graduate in Computer Science with atleast 60% throughout academics 6 - 9yrs' IT experience More than 6yrs of relevant experience Strong hands-on experience with Java, XML Exp. in Object-oriented analysis, design and programming, database modeling, etc. Expertise in Javascript, AJAX, JSF and other Java presentation technologies, SOA and Web Services Good experience with Unit Testing processes and tools (JUnit) Hands-on experience with Design Patterns Exposure to database techniques/tools such as data modeling, Oracle, SQL, etc One or more ORM frameworks such as Hibernate Conversant with BPM & Portal suite of products. Conversant with platforms, tools and frameworks used in application development Exposure to Agile/SCRUM methodology and TDD (Test Driven Development) Excellent Debugging / Troubleshooting skills Good Communication Skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Java JSF Hibernate Javascript JUnit Web Services Ajax XML ORM Design Patterns Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos is the global leader in delivering workforce management solutions in the cloud. Tens of thousands of organizations in more than 100 countries - including more than half of the Fortune 1000 0C2 0AE- use Kronos to control labor costs, minimize compliance risk, and improve workforce productivity. Kronos customers include enterprises large and small across diverse industries worldwide including retail, hospitality, healthcare, manufacturing, services, distribution, and the public sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details