TITLE: SAP SD Consultant

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from FCS Software Solutions Ltd. For one of our Client AWC Software, we are looking for SAP SD Consultant for their end Client - (Gurgaon). Below are the details: We have a challenging opening for SAP SD ConsultantÂ in Gurgaon Experience: 4+ years Candidate will be taken on AWC's permanent payroll and deployed at our client location, i.e. Â in Gurgaon PLEASE GO THROUGH THE JD CAREFULLY. Candidate should have hands-on experience on of SAP Sales & Distribution module Experience in preparation of functional specs for development objects One or two implementation experience of SAP-SD Certification in SD module would be an added advantage Candidate should have primary skill set of SD module Experience in SAP Customer Service would be an added advantage Selected candidates should come for a face to face interview to Gurgaon for final level interview NOTE: This is an immediate requirement, so people who are available for joining in maximum 30 days and available for F2F interview in coming week at Gurgaon, will get high preferences. Who have applied in Awc last 6 months, should not apply. Salary:INR 6,50,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Sap SD sap sd consultant Sd Module sap sales sales and distribution module Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FCS Software Solutions Limited FCS is a leading provider of IT services. In the past one decade of its existence, FCS has carved out a niche for itself in core IT areas like E-learning, Digital content services, Resource staffing, BPO and Product engineering services. As a business innovator, FCS helps clients achieve extraordinary results from their customer relationships, business operations, and technology. Clients choose FCS for the impact we achieve, our commitment to their success, and the straightforward and collaborative way we work with them. Our customers list include Medidata, Canon, Merck, Samsung, TCS and many more Fortune 500 companies. In annual (2011) R&D Scorecard of the companies from across the world, the European Union executive body European Commission (EC) has ranked FCS Software Solutions 18th among Indian firms. We have state-of-the art facilities based at Noida, Chandigarh and Dehradun running 24x7. Our continuous growth has been made possible by the result of livewire, energetic and focused IT workforce of more than 900 highly competent professionals who have worked extensively in the areas of application development and support, e-learning solutions, Business, Infrastructure Management, and BPO. For more details, click on www.fcsltd.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details