TITLE: Walk-in Interview for Jr. PHP Trainer from 4th May to 7th May, 2016

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Inviting all Fresher pass out candidates of BCA, MCA, B.Tech, M.Tech, CSE, ECE for Walk-in interview for the profile of Jr. Trainers/ Faculty (PHP Trainer / Faculty) from 4th May, 2016 to 7th May, 2016 Interested candidates can come for face to face round and technical round of interview with their updated CV at WebTek Labs Pvt. Ltd. Â GN-12, Shivaji Enclave, 1st Floor, Rajouri Garden, New Delhi 110027 Job Responsibility:- Those who are looking for PHP Developer / Programmer Jobs please do not apply as this profile is of a Trainer / Faculty profile where you will have to train students on PHP with projects and this profile doesn't include any development / programming. Candidate must have strong knowledge in PHP, C, C++, HTML, CSS etc related to PHP. Should be a good communicator and able to take workshops & sessions independently and also in a team. Needs to train in house students on PHP. Needs to train professional students and beginners. Needs to visit different colleges and universities anywhere in India to train students on PHP. Ability to learn and prepare Power Point slides in short duration. Develop easy to understand examples on the topics. Develop assignments and assessment material with own logic. Those who can join immediately will be given first preference. Must be presentable and smart having very good communication skills. Must be a quick learner and also be willing to pick up new forms of languages.Â Must be willing to travel all across India. Base location will be Delhi but have to visit various colleges as and when assigned to impart training to students If you can't locate the address then only call in 011-45001200 or 011-45001201Â to locate the exact address. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Trainer Keyskills CSS C++ C HTML Trainer PHP Cake PHP Codeignitor Bootstrap JSS Custom PHP PHP Trainer faculty lamp zamp mySQl joomla drupal wordpress magento dot net asp.net vb.net oops Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E., B.Sc PG:Post Graduation Not Required, M.Tech, MCA, M.Sc Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Webtek Labs Pvt. Ltd. WebTek Labs Private Limited was incorporated on February 2001, we are pioneers in delivering quality job skilling, and industry oriented training and digital marketing. Our technical and non-technical industry experts: * Groom students on multiple tools, technologies and domains * Deliver trainings across 500+ colleges pan-India * Trained up to 10,00,000 students Our digital marketing experts: * Increase the social media visibility of clients on major handles (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram) * Generate content for social media and SEO purposes * Undertake online campaigns and contests for clients, primarily on Facebook and Twitter * Undertake website development and designing for clients OUR ACCREDITIONS * ISO 9001:2008 Certified company * International Software Testing Qualification Board (ISTQB) certified * HP, Microsoft and IBM Training & Software partner * Yes Bank Partner for Industry BFSI (Banking Finance Services Industry) program * SMIFS Group's Partner for Financial Markets and Accounting programs * Corporate Partner for IT & Non IT training of some of the leading IT Companies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details