TITLE: SAP SRM / WM Senior Consultant for JKT, Noida

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: SAP WM/SRM Sr. Consultant Experience: 5-8 years relevant Location: Noida Required Skills: Should have 5-8 years of experience in SAP SRM and SAP WM or SAP MM Should have done at least 2 or more End to End Implementations in SAP MM / WM /SRM Should have worked in Support / Upgradation / Rollouts projects in SAP MM/WM/SRM etc. Should be confident in client interaction Team leading exp would be an added advantage Should have excellent communication skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills SAP WM SAP SRM SAP MM WM SRM MM SAP MM - WM SAP MM - SRM sap warehouse management srm sap wm supplier relationship management erp wm Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JKT JKT is a global Enterprise Software Solutions, IT Services and Training company. It brings 20 years of proven capability & rich experience in technology driven business solutions. JKT has demonstrated experience in providing Consulting, Implementation of Enterprise Solutions, Process Automation, Business Intelligence and Mobile Solutions. A part of one of the India's largest conglomerates, and 125 year old rich legacy of JK Organization, JKT strives to provide best-in-class services to its clients across the world. JK Organization is a $4 billion group with diversified business across the globe and dwells in both manufacturing & services sector. JKT has multi-facet partnership with SAP including service, channel & education. JKT is also closely associated with Nasscom & Gartner to stay in lead in fast changing world of technology, business solutions and human capital. Along with global partnerships, JKT is also ISO 9001, ISO 27001, CMMi level 3 accredited, EXIN, ITSMF, and SAP AMS certified company with numerous patents registered for IT service processes and solutions technology. Deep understanding and proven capability, makes JKT preferred partner in focused verticals of Manufacturing, Automotive, Cement, Consumer Goods, Infrastructure, Oil & Gas, Public Sector and Education. JKT brings the competitive advantage through process optimization & IT alignment, global sourcing, technology solutions and the most importantly passion of its team. JKT is recognized as Premium Training partner for many Fortune 500 companies and is an integral part of their talent acquisition and development function. It blends the traditional Instructor Led Training and Digital Training in a unique way to maximize the learning with minimum investment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details