TITLE: Manager Indirect Tax - CA 5 to 8 year exp. for Reputed Shared Service

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description The person is required to handle engagements related to Indirect Tax Laws, Appeals, Restructuring, Advisory and Consulting pertaining to Service Tax, VAT, Excise and Customs. The profile will also involve dealing majorly with Indirect Tax Compliances. Person should have good leadership quality to manage client service and lead a team of 4-6 persons. The client responsibilities include: Understanding of client issues-Ability to discuss basic technical issues, ask appropriate questions and gather relevant information from the client. The person should respond to client in a timely manner, displays commitment to outstanding client service. Responsible for the complete execution of the assigned engagements. Analysis & Interpretation of Provisions under the Central Excise Act & Rules framed there under, Customs Act & Rules thereunder, CENVAT Credit Rules, Service Tax Statute, Provisions pertaining to VAT, issues relating to Classification and Valuation of Goods under Central Excise and Customs, Issues pertaining to Central Excise Rules, CENVAT Credit Rules and CENVAT Accounting, Indirect Tax Compliances including VAT, Service Tax, STPI and SEZs. Coordination with the department for obtaining approvals, registrations, etc. The person should also have working knowledge of Foreign Trade Policy. The person should be able to handle VAT compliances on a PAN India basis. Networking & Identification of opportunities-Begins to identify new opportunities for existing/new clients and take lead for the same. Networks internally within the peer group and other levels in the firm in order to gain understanding of issues that may impact issues with the clients. Effective implementation of work, Provides timely and high-quality services and work products that exceed client expectations. Our client base includes service providers including exporters, traders and manufacturers. Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Taxation(Indirect) Manager Keyskills Indirect Taxation service tax Excise & Customs Value Added Tax sales tax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA, MBA/PGDM, ICWA(CMA) Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Practical experience and expert knowledge in Indirect Tax Company Profile: Responssa India Our Client is one of the most respected Shared Service Company in India having 130 employees in Delhi serving to multinational and big Indian companies. The company actively involved in rendering accounting and professional advisory services in diverse field to multitude of organisations, Indian and multinational. The Company provides services in the field of Accounting, Payroll Support, Corporate Secretarial, Regulatory Approval, Direct Tax and Indirect Tax Compliance. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details