TITLE: Vmware Admin- L2

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Basic Vmware concept Installation of Venter and ESXi from scratch Firewall ports to be opened for connectivity Configuration of Vcenter 4.x & 5.x and ESXi 4.x & 5.x Knowledge of Vcenter verions Knowledge of ESXi versions Knowledge of Vcenter License verions Knowledge of DV Switch and Local Switch Knowledge of RAID Knowledge of VmKernel Knowledge level of VMFS 3 and 5 Knowledge level of RDM Knowledge level of ISCSI & FC and Teaming Concept of HA & DRS Monitoring of VM's and alerts Troubheshooting VM Issues Scenario based questions Steops of upgradation of Vcenter and ESXi Troubleshooting upgradaton issues Knowledge of EMC Stoage - Celerra,Clarioon, VNX Knowledge of Cisco UCS - 5108 and Blades Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills VMware UCS Storage ESX Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details