TITLE: Credit Collections Opportunities at American Express

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview of the Business: Â Global Credit Administration (GCA) manages the company's credit, collections, and fraud service operations around the world. Global Collections oversees the management of our first- and third-party collections agencies, as well as various specialty partners. Â GCA aims to strike the right balance between helping customers in need through a range of workout programs, and taking actions to prevent spending that will not be paid back to American Express. In short, our primary focus is to protect and recover American Express' receivable assets, while delivering on our customer commitment. Â Â Job responsibilities: Â Ensure maximum recovery on accounts through inbound/ outbound telephone contact in a timely and comprehensive manner to ensure customer satisfaction with Inbound and Outbound calling Grow and nurture customer relationships on every interaction that results in measurable Customer value Meet and endeavor to exceed metrics on transactional quality, compliance regulations and productivity as per goals. Document necessary account information and offer custom solutions that benefit the customer. Balance customer interests with the interests of American Express. Salary:INR Performance Linked Incentives Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Service Operations Credit Administration Fraud Collections collection executive recoveries collection manager retention encore amex american express hsbc citibank bpo call center voice process barclays hcl convergys ibm wipro Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience Required:Â Prior work experience in collections required. Candidates with prior experience on platforms such as triumph / legacy screens would be preferred.Â Â Skills Required: Â Ability to analyze and interpret data in a systematic meaningful manner. Proven analytical and problem solving skills with a strong attention to detail. Ability to work in a fast paced metric driven environment with proficient multitasking and navigation in a windows environment. Ability to evaluate card members financial and account data to make sound business decision. Analytical mind & attention to detail.Strong interpersonal, communication and listening skills. Excellent negotiation skills.Demonstrated consultative experience, ability to influence, resourceful. Â Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations Company Profile: American Express India We are a global services company and the world"s largest card issuer. Our direct relationships with many millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide-combined with our leading edge marketing, information management and rewards capabilities-enable us to offer an array of valuable services that enrich lives, build business success, encourage financial responsibility and create communities of people with common interests. American Express for 8th consecutive year has been voted among India"s top 10 workplaces by the Great Place to Work institute. We ranked 1st in Financial Services, 1st in organizations using analytics to drive Employee Engagement and 1st in best companies Engaging Frontline Staff. We also ranked 2nd in best companies Developing People Managers. We ranked 4th in best companies for Diversity and Inclusion and 4th in best companies for Rewards and Recognition. In recognition of our consistent performance, we were nominated to the Great Place to Work 'Hall of Fame'. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details