TITLE: Senior TEST Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To test software code as per work allocated within the quality standards prescribed so as to meet the client requirements. (1.) To schedule the tasks and report. (2.) To test the Functionality as per the Test plan and respective Test Cases.. (3.) To create( & review ) the Test Cases from the Functional Specifications / Software Requirement Specification document. (4.) To contributes while test plans are developed as per the work assigned. (5.) To coordinate with team (for discussions) and interact with client (for updates) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details