TITLE: Walk-in Interview from 9th May - Technical Support Executive

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Role : Technical Support Job Location : Noida Experience :Â 1 - 6 Years Education : Graduation Mandatory Shift timings : 24*7 shift (rotational) Â Mandatory Skills : Should be proficient in Ms Office e.g. Word, Excel. Experience in dealing with Incident Management tool via Call / eMails / web Tickets from users in line within agreed SLAs Should have ability to understand and follow customer operational procedures. Retain a good understanding of customer requirements to ensure excellent customer service. Must have good understanding of the hardware, software and customer applications. Desirable Skills: Experience in support areas of IT would be beneficial e.g. Operations Analyst, Customer Services, Service Desk. An ITIL qualification is preferable but not essential MCP certification would be desirable Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Customer Support Engineer/Technician Keyskills Voice Technical Support ITIL Service Desk Incident Management technical helpdesk it helpdesk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Steria India Ltd Steria, is a European multinational organization, and a leading provider of IT enabled business services. Headquartered in Paris and listed on the Euronext market, our annual revenue is 1.80 billion euros. Founded in 1969, we have a 42 year old track-record of client success. Close to 20,000 people working around the globe we are Serving clients 24 hours a day from 16 countries. Steria India is CMMI Level 5 certified and is the first IT Company in India to start IT offshore delivery. It is also the First IT company in India to be ISO 9001 and 27001 certified. It is an employee friendly company wherein employees are encouraged to maintain a healthy balance between work and family life. Steria India is 6000 strong with our development centers at Noida, Chennai and Pune. Our clients are some of the biggest companies in key vertical market sectors, namely, public services, finance, telecommunications, utilities, retail and transport. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details