TITLE: Godrej Interio :: Sr. Executive / AM - B2C Sales (bangalore)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Godrej Interio: Godrej Interio has a whole array of Home furniture as well as Institutional furniture ranging from bedroom sets, dining sets, kitchens, kids furniture, desks, seating systems, open plan office systems, storage systems, shipyards, defence, etc. Our products have been certified by Indias leading medical fraternity as being ergonomically and scientifically designed. KRA: 1. Achieving sales plan of the territory on Weekly. Monthly and quarterly/Annually. 2. Stock Management (Availability, Ageing and Damage) 3. Product Mix 4. Ensuring: a] Width of distribution as per plan b] Depth of distribution for planned market share 5. Demand Generation through effective BTL (Below The Line) 6. Consumer experience at Franchisee, Dealers, Distributors/retailers - Outside and Instore communication (GSB etc.). Merchandising, Assortment, People competencies etc. 7. customer / Channel Partner complaints management 8. Innovation JD: Â The incumbent shall be responsible for: 1. Creating and maintaining ambience in the stores to improve customer experience. 2. Nurturing of distributors / dealers. 3. Ensuring correct product mix being displayed and promoted through all channels 4. Suggesting and implementing BTL promotions for maximizing brand awareness and visibility 5. Attending to customers on product complaints 6. Imparting on-the-job training to improve product knowledge and selling skills of channel sales team. 7. Taking feedback on customer requirement with respect to new products 8. Implementing company policies for planned market share 9. Ensuring day to day smooth running of channel operations particularly on deliveries as per promise & other dealer related issues Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Area / Territory Manager Keyskills Sales B2C B2C Sales channel sales dealer distributor sales executive sales manager sales incharge key accounts management business developement territory executive area manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.A - Any Specialization, B.Pharma - Pharmacy, BCA - Computers, B.B.A / B.M.S - Management, BFA - Any Specialization, BHM - Hotel Management Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Godrej and Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd From high tech engineering solutions to world-class consumer products, Godrej is an integral part of the lives of millions of Indians. Setting quality benchmarks and redefining customer satisfaction as we enrich lives across boundaries. At Godrej, its more than a career, its an opportunity to live your dreams. Its about imbibing a culture that nurtures your ambition with opportunities and challenges, a culture that encourages freedom to operate, to express yourself and to learn. Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd. is a manufacturing major with 14 diverse strategic business units ranging from hi-tech engineering to world class office & consumer products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details