TITLE: Lead-crm Operations

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Lead Location Gurgaon, India Experience 2-4 years of experience. A wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE: SNX), Concentrix is a leader in high-value global business services. It partners with its clients to deliver end-to-end customer engagement services, technology innovations, analytics, process optimization, and business improvements. The global business services firm transforms the customer experience, and streamlines front and back office and industry-specific processes to provide the highest value from every customer interaction. Based in 25 countries with a staff of more than 70,000 who speak 40 languages, Concentrix offers industry expertise in 10 industries: Banking & Financial Services, Healthcare & Pharmaceutical, Insurance, Technology, Consumer Electronics, Retail & e-Commerce, Government & Public Sector, Media & Communications, Automotive and Travel, Transportation & Tourism. Roles & Responsibilities:- Responsible for team mentoring. Keep track of schedule adherence. Providing real time Floor Support to agents taking calls Handling the Escalation and Supervisor calls/ sessions and taking Tier 1 calls for specific duration to keep yourself updated on the process knowledge Motivating the team members to achieve targets set by the company taking the key metrics into consideration. knowledge sharing and addressing issues of associates through floor walking, live call barging and providing feedback, coaching on the real time/ historic basis. Taking regular sessions briefing mentees on critical issues affecting process as and when directed. Sharing quality audits coaching associates on appropriate measures to correct Quality Process hygiene. Contributing in offering recommendations for process product improvement to the Delivery Manager. Taking regular pre and post shift huddles discussing high and low pointers. Providing Floor support to agents and providing other assistance as the Backup for the Team Leader Strong knowledge of Operating Systems (e.g. Current Windows OS) should have knowledge of basic technical issue (no boot, no internet, Wi-Fi connectivity etc.) Knowledge of Telephony/ Devise support Phone, Tablet, Phablet is a pre-requisite Essential Skills / Expertise required:- Excellent communication skills Good understanding of system resources and allocation Flexible to work. Open to work in rotating shifts and weekends Ability to work under pressure Target Oriented Team Management Skills Good team mentor Professional work attitude and eager to learn Yellow belt certification would be highly desirable Action Oriented, Integrity and Trust, Perseverance Command Skills, Problem Solving, Drive for results, Standing along and Directing Others Managing & measuring work Ability to handle pressure Problem solving, analytical and data entry mastery Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong external and management reporting skills Desired Skills: Proficiency in employee development to assist employees in meeting the Performance Targets through Hiring, Coaching & Mentoring Ability to calibrate employee performance to the Performance Targets through monitoring and Coaching Ability to communicate and resolve issues that affect Performance Criteria Ability to share operational improvement and take action with other teams Ability to manage projects to improve employee performance Ability to handle escalations from employees on their team Ability to escalate issues to their supervisor or other internal departments Ability to lead employees on their team to perform as per the laid out process and procedures Demonstrated language fluency in English Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills operations data entry crm travel healthcare hiring analytics financial services coaching monitoring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Education:- Graduate in any discipline Disclaimer:- 'Neither Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited nor any authorized 3rd party who assist with our recruitment process, ever ask candidates for recruitment, processing or any other kind of fees in exchange for offer letters from Concentrix. Offer letters and other recruiting correspondence from Concentrix are printed on Concentrix letter head with authentic signatures of appropriate Concentrix authorities.' Company Profile: Concentrix Technologies India Pvt. Ltd Concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation, is a Top 10 global leader in customer engagement, technology and process innovation. We provide industry leading scale and delivery reach, deep domain expertise, advanced analytics, and innovative technology platform solutions which enhance our ability to deliver superior business outcomes and world class customer experience. Our global delivery centres provide world class business services, with over 45,000 staff, speaking over 40 languages, in 50+ cities across 36 countries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details