TITLE: Senior Visual Web Designer Position with Nagarro Software, Gurgaon

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Title: Visual Designer - Website Job Summary: Nagarro is looking for a visual designer to update and maintain its corporate website. Additionally, the candidate will also be responsible for designing and updating company-wide marketing collateral. The ideal candidate should be fastidious and should have efficient production and optimization habits, along with impeccable problem solving skills through creative designs. Requirements: 1. Creativity along with a thorough knowledge of color theory, typography, and design principles and standards. 2. Has experience with diverse content, an attention to detail, and balances beauty, innovation and usability in designs created. 3. Must have experience in designing for Web sites, different OS, platforms, and mobile devices. 4. Should have experience in creating marketing collateral like brochures, flyers, banner images, custom power point decks etc. 5. Should have experience in creating style guides and defining corporate communication guidelines. 6. Should know HTML well and have experience using Dreamweaver and other HTML editors. 7. Command of leading design software, e.g., Photoshop, Illustrator, etc. 8. Must be self-motivated, good communicator, comfortable with following direction, thrive on multidisciplinary teams, and able to balance great design with meeting short deadlines. 9. Able to produce results independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment. 10. Should be a keen self learner and willing to learn the new advancements in the field of visual design 11. Understands the capability of latest web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JS/Jquery. 1. Experience: 3-6 years 2. Education: A degree or a diploma in Fine Arts/ Visual Communication / Graphic Design from recognized design schools Salary:INR OPEN Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Photoshop Illustrator Dreamweaver Graphic Designing Typography Visual Design Web Designing HTML Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nagarro Software Pvt. Ltd Nagarro ( www.nagarro.com. ) is a professionally managed company dedicated to providing high quality, on time and custom tailored software solutions for Fortune 100 companies .Our ranks include people from the IITs , IIMs, RECs, BITS and top universities in USA.We operate through our centres in US and India. We have rich experience in VB, VC++, Java, Web Technologies, Telcom, Embedded Systems etc.Our remuneration package is amongst the best in industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details