TITLE: Customer Support Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To provide information to their customer regarding their queires and resolve the end customer issues as per defined SLA | Able to work independently and efficiently to meet SLA | Able to comprehend the request of the customer and meet the quality standard (1.) Attendance/ Login Hours/ Unsechduled Leave/ SLA targets as per defined by the process (2.) Improving skill level throughSelf development / nominating training programs Skill reverification Tests (3.) Meet the defined Quality Scores. Innovation & Process Improvement (4.) The individual should be able to work effectively in a team whilst enthusing others to do the same for achievement of common goals of the team (5.) To consistently meet or exceed CSAT parameters as defined for the process Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details