TITLE: Cloud Systems Consultant I

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Provide ongoing technical configuration, interface, reporting, and other application technical tasks for Kronos Workforce Central hosted customers. Perform technical application level health checks for customers. Respond, troubleshoot and resolve application level alerts for business and technical users of the solution. Support Kronos upgrades for hosted customer base. The Consultant: Installs, tests, documents, and troubleshoots Workforce Central software installations Delivers managed service offerings to Workforce Central customers requiring ongoing support Delivers database management services Delivers technical application of service packs and upgrades Communicates effectively to both technical and non-technical individuals at various levels of customer organizations, as well as internally. Uses consultative techniques and skills in their consulting services delivery Shift work required Perform on going environment Health checks on Regular basis The successful applicant will demonstrate how they can apply their skills acquired as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and company policies and procedures. They will be expected to resolve a wide range of issues through imaginative as well as practical evaluation of identifiable factors. They will demonstrate good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. After initial training they normally would require instructions on their day-to-day work Qualifications: Preferred experience from Services Organization, working in a 24/7 support model 1-3 years experience implementing or supporting enterprise software applications and hardware used in web environments (Kronos/Oracle/PeopleSoft/SAP Human Resources/Payroll/Time and Labor preferred). Prior experience in supporting functional testing, integration testing and UAT Perform application level health checks for customers. Respond, troubleshoot and resolve application level issues/alerts for remotely managed customer base Demonstrated track record in delivering quality, on-time technology and business solutions to a diverse customer base. Ability to collaborate with clients, identifies engagement follow-on opportunities, and has a strong desire to excel. Should be flexible to work in shifts. Adhering to Kronos best practices and guide the team to follow the same. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills Selection Payroll Integration Testing Policies Database Management Business Solutions Management Services Enterprise Software Functional Testing Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Kronos is the global leader in delivering workforce management solutions in the cloud. Tens of thousands of organizations in more than 100 countries - including more than half of the Fortune 1000 0C2 0AE- use Kronos to control labor costs, minimize compliance risk, and improve workforce productivity. Kronos customers include enterprises large and small across diverse industries worldwide including retail, hospitality, healthcare, manufacturing, services, distribution, and the public sector. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details