TITLE: Strategic Account Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Team As a member of the mid-market sales team, you will be part of one of the fastest growing verticals within Dimension Data (DD) globally. Mid-market vertical finds new clients for DD, nurtures the relationships and grows them big enough to execute enterprise strategies. Please apply only if you have the drive, passion for sales & the desire to be part of a vibrant, fast growing team. The Role You will be required to implement DDs aggressive growth plans in the identified territory. You primary focus will be on new business while ensuring existing relationships are maintained. You will be required to understand, appreciate and conform to DDs global sales processes that ensure achievement of critical performance metrics like revenue and gross margin. You will always keep the client at the center of everything and ensure timely attention to any CSAT issues. Candidate Requirements Knowledge of ICT solutions like networking, security, data center, cloud, virtualization, IP telephony, voice, video etc., Minimum sales experience of 6 years in the above areas We are looking for hunters who thrive in a high growth, high pressure environment Ability to forecast based on quota and deliver based on forecast Proven and successful track record in delivering monthly quotas Knowledge of commercial processes in systems integration business. Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills. Ability to maintain senior level client relationships. Ideal Personal Attributes An aggressive self-starter Delivers and gets stuff done Team player Persistent with issue resolution Unquestioned ethics around doing the right thing for clients, colleagues & company Salary:INR 12,00,000 - 22,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Networking Sales New Business Account Management IP Telephony Senior Level Data Center Network Security Strategic Account management Cisco Client manager Corporate sales Enterprise sales direct selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details