TITLE: Require Accountant in Rohini

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Accounts activities-Cash, Bank, Accounts Payable & receivable Data entry of Cash & Bank vouchers in SAP Follow up for payment from customers Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement, MIS etc Finalization of Accounts Contact No.- 011-47051732, 32513949, 27931755 Contact mail id- yugal.aircon@gmail.com Job Location: Rohini Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 2,25,000 P.A Industry: Heat Ventilation / Air Conditioning Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills accountant accounts executive account assistant accounts officer tally accounts payable accounts receivable accounting taxation rohini Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: YUGAL AIRCONDITIONERS We introduce ourselves as "Authorised sales and services dealer for air conditioners in Rohini (East) New Delhi - India." Our Organisation is established in the year 1994. A veteran in the field of HVAC development, Mr. Yogesh Sharma has an enviable experience of over 15 years in HVAC. Turning a creative design to masterpiece is Yogesh Sharma's forte, corroborating his talent by Selling HVAC Products in Delhi and NCR for The Yugal Airconditoners. Under his guidance the company has maintained a track record of timely delivery and superior quality for every project. With Mr. Yogesh Sharma's foresight, convictions and never ending aspirations, the Yugal Augal Air-conditioners has touched new heights in developing a host of projects ranging from hotels and farmhouses to corporate offices for multinational companies. A firm believer of fair business ethics, Mr. Yogesh Sharma believes in reorienting ways to develop landmarks that not only match the client's requirements but also stand out from the rest as suave masterworks. Mr. Yogesh Sharma is a true believer in moral, spiritual and ethical development of the community. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details