TITLE: Structure Lead

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Qualifications Bachelors in Civil Engineering from a reputed University with Masters in Structural Engineering from a Reputed University Preference will be given to Chartered Engineer with a recognised engineering institution, or in a position to submit chartership application imminently. Experience Candidate should have minimum 20 years of experience as a Structural Design Engineer with minimum 5 years of experience of working as a Structural Lead on Metro Projects consisting of Elevated Stations, Shallow Under Ground Stations, Deep Under Ground Stations and Depots. Candidates who have handled major International projects will be preferred. Candidate shall be highly motivated and preference will be given to those who have delivered major international projects. Candidates should have excellent knowledge of Pre-stressed concrete structures, Composite structures, Reinforced Concrete Structures and Structural Steel Structures. Responsibilities Responsible for managing large team of Structural Engineers, BIMs, and CADs. Able to travel abroad, present work at Client meetings and deliver high quality presentations. Applies broad technical experience and knowledge and able to check/critically review work of all those in the project team. Able to prepare resource requirements for large packages Fully proficient in structural analysis and design of variety of structures and able to review deliverables for the project. Thorough understanding of international Railway standards, International codes of practice, Health and safety legislation. Able to co-ordinate with multi-disciplines Acceptance of the responsibility for the work carried out by the team reporting to him. Competence with engineering software such as Staad Pro, SAP, SAFE, ETABS, PROKON etc. Proficiency in developing schematic designs and detailed designs for small to large scale projects. Carry out checks on the work carried out by structural engineers and AutoCAD technicians working in his team. Ensure effective communication and coordination on assigned tasks between all disciplines. Ensure designs meet Clients requirements and compliance with relevant Codes of Practice. Responsible for compliance with Atkins QA/QC procedures and implementation of procedures. Should assist in development of staff skills Keep abreast of latest trends and technologies in the Industry. Flexible working attitude and availability to work outside normal working hours whenever required. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Architecture / Interior Design Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills autocad development staad pro structural analysis sap coordination schematic metro standards civil engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atkins Global Atkins Global Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details