TITLE: Quality Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Able to assess & ensure minimum required quality standards as per SLA | Able to suggest performance improvement interventions and contribute to increasing team productivity and quality. | Attendance | Training & Self Development | Passion for work Excelle (1.) Meet the defined Quality Scores. Innovation & Process Improvement (2.) Attendance/ Login Hours/ Unsechduled Leave (3.) The individual should have an ability to understand and carry out the allocated tasks and responsibilities in a timely and consistent manner and deliver results so as to exceed ones own standards (4.) Improving skill level throughSelf development / nominating training programs Skill reverification Tests (5.) To consistently meet or exceed all agreed Productivity parameters as defined for the process. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills QUALITY ANALYST Tools Standards Quality Control CMMI Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details