TITLE: Senior Manager - Telesales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for handling an established sales team of 35 - 45 agents. In future, as per performance, the incumbent could also be given more responsibility in terms of people and sales processesÂ Responsibility for driving sales and product mix targets. Analyze data trends, develops solid strategic sales plans, and prepare and conduct strategic pitches and sales presentations to key internal stakeholders Logically setting up Sales targets, identify CTP(Critical to performance) & CTQ (Critical to quality) parameters of the process & manages performance accordingly Look into customer feedback and complaints, and improve ways in which sales team can help service customers post salesÂ To provide regular feedback and coaching to the agents. Help develop a strong set of team leaders/assistant managers Identify areas of improvement in the team and plug them with training, delivered both by self and involving sales trainers appropriately Ensure proper Campaign management (Dialer). All campaigns are adequately staffed to ensure zero wait time Works with the sales head as and when needed, to identify new opportunities for growing the business, and on other important sales initiatives across all call centres Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Telesales Outbound Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Graduate/ MBA with 7-10 years of experience of which at least 3 years in B2C Sales.Should have experience of working on Dialer/Campaign management.The incumbent should have managed a team of telesales executives.Should find more efficient and productive ways to achieve results.See obstacles as challenges and approach them with a positive can-do attitudeCommunicate openly to ensure transparency and prevent ambiguityÂ Should be a problem solver and work against odds to make things happen when the situation demands so.Identify new and novel ideas, solutions, or directions in dealing with daily situations.Â Excellent analytical skills to interpret sales related data, solve problems, and propose solutions/take right decisions.Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Company Profile: Info Edge India Ltd. Info Edge is India's leading consumer internet company. With online presence in recruitment, matrimony, real estate and education, and strong brands like Naukri.com, 99acres.com, jeevansathi.com and Shiksha.com. With over 4,500 employees spread over more than 48 locations in India & Middle East and a financially strong status of revenue figure Rs. 483 cr and EBIDTA margin of 40.09% for last financial year. We also have a market capitalization of over Rs 7500 cr. Naukri FastForward is the candidate service arm of Naukri.com. It offers specialised services to jobseekers across profiles to complement their job search journey and speedup the process. These services are designed to enhance their profiles, increase exposure to recruiters and provide them with latest and relevant job openings. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details