TITLE: Inside Sales Executive - Gurgaon

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Lead generation, demand generation, appointment setting, IT Sales, Inside Sales, Excellent Communication, Smart, Logical Job Description Overview Looking for female Inside Sales Executive who will be Â responsible for prospecting, qualifying and generating new sales leads to support the Regional Sales Team. This individual will be a highly motivated, self-starter able to identify and develop new business prospects from multiple sources including inbound marketing leads, prospect lists, discovery and individual research. A dynamic personality with a drive to reach decision makers is essential! The Inside Sales Executive is expected to: Develop new business via telephone and mass communication such as email and social media to introduce the Lucid Solutions and identify appropriate buyers within the target market. Follow up on leads and conduct research to identify potential prospects. Conduct a needs analysis and determine prospects pain points to determine how the Lucid Solutions will speak to those needs. Work with the Regional Sales Team and Marketing team to develop and grow the sales pipeline to consistently meet quarterly revenue goals. Prepare and analyse sales pipeline reports and dashboards Required experience and knowledge A proven track record of strong client relationships. Excellent client service skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Technical Experience Proficient in MS Office products (Excel, Word, MS PowerPoint) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Telesales/Telemarketing Executive/Officer Keyskills IT Sales Marketing Lead Generation Inside Sales Client Servicing Demand Generation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Lucid Infotech Pvt. Ltd. About LUCID : Lucid is An Enterprise software products company founded by IITians is a highly agile & robust solution provider which is designed & developed to assist SMEs to run their business with remarkable efficiency & accuracy. Connect from anywhere through our Business On The Go solutions. Specialties: Human Resource Management Solution (HRMS), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Asset and Inventory Management Solutions Website : http://www.lucidtech.com Headquarters: 460 , Tower B1, Spaze iTechpark, Sohna Road, Sector 49, Gurgaon, Haryana 122002 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details