TITLE: Business Development Manager - PO Solutions

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Main responsibilities: Own and Drive Booking Revenue and Margins for the Performance Optimization Solution Business in India Be the single point of contact (SPOC) to the Performance Optimization in-country and the affiliated partners in these areas. Experience: 4+ years in Network related sales. Demonstrated ability to develop strong consulting type client relationships at IT Director / CIO levels Financial and commercial awareness to effectively manage the practice Strong strategic understanding of the use of technology and clients issues Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Solutions Performance Optimization F5 Riverbed Radware Cisco Switching Routers load optimization routing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Dimension Data India Ltd. Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details