TITLE: Recruitment

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent Job Requirement:.............. 0-1 year of experience in the field of recuirement -Manage end to end recruitment process - Sourcing expertise on web portals Strong MS Office skills-particularly MS Excel Excellent communication & customer management skills Education Qualification- Graduate/MBA from a recognized University. Job Location- Bangalore Interested candidate may walk-in directly to the below mentioned venue. AXA Business Services Pvt. Ltd. 2nd floor,Novel Tech Park,46/4,Garvebhavi Palaya,Kudlu Gate,Near Hyundai showroom,Hosur Road, Bangalore 560068. Time- 10 am to 1pm Date- 12th Oct 2016 and 15th Oct 2016 Contact Person- Pallavi Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills Recruitment and Staffing HR and Recruitment and IR Sourcing staffing talent acquisition hiring technical recruiter resourcing recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: BCA, B.A - Any Specialization, B.Com PG:Other, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile: AXA Business Services Pvt Ltd AXA's mission is to help customers live their lives with more peace of mind by protecting them, their relatives and their property against risks, and by managing their savings and assets. As a company whose business is to protect people, we have a responsibility to leverage our skills, resources and risk expertise to build a stronger and safer society. Our teams across the world are embracing five values that we are not willing to compromise on under any circumstances: Professionalism, Innovation, Pragmatism, Integrity and Team Spirit. In addition, three core attitudes (available, attentive and reliable) guide also all of our employees to better serve our clients and establish long-term relationships based on trust. To achieve this mission, we are committed to redefining the standards of our business so that we truly differentiate ourselves and earn the trust of our key stakeholders. With over 103 million customers in 59 countries, AXA's strong global franchises and three lines of expertise - Property & Casualty, Life & Savings and Asset Management - provide a distinctive business portfolio. At AXA Business Services we combine unparalleled experience and comprehensive capabilities across many different services areas to provided outstanding support to our AXA Group partners. The range of work we do covers the entire insurance spectrum (Property & Casualty, Life and Savings, Healthcare and Asset Management). Our industry knowledge, service offering expertise and technical capabilities enables us to provide the highest standard of support for the AXA experience for our millions of customers worldwide. Our Finance and Accounting function supports the making of key decisions based on financial results and also manages a wide range of accounting processes. Our Asset Management teams provide a comprehensive range of services spanning all asset classes. The services provided by our Actuarial, Business Intelligence and Analytics teams provide the ability to gain insights from data - a critical part of business today. This enables faster and smarter decision making to tackle the most complex business issues. A unique combination of strong business knowledge training, a culture of innovation and a vibrant work environment makes AXA Business Services a truly rewarding place to work. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details