TITLE: Technical Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must have Skills B.E/B.Tech/B.Sc or Masters Equivalent in Computer Science from a reputed institute (Tier 1 / Tier 2 Colleges are preferred but not required) Proficient in PHP5, and Hands on in advanced PHP coding Expert in MVC architecture (frameworks like cakePHP or codeIgnitor). Professional in corePHP with OOPS concepts Familiarity with and usage of open source technologies like Apache, Solr etc. Extensive coding experience on frontend and backend web technologies with at least 3-5 years Conceptualized and built a web product from scratch (or) played a major role in transforming the product Conceptualized and built a web product with web services and worked on creation of REST APIs. Aware and fully conversant with Social networks, social media, Social aggregation and other social web building paradigms - Fb, Google +, Twitter. Proficient in JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax Advanced in MySQL, writing sql queries, optimizing DB queries and designing DB schemas. Good knowledge of the Linux command line (desirable, not essential) Knowledge of design patterns / code smells / data structures Has experience debugging code Knowledge of load testing and optimizing code for performance, security and scalability Experience with Unit testing frameworks like phpUNIT Experience with caching techniques like Memcache. Must Have characteristics An evangelist profile who is hands-on with Coding. Excellent communication skills and organization skills Shows creativity and willingness to learn Professional business demeanour Strong analytical problem solving skills Excellent organization skills Flexible and dynamic, ability to quickly adapt to changing needs of the business. Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Takes initiative and motivated Optional/Preferred skills Has worked with bigData Nosql database designs and adoption (Cassandra, couchDB, Mongo). nodeJS angularJS MBA with Experience in managing the engineering team is a plus Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills PHP mysql lamp Javascript Jquery ajax mongo jsp Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Atlogys Technical Consulting Atlogys provides a Unique CTO service where it works like the Chief Technology Officer for many SME's and businesses. The goal is to work as a CTO and help customers with the design and development of large-scale, distributed, heavy-traffic web and mobile technology which is fast, secure and which will scalable to millions of users. In addition to CTO services, Atlogys provides an end-to-end, fully managed and monitored service that includes technical feasibility, architecture design, development, QA testing, optimization and launch of such technology for the enterprise B2B and B2C focused organizations." Atlogys is a professional IT services firm founded by Ex-Google Mt. View Sr. Software Engineers and Computer Science graduates from Ivy Institutes like Carnegie Mellon, Indian Institute of Technology and BITS (India). Atlogys is a trusted technology partner for CIO's & CTO's at various US Fortune 500 and Nasdaq listed firms including J&J, Enernoc,, and the American Association of Science. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details