TITLE: AmEx is Hiring Customer Care Professionals

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview of the Business: Â At American Express, we serve customers, not transactions. Were widely known for providing superior customer service and have been recognized for a number of achievements including being ranked highest in customer satisfaction within the credit card industry by J.D. Power for seven consecutive years. A career in World Service at American Express is rich in experience and offers opportunities to build lasting relationships with our customers. Come join us and realize your potential. Job responsibilities: Deliver extraordinary customer care by responding to questions concerning customer accounts for different American Express Products spanning across Consumer segment & Corporate segmentÂ in a fast paced, structured customer care environment. Process card applications in a timely and comprehensive manner to ensure customer satisfaction with Inbound and Outbound calling Highlight issues through feedback and recommend changes in workflows, procedures and service levels to meet customer needs and to ensure quality service at all times Grow and nurture customer relationships on every interaction that results in measurable Customer value Document necessary account information and offer custom solutions that benefit the customer. Deliver extraordinary results measured by customer satisfaction, effectiveness, efficiency and quality Balance customer interests with the interests of American Express Deliver Employees, Customers and Shareholder metrics as per goals Resolve all customer queries and follow established problem ticket recording procedures as appropriate. Gather relevant information from customers as required and update it accurately to facilitate the decisioning process Salary:INR Performance Linked Incentives Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Inbound Outbound Calling Customer Service Customer Care Service Quality Customer Satisfaction BPO and ITES voice process Customer Servicing amex american express concentrix convergys hcl 3G Dell teleperformance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience Required: Â Â Prior customer service experience with a passion for building customer loyalty through exceptional listening, relationship building, and strong written and verbal communication.Â Â Skills Required: Â Ability to work in a fast paced metric driven environment with proficient multitasking and navigation in a windows environment. Strong written and verbal communication. Analytical mind & attention to detail. Knowledge of Amex card product would be preferred. Demonstrated consultative experience, ability to influence, resourceful. Â Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Company Profile: American Express India We are a global services company and the world"s largest card issuer. Our direct relationships with many millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide-combined with our leading edge marketing, information management and rewards capabilities-enable us to offer an array of valuable services that enrich lives, build business success, encourage financial responsibility and create communities of people with common interests. American Express for 8th consecutive year has been voted among India"s top 10 workplaces by the Great Place to Work institute. We ranked 1st in Financial Services, 1st in organizations using analytics to drive Employee Engagement and 1st in best companies Engaging Frontline Staff. We also ranked 2nd in best companies Developing People Managers. We ranked 4th in best companies for Diversity and Inclusion and 4th in best companies for Rewards and Recognition. In recognition of our consistent performance, we were nominated to the Great Place to Work 'Hall of Fame'. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details