TITLE: Walk in for Dotnet /Sr. Dotnet Developer on 6th May 2016

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Adheres to development deadlines and schedules.Â Understands the necessity of and contributes to coding standards.Â Should be able to prioritize multiple tasks effectively.Â Encourages other employees to take responsibility for their development within the company. Create Unit Test Cases Unit Test and Integration Testing of the Release Tasks Maintains the Code Base in VSS Properly Should be able to work on .Net Technologies like Web services, Windows Services, ADO.Net and Reflection. Expertise in using Web developments tools such as HTML, JavaScript, XML, JQuery and AJAX. ASP/VB Knowledge added advantage. Knowledge of MVC will be preferred. Write SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers and Views using SQL Should be able to work on GUI + Libraries as well Understands and Implements Microsoft Patterns and Practices across applications Good Command over Custom / User Controls, Custom attributes, Http Handlers and Http Modules. Should have good analytical, communication and interpersonal skills.Â Proficient in technical writing and Presentation. Note: Shortlisting will be done on first come first basis. Walk in Drive on 2nd May (Friday)only. Time: 10:30 am to 4:30 pm Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills software developer dotnet developer Mvc Architecture Javascript Jquery json ajax css xml xslt .Net Asp .Net Dot Net Mvc Mvc Architecture asp.net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Professional Work Experience:Minimum 1.5 to 4 years of Experience in the Software Development in various business applications.Â Understands technical and functional design requirements.Â Designs, codes, and tests technical solutions.Â Understands client server and internet systems architectures.Â Possesses basic knowledge of classes, components, objects, and interfaces.Identifies system deficiencies and recommends solutions.Experience in design using OOPS, Design patterns (Factory Method, Abstract Factory, Singleton) . Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Desired Skill Sets:Methodologies : SDLCLanguages : Dot Net (VB DotNet and C#)/ASP/Com/DCom,Web Scripts& Technologies : ASP.Net, JavaScript, HTML, XML, Ajax, ASPWeb Application Server : IIS 6.0, 7.0RDBMS Database : SQL-SERVERÂ Configuration Mgmt. : VSS/Visual Studio Team Suite. Company Profile: QuadLabs Technologies Private Limited QuadLabs Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is an Software MNC dealing in the travel sector. It is an ISO certified and Microsoft Gold Certified Partner. We are one of the premier travel technology specialist providing products and customized software solutions to the travel industry. We are uniquely equipped in the travel technology sphere having worked on the business processes of several large and medium scale travel agents across diverse geographies Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details