TITLE: Contract Retainer

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To manage and ensure that the project schedules are adhered to as per the client specifications and deliveries are as per the time and quality standards. (1.) Raising risks| issues and escalation to senior management and customer (2.) Co-ordination with On-Site Engineers and attending customer calls (3.) To ensure process improvement and compliance| and participate in technical design discussion and to review technical documents (4.) To create all quality documents| collect metrics data and conducting Audits. To perform Value creation and KM activities. (5.) To create project plans and keep track of schedule for on time delivery as per the defined quality standard Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Quality tech lead data management java software PHP analyst consultant SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details