TITLE: Configuration Mgmt Sr. Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this NTT DATA plans to acquire Dell Services as announced on 28 th March 2016. If you are selected for a Dell Services position and the transaction closes, your future employment will be with NTT DATA. Dell recruiters can provide you with additional information about any applicable changes upon request. Job Description for Software Distribution Job (SCCM) Understands and applies principles, concepts, theories, technologies and standards of professional field. Develops and applies specialized knowledge within own discipline. Deepens knowledge through exposure to new assignments and continuous learning. Good working knowledge and demonstrated ability utilizing systems, tools and procedures to accomplish job. Builds deeper understanding of processes, procedures, customers and organization. Assists program or process development and implementation. Coordinates activities and processes. Applies research, information gathering and analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope. Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity. Works on assignments where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making choices, recommendations, or decisions. Regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment on business matters. Works under general direction. Work is guided by objectives of the area or assignment. Refers to established policies and precedents as needed. Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work. When assigned to a customer team, actively participates on small to medium sized project teams in support of customer deliverables. Contributes to area by ensuring quality of output. Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area. Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise. Applies knowledge and understanding of customer needs and other internal/ external contacts. Participates in development of innovative solutions to improve environment and reduce overall support. Working knowledge of current configuration management software ex. System Centre Configuration Manager (SCCM). Interfaces with customer and account based teams on projects. Performs complex troubleshooting activities. Provides 3rd-level technical support in resolving internal and customer technical issues. Responsible for providing configuration management services to Account Focused/ leveraged accounts. Should have a deep knowledge in Inventory Management, Software distribution, Patch Management using SCCM 20072 Knowledge in Image Management using SCCM 2007 & 2012. Very sound knowledge on various Imaging engines and Windows7 imaging technology Able to develop custom deployment scripts (VBS, batch etc...) Understanding on Package server, Task server, PXE server concepts Strong in troubleshooting Windows server/ client and Networking issues, server side as well as client side issue Resilient in troubleshooting able to create custom scripts for gathering the inventory from clients Handle test and release of applications and Patches using SCCM Knowledge of SCCM Client management Suit all Levels. Should be able generate custom reports using SQL queries Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills networking development technical support troubleshooting configuration management service accounts sccm patch management interfaces Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications 4-6 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Demonstrates a basic understanding of current scripting technologies and batch commands. Demonstrates basic knowledge of windows server administration to include AD, domains, policies etc. In-depth knowledge of configuration management principles and best practices. Ability to identify, define, manage and control configuration. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details