TITLE: Growth Hacker, Marketing - Startup

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description PosterGully.com (Merchbay Products Pvt. Ltd.) is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. Were a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dcor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Were seeking a Growth Hacker to join our team in Delhi. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated, entrepreneurial team player with a passion for devising strategies to drive online traffic & own digital marketing campaigns for our brand. Responsibilities: Devise and implement a robust digital marketing plan to support our growth objectives. Develop strategy to increase online traffic multi-fold. Leverage a range of techniques including paid search, SEO and PPC etc. effectively to maximize conversion and ROI. Work with product and engineering team to drive brand awareness and adoption, by spearheading various campaigns. Leverage state of the art data analysis capabilities to enhance organizations competitiveness. Keep abreast of, and adopt latest trends and techniques in digital marketing for organization's benefit. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Digital Marketing SEO PPC Marketing Campaigns Marketing Planning Strategy Data Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills & Requirements: 3-5 years of demonstrated excellence as a digital marketer Must have strong understanding of effective marketing strategies across all major digital media channels. Proven capability of driving large scale customer acquisition through digital marketing in an online commerce environment. The ideal candidate would have experience in setting-up from scratch, online marketing for a product company Hands-on expertise in paid/organic traffic sources including SEM/Social/Other paid media Proven ability to derive actionable insights from a lot of data. Must have expertise in using various digital platforms like Adwords, Facebook, Ad networks, Google Analytics, etc. to drive digital marketing and campaign analytics across various channels Understands what it takes to build brand loyalty Must be aware of latest trends in digital mediaIdeal style: You think in terms of achievements, not departments, responsibilities, or hierarchy You are driven by curiosity and innovation, and are always up for a good challenge You bring an analytical and problem solving mind set. You dont like being thrown in at the deep end. You like to jump yourself! You have demonstrated the ability to work effectively both as an individual and in a team environment You must be able to thrive in chaos while being organized and detail oriented to be productive. Must be able to roll up the sleeves and do things.Why join us? Opportunity to work in a dynamic fast growing start-up wanting to grow even faster! Competitive salary and Equity Stock Options (ESOPs) based on the profile and years of experience. We did $XXX,000 in GMV last F.Y., and growing rapidly, thus offering potential for uncapped earnings based on performance. Work on a killer business idea with a fantastic team with a spirit of fun and mischief! Immense learning and growth opportunities in small, multi-functional, tightly-knit teams of smart folks Flexible hours & work environment Your work is appreciated by thousands of users daily No dress code: wear shorts, sandals or whatever Free company sponsored lunch, regular parties and beer! Company Profile: PosterGully.com PosterGully.com is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. We're a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dÃƒÂ©cor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Working on a 'Just in Time' model with no investment from the artists, it handles the technology, support as well as complete fulfillment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details