TITLE: Manager-corporate Affair

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are looking for a senior person for this position. Job Description :- Liaisoning With officials of regulatory bodies Like Ministry of Consumer Affairs :: Food & Public Distribution, Ministry Of Commerce & Industry(MoCI), Ministry of Corporate Affairs(MCA), Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas, New Delhi Muncipal Council(NDMC) to ensure early/timely processing of project files & lobbying. Liaisoning with Ministry of Communications & Information technology (Department of Telecommunications) regarding VHF frequency allotment/license for Wireless Sets, amendment of wireless stations & renewal cases of wireless stations. Assist the legal team with relevant information on regulatory laws and standards when required. Representative at government meetings (ISMA, CII, FICCI, OMCs) on behalf of the organization to take up issues on regulations Coordination with Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) related to supply of ethanol and payments. Asset an facility management of ETH, MPs official residence and VC&MDs residence (Jorbagh). PR with PAs, PSs, and Secretaries of MPs and Ministers. Coordinating with Press & Media in Delhi w.r.t Commodities & Parliament related activities. Keep abreast of latest regulatory requirements, inform manufacturing units and ensure compliance to regulations and laws. Continuous monitoring of standards and regulations implemented by the industry. Liaison with Department of Legal Affairs, Solicitors and Advocates of the Company and collect documents and other details with respect to legal cases of the Company from all the Units / Zones of the Company. Liaisoning With Office of the Registrar of Trademarks to ensure early/timely processing of Trademarks Applications. Liaisoning With Private & Nationalized Bank for loan and account matters. Re-present the queries of company by viewing interest of it. Liaisoning with govt. officials related to RTI matters. Interested can send their profiles on Vishav.singh@bikano.com. Regards Vishav Singh Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role Category:Drug Regulatory Affairs/Documentation Role:Regulatory Affairs Manager Keyskills Corporate Affairs Direct Selling Financial Services advisory Government Liasioning govt liasioning govt affair Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Bikanervala Foods (P) Ltd. Bikanervala Foods Pvt Ltd. is a leading FMCG manufacturing group having chain of restaurant in India & abroad Bikano's packaged products have always been a big hit with customers in both India and abroad. Their food products like namkeens, cookies and syrups have made it the most preferred in between meal snack all over the world. Bikano's concept of constant innovation through the use of modern technology for packaging retains its original flavour for maximum time period. With this vast variety of finest packaged products one can always ready to celebrate a sweet moment , any time , any where. Bikano products are available in Bikanervala & Bikano Chat Cafe outlets and in leading super markets and retail stores in India & abroad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details