TITLE: IT Executive

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this (1) Daily User Call (2) Monitoring of UPS, Printers, server rack (3) Network Monitoring (4) Back up of users data & application data (5) Monthly MIS report (6) Coordinate with vendors for support (7) Installation of new systems Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Networking Network Monitoring Installation MIS Reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Worlds Window Impex India Pvt. Ltd Vastu Star Trading Pvt. Ltd. is a subsidiary of Worlds Window Group The Worlds Window Group is a multi-division organization, established in 1993. The group was founded as a trading venture for ferrous and non-ferrous metal scrap. Over the years, the group has steadily grown and expanded into several business undertakings. The 'Worlds Window Impex India Private Limited' is the group"s flagship venture dealing in ferrous and non ferrous metal and scrap trading. Presently, it is one of the largest importers in Northern India. The venture has achieved immense recognition, and has been awarded the 2nd largest importer title for two consecutive years. Magnifico Minerals Private Limited (MMPL) commenced operations in August 2012 . MMPL is well placed to capitalize on the growing demand of imported coal within the country. The group ventured into the manufacturing of Aluminium Composite Panels (ACP) at its plants in Jammu and Samba in 2004. Today, 'Alstrong Enterprises India Private Limited' is leading the way in ACP manufacturing in India with cutting edge quality and notable clientele. In 2004, the increased volumes and frequency of imports by the group led to the initiation of 'Maple Logistics Private Limited'. Maple Logistics specialises in the movement of containerised cargo. It has grown into a 'Multi Modal Total Logistics Solution Provider' to local and multinational companies present across India. Again in the logistics sector, 'Worlds Window Infrastructure & Logistics Private Limited' was established in 2006 for handling containers and cargo at Inland Container Depot (ICD) Loni, Ghaziabad. Today, it has reached a traffic volume of more than 14,000 containers per month. It is the 3rd largest Inland Container Depot (ICD) and the largest private ICD in India in terms of volume. It received the prestigious award of "ICD of the year" in 2012. One more ICD at Wardha (Nagpur) started operations in 2009. Being located in central India, this ICD has excellent connectivity through road, rail and air. Another upcoming ICD in Bawal (Haryana) aims to provide world class facilities to importers and exporters of the region. This will empower the area and help in its transformation as a business hub. The Group also ventured into freight and forwarding business by acquiring "Seagull Global Logistics" in 2009, which was renamed "Seagull Maritime Agencies Private Limited". Worlds Window group is coming up with "Free Trade Warehousing Zone (FTWZ)" in Kandla. Being an international trading hub, it proposes to add value to importers by rationalizing their logistics costs. There will be associated benefits of foreign direct investments and tax rebates as well for the customers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details