TITLE: Material Engineer

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear All, We have Urgent requirement for the post of Material Engineer / Manager Total years of Experience :- 5 to 15 years CTC: - 5 to 15 Lac Job Location: - Haryana/ Ambala Interview Date : 08/05/2016 To 09/05/2016 Time : 09.00 AM To 05.00PM Interview venue ; Ethnic Resort , Rai, Opp. Rajiv Gandhi Education City, Distt : Sonipat Contact Person: Mr. Niarv Soneji 9099994761 Job profile : Assists the client in finalization of Quarries, Verification of the documents pertaining to the quarry location. Getting the sample tested. Recommending / approving the quarry location based on test results. Keeping and maintaining the records of all the material contractual correspondences. QA/QC procedure setting for each activity. Preparation of monthly progress report /Quarterly progress report /Daily progress report in adequate numbers along with detailed quality control test statement in an approved format. Advise on use of modern technology and materials to reduce construction time and cost over run. Reviewing and approving construction plants and equipments. Review /Revise /Prepare quality assurance manual and Institute quality assurance system for submission to the IC and implementation at site accordingly. Witness, review and approve material reports and test results. Witness, review and approve source of materials. Witness, review and endorse job mix for sub-base, base course and cement concrete for structure and pavement and sequence of laying and testing. Witness and check all tests and carryout independent tests as and when required. Maintain record of tests on materials and works. Order special test of material for completed works. Order removal and substitution of improper material. Approve / suggest modification in mix design, laying methods, sampling and testing procedure and quality control measures to ensure required standard and consistency in quality, at the commencement of item. Day to day quality control, workmanship and supervise and inspect the performance of work based on RFI working system and maintaining the records accordingly. Verify and certify quality and completion of works. Thanks, Human Resource - Sadbhav Engineering Limited Salary:INR 8,50,000 - 15,00,000 P.A Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Civil Engineer-Highway/Roadway Keyskills QA QC Quality Control Quality Assurance Inspection Concrete Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Civil, Diploma - Any Specialization, Civil PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sadbhav Engineering Ltd. Construction Company in Roads & Highways, Canals, Mining work etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details