TITLE: Technical Development Manager - Java/maven

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description : Development Manager (Technical Profile) - You take pride in your work and have a passion for what you do. - You aspire to great design and properly vetted acceptance criteria prior to any development work. - You are eager to work in a fast paced and exciting SW development organization. - You can talk eloquently on a range of topics due to your experiences working with various technologies in and outside of full time employment. - For you it's more than a job. - Our teams are cross-functional, self-organizing and highly autonomous. - You'll be working with other developers, product managers and stakeholders in a highly collaborative manner. - We are strong advocates of Test Driven Development, Pair Programming, Refactoring and Continuous Delivery, and constantly looking to improve the way we work. Specifically, an individual in this role will : - Have 10+ years of Domain-Driven Design (DDD) and development experience - Provide design and architecture leadership to the development team - Break down user and technical stories into tasks and work on them - Be a primary development contributor - Write unit and integration test cases and code comments -Write technical documentation for use by other developers, testers and support personnel - Participate in code reviews and refactoring - Participate in Level 3 support of production environments - Attend daily scrum meetings - Collaborate with team members overseas and on location Here's a general summary list of technologies we currently use : - Java 1.7 and 1.8 - Maven, Git, Jenkins, Puppet - Spring Boot, micro-services, REST, WebSockets - Apache Kafka & Zookeeper - JMS, ActiveMQ, Camel - PostgreSQL, YAML, Hibernate - Freemarker Templates (FTLs) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Animation / Gaming Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:IT/Networking-Manager Keyskills Spring Hibernate Java JMS Maven Rest Postgresql Scrum GIT Camel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Walker Digital Table Systems Walker Digital Table Systems innovates and develops products for the Asian gaming market including the RFID-enabled Perfect Pay networked table system. Perfect Pay is capable of tracking hand outcomes, wagers, payouts and player ratings in real time while delivering the player's preferred live gaming experience featuring physical chips, physical cards and a dealer. With Perfect Pay, casinos can dramatically increase game security and dealer accuracy while minimizing losses from human error, collusion and theft. Other products include Elite Baccarat's(tm) exciting and profitable bets as well as mobile and multi-person gaming solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details