TITLE: Area Sales Manager - General Trade - Seasoning & Flavour Business

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job profile: ROLE OBJECTIVE : To support and direct the sales efforts for the Seasonings and flavours businesses through the distribution route, to drive market expansion in a particular geography and achieve organizational objectives DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES; Financial Responsibility: - Responsible for accomplishment of sales and revenue targets in the Geography through Distributors - Appointing and managing Distributors in the given Geography - Create and Maintain strong pipeline to ensure future wins and keep the sales momentum going - Ensure payments are collected within contracted time frames - Provide market insights and inputs to the National Sales Manager/Category heads for the AOP (Annual Operating Plan) and the budgets for the category - Prepare overall sales strategy plans for the geography along with the ASM - Region and National Sales Head to meet revenue targets Customer Responsibility (Internal and External) : - Proactively engage with both current and potential customers through regular face to face contacts and expand the footprint and relationships with multiple stakeholders in each customer organisation - Ensure that the customer commitments are serviced to their satisfaction (In terms of Quality, quantity and timeliness). Resolve issues proactively and promptly - Provide market intelligence data on trends, competitors and other activities to the category head and business. - Ensure all statutory forms including the C & H Forms are collected within the defined time frames. People Responsibility: None Process Improvement: - Focus on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the selling process - Focus on identifying new customer segments KEY INTERACTIONS Internal: 1. Sales Head 2. Category Managers 3. NPRD 4. Marketing 5. Finance/ accounts 6. Commercial/ Purchase staff External: 1. Key Customers 2. Transporters TYPICAL QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE: Qualification: - Graduate/ Post Graduate, from an University of repute - MBA, with specialization in Marketing/ Finance preferred but not mandatory Experience: - 3-4+years of experience, in the FMCG/ Food sector. Experience of handling distribution business and distributors Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Area Sales Management Marketing ASM General Trade Distribution Management Distributor Handling Market Expansion Sales Strategy Market Intelligence National Sales Area Sales Manager Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Havoc Consultants Pvt. Ltd Leading client of Havoc Consultants Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details