TITLE: Senior Systems Administrator at Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SA tech is hiring for Senior Systems Administrator at Bangalore SA Tech Pvt. Ltd. is the Indian business division of the California-based SA Technologies Inc. SA Tech is a preferred technology partner to industry leaders in North America, Singapore and India. We provide comprehensive IT consulting services to our clients many of which are Fortune-Ranked companies based in US & India. With over 10 years of experience, more than 850+ employees and 8 offices across the globe, SA Tech is one of the fastest growing technology consulting companies that you can join with confidence to boost your IT career.Â url: www.satincorp.comÂ We felt this opportunity might be a great fit given your experience & skill sets in this domain. Kindly review and revert at the earliest with the details requested in the email.Â Position: Senior Systems AdministratorÂ Experience: 5-10 yearsÂ Location: Bangalore, IndiaÂ Job Type: Fulltime/Permanent with SA TechÂ Client: Product based MNCÂ Start date: Immediate-30 daysÂ Job description - Senior Systems Administrator T echnical SkillsÂ Sr. Systems Engineer position requires cross platform knowledge with experience in more than of the technology from Cisco, EMC, Dell, VMware and Microsoft products supporting Compute, Network, Storage and virtualization platform. Candidate with Strong experience in Microsoft platform along with the hardware infrastructure / virtualization experience is preferred.Â * Servers / Converged Infrastructure platforms (Cisco UCS/ VCE/ Dell / HP)Â * Virtualization (VMware/ Microsoft)Â * Data Protection & Archival (familiar with backup application used in virtualized environment)Â * Administration and Deployment experience of:Â o Active Directory, Group policy, DNS,DHCP of Windows 2003/2008 server o Microsoft failover Cluster (SQL, Fileserver, DHCP)Â o Manages configurations of windows OS, IIS, WSUS, and other applications.Â o Experience in deployment and configuration of Anti-virus software applicationsÂ o Documenting configurations via Microsoft Visio and Word KINDLY SEND THESE DETAILS ALONG WITH LATEST RESUME in Word format.Â Contact info:Â Current location:Â Total years of experience:Â Relevant years of experience:Â Current CTC:Â Expectation CTC:Â Notice period:Â Thanks & Regards, Sridhar Rathod | SA Tech Software (I) Pvt. Ltd Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills UCS VCE Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SA Technologies SA Technologies, located in Santa Clara - California, is a growing Software Development and IT consulting firm. Our services help clients solve complex business and IT challenges and help achieve business results through the efficient and practical use of seasoned consultants. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details