TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile Onicra Credit Rating Agency is one of the leading Credit and Performance Rating agencies in India. It provides ratings, risk assessment and analytical solutions to Individuals, MSMEs and Corporates. Third party credit and performance rating and assessment helps to create trust between players in markets that underpins transactions. ONICRA plays a central and critical role in collecting and analyzing a variety of financial, operational, industry and market information, synthesizing that information, and providing autonomous, reliable assessments of the entity, thereby providing stakeholders with an important input into their decision making process. To realize our goal we have committed ourselves to providing the stakeholders with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit and performance opinions. The foundation of that dedication is embedded in several core principles objectivity, quality, independence, integrity and transparency. Healthcare Business Drright.com Drriight.com is an online initiative of ONICRA Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. It is an online platform that provides listing of doctors in India. It helps patients find Onicra Verified Doctors & Graded Clinics; check the doctors real-time availability and instantly book an appointment. DrRiight presents the easiest way to find the RIIGHT doctors. Consumers are empowered through use of DrRiight objective information about patient satisfaction, safety, and health conditions to make more informed healthcare decisions. We are also providing a cloud based practice Management Software solution to the doctors that offer patient appointment scheduling, record management and billing. It acts as a single store house of all clinic information that can be viewed and analyzed when required. Key Responsibilities: Requirement gathering and documentation Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Work with outside data sources and API's Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Skills required: Technologies: Microsoft .NET technologies including, ASP.NET, ADO.NET Android Strong OO design and programming skills in Java (J2EE/ J2ME) Familiar with the Android SDK Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL or similar database management system Familiar with Eclipse Basic Skills required: Understanding of other compiled languages Experience on web service integration (SOAP, REST, JSON, XML) Experience of development using web technologies Good understanding of OO programming and design patterns Good understanding of HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and PHP Experience building web and native apps Experience using social media APIs Ads integration using a 3rd party ad server (DART) Using version control (e.g. SVN) Excellent debugging and optimisation skills Minimum Educational Qualifications: B.Tech /MCA Experience required: 3+ Years Salary:INR Negotiable Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Javascript J2Me Ajax JQuery MySQL PHP JSON ADO.Net SQLite Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. Onicra Credit Rating Agency is a path breaking innovative organization that analyzes data and provides rating solutions for Individuals and Small and Medium Enterprises(SMEs). This rating enables the lender or service provider to take a valued judgment on the Individual or SME based on its Financial, Background and Productivity analysis. Onicra facilitates over 200,000 transactions per day through a single window clearance on a national basis in the Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Health, Education and Automobile sectors. Over the years, Onicra has developed a long list of esteemed clients. This includes some of India Inc's top 100 companies: Mahindra &amp;amp;amp; Mahindra, Reliance, Volkswagen, HDFC and Genpact. Onicra has been acknowledged as pioneers in the field of credit rating by the Ministry of Finance in the Economic Survey (1993-1994). It is also recognized and empanelled by the likes of NSIC (National Small Industries Corporation) for SSI (Small Scale Industry) assessment. Our rating has also been accepted by the IBA(Indian Banks Association). We deliver services from a national network of 150 operation centers. Our integrated network also comprises of 4000 FOS (Fleet on Street) personnel located at various strategic locations nationwide. Our presence in 400 locations coupled with multilingual capabilities lends us a competitive advantage to manage complex processes in multiple geographic regions. The operations architecture allows for business and services to be conducted in the lowest turnaround time using our revolutionary PRTS (Performance Rating &amp;amp;amp; Tracking System) technology. Operations not only run round the clock but also meet customer needs for proximity, language and cultural compatibility without hampering productivity. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details