TITLE: Urgent Opening for Sybase Administrator For Gurgaon Location

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Title- Sybase Administrator Experience- 4-5 years Location- Gurgaon We have a opening with a US based MNC. Job Description: Database administration and operations with primary skills required in Sybase IQ along with significant exposure to Sybase ASE environments. The ability to work in Oracle and Microsoft SQL environments is a plus; the successful candidate will be required to expand their skills into the secondary skill set areas. Skilled in configuration, troubleshooting, performance tuning and management of database systems along with supporting users and infrastructure teams with advanced configuration issues, coding suggestions and troubleshooting in a Sybase DB and Oracle DB environment. The position requires a process oriented person capable of developing and following documentation and procedures. Responsibilities: Database Design Data Archival Database Development and maintenance Database Infrastructure and Operations Other Data Engineering Services Database Architecture Information Modeling Data Profiling Data Migration Support Sybase databases in high availability UNIX environments with thorough knowledge of IBM AIX platforms, specifically in an LPAR environment Design, implement and maintain all functions of database systems, including access, methods and time, device allocations, validation checks, organization, security, documentation and statistical methodology Assist in design, test, implementation, maintenance and control of physical and relational databases Evaluate, test and produce recommendations for the selection, user and deployment of DBMS software, data management tools and utilities, data warehouse and replication tools Support problem resolution; consult and advise in application design and tuning; plan, organize and execute product benchmarks for threshold and functionality Provide data administration support of the development and maintenance of production and non-production database environments for distributed applications Database administration and operations with primary skills required in Sybase IQ environments including a multiplex environment . Required Skill Sets: Minimum 4 years of experience with Sybase IQ. Ability to work in Sybase ASE (strong preference). Oracle and Microsoft SQL environments is a plus. Skilled in configuration, troubleshooting, performance tuning and management of database systems along with supporting users and infrastructure teams with advanced configuration issues, coding suggestions and troubleshooting in a Sybase IQ environment. Process oriented and able to develop and follow documentation related to the required work. Candidates need to be advanced in Sybase Adaptive Server and Sybase Administration. Fundamental proficiency in Sybase ASE, Oracle DB/ RAC and MS SQL Server.Â Interested candidate can share profile on asra@vanassociates.com or give a call on 01204305948 Kindly do not change the subject line. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills Aix Oracle Unix MS SQL Server Sybase ASE Sybase IQ Database Architecture Database Administration RAC Performance Tuning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vanguard HR Associates Its a US based MNC. a service providing company into financial domain Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details