TITLE: Immediate Opening-software Development with Top BPO Mnc-gurgaon

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greetings from Ascent!!!!!! We are Looking for Automation position with one of the TOP MNC. Job profile: Designation : Software Database Development Â Experience : 3-10 Years Qualification: Expert knowledge on Database development tools like VB / VBA / Excel / SharePoint / SQL Server / Access. Professional/Academic IT qualification. Skills Required: 1. Supporting the Global Users of Health Adjudication systems with in-house developed programs on a 24/7 basis, which includes: troubleshooting user issues, user guidance and knowledge sharing in order to optimize the user experience of the systems concerned. The first priority will always be the support to production environment so that Production, Accuracy & TAT adherence can be maximized. 2. Independently manage multiple projects of varying complexities, ensuring top notch quality and timeline adherence. Act as super PL on various projects aiding strategic decision making for our blue chip client base 3. Help teams organize, manage, and analyze client data. Carry out logical, accuracy and consistency checks on data, and identify the right approach, methodology, technique to answer various client questions, using spreadsheets, statistical software and RDBMS packages like SAS, SQL Server, MS Access, MS Excel, etc. 4. Guide team members on understanding client objectives better and translate the business questions into an analytical plan with associated priorities and constraints 5. Be a part of deliverable discussions with clients over telephonic calls, and guide the project team on the next steps and way forward Location : Gurgaon One who can takeup interview on this Friday, 6th May , Â are welcomed Joining date : 10-30 days Please Share your Resume with recent Photograph & below Details: Total work Experience: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: If not interested with this opening. Kindly share with your Friends who are in similar profile & some references. E-Mail ID: staffing2@ascent-online.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills VB VBA visual basic Excel SharePoint SQL Server Access Visual Studio Software Database Database development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Other Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASCENT STAFFING SOLUTIONS PVT LTD Guragon Location www.ascent-online.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details