TITLE: System Administrator - Linux/red Hat/vmware

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Description : System Administrator/Source Code/Release Engineer - You take pride in your work and have a passion for what you do. - You are eager to work in a fast paced and exciting SW development organization. - You can talk eloquently on a range of topics due to your experiences working with various technologies in and outside of full time employment. - For you it's more than a job. - This is an exciting opportunity for a self-motivated and energetic candidate to work supporting a professional software development organization, and acquire insight into the gaming industry. - This position requires a creative and motivated individual with advanced knowledge of computer operating systems, storage, networking, and Source Control tools/systems. Specifically, an individual in this role will : - Have 5+ years Linux system administration experience - Install and maintain RedHat and CentOS servers and server software. -Manage version control, build and deployment tools -Make recommendations for improved system performance and parameter tuning. - Research, install, and maintain various virtualization platforms, including but not limited to RHEV, VMWare, and KVM. - Provide backup and disaster recovery support and procedures - Write technical documentation and user documentation. - Understand and support Cisco networking environment - Support SAN and NAS storage environment such as NetApp, Qnap, Gluster. The individual in this role should have mastery of : - Linux system administration and deployment, especially RedHat and CentOS - Version control, build, deployment and continuous integration tools - Hardware and software maintenance procedures - Cisco Networking - Shell or Perl scripting and process automation - Root-cause analysis and problem resolution - Supporting product deployments - Documentation - Performance tuning The individual in this role should be proficient in : - Windows systems administration - Multitasking - Working in a DevOps culture. - Working with remote teams Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Animation / Gaming Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Redhat Linux Centos Build Windows KVM Cisco Networking Linux System Administration Perl VMware Netapp systems administration Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Walker Digital Table Systems Walker Digital Table Systems innovates and develops products for the Asian gaming market including the RFID-enabled Perfect Pay networked table system. Perfect Pay is capable of tracking hand outcomes, wagers, payouts and player ratings in real time while delivering the player's preferred live gaming experience featuring physical chips, physical cards and a dealer. With Perfect Pay, casinos can dramatically increase game security and dealer accuracy while minimizing losses from human error, collusion and theft. Other products include Elite Baccarat's(tm) exciting and profitable bets as well as mobile and multi-person gaming solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details