TITLE: Sales Manager - Tied Agency Channel

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position : Sales Manager Department : TIED ChannelÂ Job Description: Building Agency - Identify and recruit potential advisors (Ex: House wife, retired person, students, any family members etc) who are highly productive and in accordance with the business plan within stipulated timeframe. Driving Sales - Achieve expected sales target on a consistent basis through own team of advisors. Manage team performance and productivity - Continuously review performance and improve productivity of the team. Leadership - Provide leadership and management to the team of Advisors. Mentoring and Training - Provide training and monitor developmental needs of advisors in the team, provide feedback on advisors" performance. Involves attending sales calls (outside the office) Eligibility Criteria * Should be a Graduate * Age criteria: 25 to 40 years * Two wheeler is mandatory. * Good Communication skills Interested & suitable candidates may reply back to the mail or call 9945544952 Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A. + Incentives Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills sales manager sales executive sales officer marketing manager agency channel business development manager Insurance Sales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Exide Life Insurance Company Limited About Exide: Exide Life Insurance Company Limited, an established and profitable life insurance company, commenced operations in 2001-02 and is head quartered in Bengaluru. The company is 100% owned by Exide Industries Limited. The company serves over 15 lakh customers and manages assets of over over INR 9500 Crores. During the financial year 2015-16, the company achieved total Premium Income of over INR 2000 crores. Exide Life Insurance distributes its products through multi-channels viz. Agency, Banc assurance, Corporate Agency & Broking as well as Direct Channels. The Agency channel comprises of 50,000 advisors who are attached to over 200 company offices across the country. The company also offers group life insurance solutions. The company is focused on providing long term protection and savings solution plans and has a strong traditional product portfolio with a consistent bonus track record. The company has ISO 9001:2008 quality certification for all Customer Service processes. Our Values: ---------------- * Dependable: We are trustworthy and do what we say. * Dynamic: We are active and strive for constant improvement. * Responsive: We are quick to respond with a caring attitude. * Foresighted: We focus on the long term with a prudent view of the future. For more details please logon to http://www.exidelife.in/ ------------------ -------------------------------- -------------------- Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details