TITLE: Android Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Be a part of new, young and highly passionate team of Android Developers. Lead modules and be responsible for timely delivery and software quality. Building nest in industry applications for Android Ice-cream sandwich, JellyBean, KitKat, Lollipop and Marshmallow support. Design and code for scalable applications that support a big user base. Work with an Agile trained team of motivated individuals that plan and work in iteration. Â Coordinate with technology teams that support REST, JSON based services for Android Apps. Continues focus on Unit testing, reviews and documentation. Take initiative to upgrade your skills and try new technology trends and sharing the same with the team. Key Responsibilities: Strong OOP's design and hand-on programming skills in JAVA . Preferable should have worked on end user facing applications like retail, e-commerce. Good analytical skills and problem solving ability. Passionate about technology and detail driven. Good team player and good communication skills.Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Rest JSON Android java Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rare Media Company Pvt. Ltd. We're a Delhi based tech startup that specialises in field force automation and data analytics. We create software solutions that help make the lives of field employees easier. We recently raised $1.1Million in funding (INR 7.4 crores) from Info Edge, the organisation behind well-known web portals such as naukri.com, 99acres.com and jeevansathi.com. Our flagship product is the Blue Dolphin Application and Web Platform, which has been customized for use in the Field Verification and Data Collection, Logistics, Field attendance and Salesforce tracking verticals. Every Blue Dolphin deployment includes Agastya, a business intelligence and data analytics engine that uses dynamic visualizations to provide clients with key insights into field force efficiency and target areas for improvement. To know more, please visit www.raremediacompany.in. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details