TITLE: Japanese Interpreter

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate must have a good grasp over Japanese language. They should be good in speaking, reading and writing Japanese. Role requires the candidate to translate/interpret information from Japanese to English and English to Japanese for teams in either country Candidate will be required to independently handle meetings, conferences, technical requests coming to IBM team operating out of India. Good understanding of IT vocabulary / Technical terms will be preferred Good Communication & Presentation skills desired Familiarity with MS office will be preferred. The candidate must be certified in Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT). Candidates with JLPT Level 1 to 3 will be eligible. Diploma in Japanese language/Graduate in Japanese/M.A in Japanese IBM is hiring both freshers as well as candidates with relevant experience for different positions. Freshers who have done BA will also be eligible with the above specs. Cab facility will be provided as per company policy Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Fresher / Trainee / Entry Level Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Translator Keyskills JLPT Japanese MA Ba English Presentation Skills MS Office Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ManpowerGroup Services India Private Limited ManpowerGroup is the world leader in innovative workforce solutions, connecting human potential to the power of business. ManpowerGroup serves both large and small organizations across all industry sectors through four main brands and offerings: ManpowerGroup Solutions, Experis, Manpower and Right Management. We operate a worldwide network of offices in 80 countries and territories. With global insight and local expertise, ManpowerGroup partners with clients to accelerate their business by providing the people and services that raise the quality, productivity and efficiency of their total workforce, including recruitment and assessment, training and development, workforce consulting, outsourcing and career management. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details