TITLE: Team Lead - IT Recruitments

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Involved in end to end recruitment life cycle in Contract and Permanent Staffing. Minimum last 3 years experience in contract staffing & 1 Year as a Team Lead. Should have good knowledge on IT Software Technologies. Detailed analysis of the JD - to understand the client's requirement thoroughly. Ensuring SLAs are met for providing the validated profiles Ensuring On-time Delivery for the requirements. Candidate Selection, offer negotiation and follow up with joining to ensure the on- boarding. Individual contribution targets. Worked with multiple clients. Good attitude, team player, target driven, career oriented and a quick learner Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Recruitment Permanent Staffing Contract Staffing Selection IT Team Leading Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good communication skillsWork Location Sector 44 Gurgaon Company Profile: Xtemping own company XecuteHR is a technology driven 'Human Capital Enhancement' organization founded in August 2009 with a focus on 'co-creating and co-evolving' People strategy and people services delivery in Organizations. We strive to achieve this goal of transforming organizations by leveraging the combined experience and expertise of our extraordinary team of HR people. Post our first assignment with a then newly formed JV between one of the country's leading telecom company and their European Managed services partner, where we successfully managed HR for 4000+ employees; in the last over two years now, we have successfully established ourselves in the other HR delivery and support verticals. Our current portfolio includes services in the areas of Recruitment Process Management, Onboarding management, HR Operations management, HR Shared Services, Strategic HR Consulting, Search & Selection and Temporary staffing. XiTE our in-house developed HR software supports delivery across all possible HR verticals including Recruitment, Onboarding, Employee database Management, Attendance & leave management, Payroll & Compliance management, Performance Management, Employee Query management and others. Highly customizable these modules offer click of a button convenience to the process manager as well as the end users (employees, managers and management) of any organization. XiTE also forms the base for our efficient and differentiated delivery across the service verticals. For more details please visit www.xecutehr.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details