TITLE: Content Writer / Sr.content Writer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this frogIdeas - Â Digital Marketing AgencyÂ Desired Skills Bachelor's degree in English, Journalism, Public Relations or related communications field. . Especially with focus on Digital content. The Content writer requires a combination marketing and publishing mindset, with the most important aspect being to think customer first. In essence, the CONTENTÂ Hands-on editorial skills. Outstanding command of the English (or primary customer) language. Skill at both long-form content creation and real-time (immediate) content creation and distribution strategies and tactics. A passion for new technology tools (aka, using the tools you preach about) and usage of those tools within your own blogs and social media outreach. Social DNA a must! Key Responsibilities Ultimately, the job of the Content Manager is to think like a publisher/journalist, leading the development of content initiatives in all forms to drive new and current business. This includes: Ensuring all content is on-brand, consistent in terms of style, quality and tone of voice, and optimized for search and user experience for all channels of content including online, social media, email, mobile, video, and in-person. The development of a functional content calendar throughout all the clients that we work with, and defining the owners in each vertical to particular persona groups. Be an arbiter of best practices in grammar, messaging, writing, and style. On the Spot OfferÂ Urgent JoiningÂ www.frogideas.com Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Copywriter Keyskills Public Relations Marketing Social Media Journalism Client Servicing Content Writing Blogs Content Creation Content Management User Experience Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FrogIdeas FrogIdeas is a multi-award winning digital agency, based in India. Their digital strategy and execution services is used by organisations such as HCL Technologies, InterGlobe, Nasscom amongst others. With a handpicked team of over 50 people, FrogIdeas was the most awarded agency in 2015, including being jury picked as the Agency of the Year in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details