TITLE: Solution Architecture - Energy & Utility, Noida/ Chennai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 10+ Overall experience in Energy & Utility domain with 3+ years of Experience as a Solutions Architectproviding Business solutions for Energy & Utility (Water, Gas, Electricity) area. Solutions and Capabilities Build inc. Products ETCDomain/SME or having rich experience in BPO/KPO space for Energy & Utility Solutions more on the Business Processes side a. Resource having experience in Energy & Utility (Water, Gas, Electricity) Should have good understanding of business, Information Technology and legal aspects involved in setting up such large businesses. Create scalable, sustainable & profitable solutions for clients. Develop innovative business models per specific client requirements - innovation around existing engagement & commercial models Supporting the preparation of RFI / RFP responses/Business Proposals & Financial Projections for clients to demonstrate potential outsourcing benefits based on a right-shore approach. This involves working with cross-functional teams such as Pricing, IT, BD, Legal, functional SMEs etc. Working with Transition & Operational teams to communicate Client expectations for service delivery post deal closure. Responsible for the identifying & developing New Business Partners Marketing / Sales Planning, strategy, lead analysis and support to multi-geo sales operations Work with sales on building opportunity pipeline, sales leads and improving lead to closure ratio 2) Bid Management/Pre-sales & Solutions support Should have excellent Writing and Presentation skills Work experience in Banking or Financial services esp in BPO space with relevant prior experience of large deal solutions. Prepare proactive and reactive BFS offerings related Collaterals, presentations and help in Marketing activities Prior rich experience in Bid-Management / response to Proposals, RFI & RFPs, handle client visit (handle/anchor the same end to end). Working with Solutions, Transition & Operational teams to communicate Client expectations for service delivery post deal closure. Help in Research work Work with sales on building opportunity pipeline, sales leads and improving lead to closure ratio 2) Other skills 1. Highly customer centric 2. Has led large complex multi-geo, pre-sales, solutions and transitions experience across both front office and back office 3. Experience in leading large multi-locational teams 4. Ability to influence multiple stakeholders customers, operations, sales, support teams and to drive consensus to deliver outcomes on time 5. Strong understanding of the outsourcing/off shoring industry commands a strategic perspective 6. Should have worked in operations for a considerable time. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Solution Solution Architect Solution Sales RFI RFP BPO Solutions ERU Presales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ANRI SOLUTIONS HR SERVICES PVT LTD a leading BPO ANRI Solutions HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is a Delhi based leading employment expert, offering a full range of options to help businesses and individuals choose their way in the contemporary world of work. We employ large number of people every day through a network of our employees providing effective staffing for our esteemed clients. With employment opportunities in the public and private sector, on both permanent and temporary basis, we make it easy for people to find employment and for companies to find staff with the skills they need. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details