TITLE: Sales Officer

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developing business for the organization, identifying business opportunities/ revenue models and generating business plans to achieve the same and locating potential clients in targeted segments to secure profitable business. Efficiently providing services like sampling, colour combinations and ensuring sight delivery of products. Planning and conceptualizing various strategies to achieve business goals for sales and marketing and aiming towards the growth in business volumes as well as profitability in order to achieve the set targets. Analyzing latest marketing trends, tracking competitors activities and providing valuable inputs for fine tuning of sales & marketing strategies. Responsible for developing business opportunities and providing innovative solutions to meet client needs. Opening doors and building strong relationships with clients. Developing, motivating and educating the staff members on various operational matters and guiding them towards successful outcomes and attainment of business objectives. Formulating policies, exploring and monitoring market trends to identify fresh business opportunities and developing new as well as existent markets. Exploring competition information along with tracking and maximizing sales while identifying market share, gauze market dynamics and trends. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Chemicals / PetroChemical / Plastic / Rubber Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Marketing Business Development Business Generation Channel retail dealers Distributors Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Athena Consultancy Services Leading Paint manufacturing industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details