TITLE: Hiring for Technical Sales/technical Support call now 9266166884

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Contact Person:- Pooja Sharma Technical Support Associate/Sr. Solution engineerÂ Desire Skills Set: Tech OS Support Process. Strong in Communication and Tech knowledge. In depth knowledge of Windows 's and applications. In depth knowledge of Internet Connectivity modes and modules like wireless/wired internet connections, internet connections using router etc.. Software and Hardware knowledge in terms of common issues and resolutions like Virus, System Slow issues. Printers and other peripherals along with Laptop and Desktops. Responsible Inbound technical call. Accountable for hard Core troubleshooting. Responsible for remote access, system sharing, ISP troubleshooting . Accountable for technical customer service. Criteria : Minimum 6 months of experience in Technical Support or B.tech fresher with good technical knowlegde with good communication skill. Salary Slab :- 1.90 CTC to 3.00 CTC Technical Sales Associate/ Sr. Sales Associate Desire Skills Set: Understanding and Creating (as and when required) the need of the product for new / prospective customers through gaining confidence and sales. Ability to understand/comprehend the customer's requirements and action accordingly. Emphasizing on key words, handling objections and using product/service benefits to respond to customers queries. Accurately capturing required customer details (as and when required with prior approval). Handling irate/demanding customers - where necessary, in a tactical manner. Should have sound knowledge of latest/upcoming products/processes services. Responsible Inbound technical call. Responsible for remote access Understanding the QueriesÂ Explaining the plan Criteria : 10 + 2 with good communication skill. Salary Slab :- 1.90 CTC to 3.00 CTC (Incentives) Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Extra perks + Unlimited incentive Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(Technical) Keyskills Technical Support Customer Support Troubleshooting sales sales executive technical support sales fresher international bpo Night Shift Selling US Shift upselling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Saburi TLC Worldwide Services Pvt. Ltd. Techliveconnect was founded in November 2011 with a team of thirty. In no time, Techliveconnect has grown to a workforce of over 1000 FTEs and is looking to grow even bigger by the end of this year. With locations in San Diego, CA, Singapore & India; Techliveconnect (TLC) is amongst the top 10 fastest growing technical support companies across the globe with more than 300,000 satisfied customers spread across US, UK, Australia & Canada. Through a decade of strong leadership expertise, TLC"s commitment to quality has delivered outstanding technical support service all over the verticals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details