TITLE: Hiring Senior Executive - Customer Services for Franklin Templeton

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Current Open Position :- Job Duties/ Responsibilities:- Â Perform branch operations functions such as receiving investor applications, time stamping, NIGO checking, sending relevant documents to the back office,generating required reports. Provide prompt and accurate information to customers about FT products and schemes, load structures and documentation procedures. Demonstrate highest levels of quality service in attending to customers. Effectively handling any grievances/complaints that may arise. Attend to branch walk in customers and to investor calls via telephone. Coordinate with the branch operations team to follow up customer queries. Ensure that branch functions are carried out on behalf of customers. Handle difficult investors and complaints to ensure service standards are met under all circumstances. Generate proper MIS on the activities of the branches, so that the management team is informed of both the achievements and the requirements. Interested candidate kindly ApplyÂ here. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 4,25,000 P.A Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes Role:CRM/Customer Service Executive Keyskills Branch Operations Service Quality Back Office Grievance Handling Asset Management Customer Relationship Management Customer Handling Customer Acquisition Customer Retention Customer Calling Branch Banking Branch Handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements :-Any degree holder.Minimum 3 years experience in a customer service role.Experience in customer services in a supervisory / managerial capacity from the financial services industry.Knowledge of the Indian mutual funds industry and regulations involved. Should possess strong verbal and written communication skills.Strong attention to detail and quality.Problem solving and analytical skills. Company Profile: Franklin Templeton Asset Management India Pvt. Franklin Templeton Investments is a top global investment management organization committed to offering high quality products and providing outstanding service to our customers. We are one of the largest financial services groups in the world based at San Mateo, California USA. We as a group have US$ 647.0 billion in assets under management globally (as of November 30, 2007). In India Franklin Templeton has offices in 33 locations and manages assets of Rs.32041.84 crores for over 24 lakh investors as of October 31, 2007. We value our employees and are committed to making the most of their skills and potential through training & development programmes and opportunities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details