TITLE: Lead- Operations - Start up

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description HealthSetGo is a funded, high growth startup in the field of healthcare. Working with schools we aim to implement an organised healthcare environment, hence impacting the lives of thousands of children. Requirements Take care of all operational requirements of the business which include : Implementing The School Health Program in schools Pan India including medical checkups and health sessions. Liasoning with Hospitals and Doctors Pan India for Business Development and Coordination. Executing HealthSetGo's strategic tie ups and further product plans Pan India. Managing and Coordinating with Pan India Operational Teams on ground. Reporting and Business Analysis Of The Vertical. Training and Quality Assessment of Nationwide Operational team. Interacting with Schools for Business Development and Coordination. Establish SOP's Establish quality assurance processes. Mandatory Requirements Should be willing to devote as much time as required by the organisation for work. Entrepreneurial mindset to achieve. Excellent communication and writing skills. Leadership Potential Analytical Skills Keen business acumen and a team player who is open to being a member of a high performance management team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Team Leader -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Training Strategy Medical Business Analysis Business Development Performance Management Quality Assurance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Personal Attributes Young Leader or Innovator who has experience and have ability to take up leadership role. Vision to build and innovate exciting technology product on various platform As this is a startup, should be willing to multitask if required to get the work done. Should like to travel. Preferably into health in personal life. Ability to have effective two-way communication with management and development team. Should be flexible working with small teams. Open to domestic /inter state if required Preferably from startup organizationsWe're looking for people with high potential who want to assume a leadership role a startup organisation with growth potential. Company Profile: HealthSetGo HealthSetGo is India's pioneering health solutions company with a vision to empower individuals and ecosystems with healthy practices so it leads to a healthier nation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details