TITLE: Community Manager - Startup

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description PosterGully.com (Merchbay Products Pvt. Ltd.) is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. Were a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dcor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. As the Community Manager you will have the goal of ensuring the PosterGully community of artists & designers evolves rapidly in a healthy and productive way; is welcoming to new contributors and aligned to the Companys growth objectives. Specifically you will: Act as an advocate of the company in the design community On board designers via various channels identified Monitor effective benchmarks for measuring the health and growth of the community and analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of new initiatives Work directly with artists through collaboration and editorial projects Stay up to date on new social media tools and best practices and ensure they are integrated as appropriate with the community Lead the evolution of the community guidelines to keep them in tune with the needs of the Company and best practice Coordinate and execute cross-team marketing initiatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Social Media Marketing Manager Keyskills Community Manager marketing project management customer service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills and ExperienceYou have hands-on experience and understands the dynamics of building, growing and shepherding Internet based societies. Ideally, you have 1-3 years experience working at execution level with large community/social network site with a large amount of user generated content. You have dealt with all the complex issues associated with the evolution of the community.Specific skills you will have developed include: Fantastic interpersonal skills, showing creativity, diplomacy and coolness under pressure In-depth knowledge and understanding of online community platforms Knowledge of online creative or user generated content Ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format Ability to build and maintain relationships Confidence to take the lead and guide other departments when necessary Strong project management and organisational skills Good technical understanding and can pick up new tools quickly Good knowledge of principles of customer serviceWhy join us? Opportunity to work in a dynamic fast growing start-up wanting to grow even faster! Competitive salary based on the profile and years of experience. Work on a killer business idea with a fantastic team with a spirit of fun and mischief! Immense learning and growth opportunities in small, multi-functional, tightly-knit teams of smart folks Flexible hours & work environment Your work is appreciated by thousands of users daily No dress code: wear shorts, sandals or whatever Free company sponsored lunch, regular parties and beer! Company Profile: PosterGully.com PosterGully.com is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. We're a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dÃƒÂ©cor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Working on a 'Just in Time' model with no investment from the artists, it handles the technology, support as well as complete fulfillment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details