TITLE: Digital Marketing Manager - Startup

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Detailed Responsibilities Defining the company's overall marketing and brand strategy, optimizing the use of best platforms, content, audience and timing to gain maximum traction. Planning and Preparing all marketing collateral - for clients and other stakeholders. Liaising with design companies as and when required. Documenting all projects and case studies to serve as references for future clients and business growth Developing and executing an overall communication and PR strategy, including getting articles into major media outlets, raising presence at trade-shows and events, and other activities Managing online presence, including maintaining and updating the website, increasing presence on social media, and working with any digital agencies (e.g. SEO and online marketing) Support of ongoing business development, including lead generation through various platforms, and activities. Building and managing a team of marketing and PR professionals, external agencies and contractors as needed over time. Digital Strategy : Strategy formulation, business modeling, customer segmentation and profiling, user research. Online Advertising : Search Marketing (SEM / SEO), digital media planning & buying. Social Media : engagement with influencers, paid social ads, tracking a brand's presence online. Performance Marketing : e-mailer marketing, SMS based marketing, lead generation activities-commerce - channel management, analytics, reporting & optimization. Project Management : Complete project management for all digital projects being handled. Including web dev & ad-hoc projects. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Social Media Marketing Manager Keyskills Search Marketing Business Development Digital Marketing Online Marketing SEO Online Advertising Lead Generation Channel Management SEM Social Media Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Does this sound like you-Strong strategy, research, analysis skills and intrinsic business acumen. Data driven and able to take a - test and learn- approach. A proactive go-getter who can work independently without requiring day-to-day guidance. Able to build relationships with customers / clients, partners, and other stakeholders. Ability to communicate data, insights, objectives, timelines, eye for detail and issues in a structured fashion. Exceptional written and oral communication and presentation skills. Advanced computer / web skills including Word / Excel / PowerPoint- Should be able to manage offline marketing events Should be able to manage other pilot channels (eg webinars etc.). Company Profile: Mettl Mettl is an online assessment platform to measure, analyze and improve people skills. It is ideal for companies looking to run multi-competency assessments for hiring, certification and training of existing employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details