TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Primary Skill Domain Application Infrastructure - OTHER Specify mandatory Skills ALSO SEE ATTACHED JOB DESCRIPTION We are not interested in developer roles! SAP Business Objects specific: o Working at least 4 years as product/ infrastructure specialist with SAP Business Objects (BI4 ) . o Server Architecture, Security, Designer, Desktop & Web Intelligence , Advanced Analysis, Dashboards, Crystal Reports, SAP BW Connectivity, Auditor, Migration, Report conversion. o Proficiency with UDT, Web Intelligence , Advanced Analysis, Dashboards, Lumira, Crystal Reports, Design Studio. o Experience with other SAP products like SAP BW, HANA are a plus. Knowledge on data warehouse design concept. Good knowledge of Sql language: Oracle, Sqlserver and Netezza. Strong understanding of business continuity and recovery processes and procedures. Ability and willingness to work effectively in a business-critical production, in a global, multi-cultural organization. Team play (1. ) Ability to organize and work effectively with technical tracks and agencies participating in this effort. Work with cross-functional teams to analyze requirements, identify solutions, plan / lead project transitions or migrations. Demonstrated leadership qualities such as supporting and guiding and managing the team, problem solving, conflict/ issue resolution; the ability to run a project or serve as project manager in a program and can ensure a successful project lifecycle/ delivery of program. Ability to communicate (verbally and in writing) effectively with the stakeholders both internal and external. Ability to manage and interact with geographically distributed teams and clients. Follow and recommend process and procedures, help in creating them where there is a need and drive them for execution. Ensure and develop relationship with all the related parties and stakeholders. Make sure the customers are highly satisfied with the quality and time of deliveries. Influence the internal teams such as HR, Procurement, Finance, administration etc. to timely deliver the project Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Domain Competencies - Bus. Process - Media Publishing & Ent. - Asset Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details