TITLE: Back Office Coordinator

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Only for female candidate, should be smart, intellectual, go getter Maintain and develop organizational culture, values and reputation in its markets and with all customers, suppliers, partners and regulatory/official bodies. To represent the company on a daily basis with all external/internal communication with the clients. To generate reports about the future & prospective clients & continuous follow up with the existing ones for more business and payments. Schedule Management, Records & ReportsÂ Checking and timely submission of daily/ periodic reports. Efficient and smooth operation of MD's office. Assisting the Director in day to day office work. Receive, direct and relay telephone messages and fax messages. Keeping record of all the important calls, emails & faxes and coordinate with them Accordingly. Communicating with Regular clients for new developments. You will be responsible for handling Clients, Vendors and provide customer service. Handling customer calls / emails, sending solutions to clients . Preparing and editing correspondence, reports and presentations. Maintain office records e.g. customer complaints, Sales, purchase Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Best in the Industry Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Keyskills Operations Management Customer Service Client Handling Customer Complaints Internal Communication Office Assistance back office operations branch operations coordinator office coordinator Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Must be having a strong communication skillsMust be good in ExcelMust be having a good typing speedShe must possess good personality Company Profile: STAR ELECTRICALS(INDIA) The Warmex began operations in 1969 by setting up a manufacturing unit under the name "STAR ELECTRICALS (INDIA)". The word Warmex on the products is more than a logo, it is the trust mark of a quality product being delivered to consumers since last four decades. Today Warmex is acknowledged as a technology innovator, a trend-setter in style, and a pioneer in home appliance convergence, providing customers with exceptional value and convenience. Warmex has brought new lifestyle choices to the home with a series of World class products that has fascination, charm, elegance and ultimate perfection of performance. Trendy, digital convergence, health -conscious, easy to use and eco-friendly features are major traits of Warmex Home Appliances. With more than 40 Decades of expertise in the home appliance industry, Warmex is setting new standards for home appliance innovation, style, and convergence to enhance people's everyday lives. Discover Warmex World class Home Appliances through pan India distribution and after-sales service network and join the family of Millions of satisfied customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details