TITLE: Urgent Opening for Sr.software Engineer (SQL Server)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greeting of the Day!!! We have an urgent opening for Sr. Software Engineer (SQL Server) for our Noida Location. Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer (SQL Server) Experience: 4-7 yrs. Salary: Open Job Location: Sector- 58, Noida Shift Timings: 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM (Mon-Fri), Sat & Sun are fixed off. Free Pick & Drop from Metro Station (Shuttle Service) Job Description: Roles & Responsibilities: Designs and develops new features and/or maintains existing applications developed on ASP.NET Develops code and supporting documentation Works in a team environment to develop, test and deploy software changes Works with clients to understand and implement new requirements Provides operational support when necessary Works the product backlog of features and bugs Provides input on new designs and architecture as needed Develops a well-tested, high performance, scalable web application Stays current on new technologies and best practices Required Skills:- Must have an overall experience of 4-7 Years in IT Industry in Microsoft .NET Must have worked on .NET 3.5/4.0/4.5 with C# Must have worked on ADO.NET and SQL Server Should be able to translate High Level Design into Low level design Should have experience of coding, testing and implementing solutions in a .NET environment. Must be hands on in his current role. Thanks & Regards, Amit Gautam Executive - Resourcing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ADO.Net ASP.Net C# SQL Server .Net Web Application Web Technologies High Level Design Software Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Compunnel Technology India Private Limited Compunnel Technology India Private Limited Compunnel is one of the most dynamic, innovative and rapidly growing IT organizations in India. Headquartered in USA, the company commenced its operations in 1989. We have grown to strength of more than 700+ professionals with turnover pegged at USD 65 million. The company is an integrated and a pioneering one-stop solutions shop for the entire gamut of e-business services. The company has broadened its horizons in offering services as Cloud Service Provider, e-learning provider, knowledge engineering, IT- staffing augmentation, enterprise solutions, and application solutions. Compunnel offers a professional work environment that fosters teamwork, innovation and intellectual focus on quality and customer satisfaction. For more information, please visit us at; www.compunnel.com or www.infoprolearning.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details