TITLE: Member Technical Staff-wire Harness/cable Harness/technicians

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description for Member Technical - Wire Harness & Fabrication Position Introduction: Rossell Techsys is the Aerospace and Defence (A&D) Division of Rossell India Limited (www.rossellindia.com). Rossell Techsys is based out of the technology hub of India - Bangalore.Rossell Techsys employs a little under 100 staff members and has aggressive growth plans to meet the emerging challenges of the Indian Aerospace and Defence Industry, including potential offset business in India. Rossell Techsys has four core competency areas - Custom embedded systems product development, Test solution design and development including test jigs, rigs, and simulators, Wire harness engineering & looming and Product Support Services. Rossell Techsys is AS9100 Rev C and IS0 9001, 14001(EMS), 27001(ISMS) certified organisation. Rossell Techsys is a CEMILAC approved design house. Positions: This position is for Member - Staff level as an individual contributor with 2 to 10 years of experience. Qualifications and Credentials: Candidates must be at least Diploma in Electronics and Electrical,with excellent academic credentials, from premier educational institutes. Given the kind of vision that Rossell TechSys has set for itself, candidates must not only be worthy professionals, but fundamentally, mature in all aspects of their personality, be able to work in an invigorating, team oriented, and global engineering environment. A belief of 'competing with one's own self' would be good to start with. Candidates with prior experience in aviation and defense domain would be given preference. Candidate who satisfies at least a part of the technical requirements and most of the personality requirements would be exciting candidates to meet with. Technical Requirements: Mandatory / Primary Skills Hands on experience in wiring harness fabrication with knowledge in various cable finishing tools and techniques such as crimp, solder, splicing, potting, sleeving, printing, Connectorisation, etc Knowledge of wire harness components and manufacturing process used in the cable industry is a must. Experience in Aircraft Looms and RF cables will be a plus. Knowledge on Wire Harness In process Inspection stages IPC/WHMA-620 A trained candidate will be a huge plus. Must have worked in an ISO 9001-2008 QMS environment. Experience with AS9100B will be a huge plus. As at this time, we are not working in shifts, however, over time, this position entails working in shifts. Secondary Skills Domain skills in the Aviation and Defense sector. Mechanical CAD design experience will be a huge plus. A fearless attitude to engineering related work. Yet having the good use of common sense and knowing when to take the risk and when not to. Personality Requirements: Candidate must have good communication skills Must have a positive attitude and display maturity in understanding that organizational goals and objectives take precedence to individual goals and objectives. Compensation: Selected Candidates shall be offered benchmark compensation packages and rewards for high performance. Joining Time: Selected Candidates are expected to join within 2 to 4 weeks. References: Selected Candidates will be required to provide a minimum of 2 references on employment. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Aviation / Aerospace Firms Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Workman/Foreman/Technician Keyskills WIRE HARNESS CRIMPING SOLDERING SLPICING technician potting sleeving cable harness wiring harness Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Company Profile: Agile HR consultancy Pvt. Ltd. Rossell Techsys, Bangalore. Introduction: Rossell Techsys is the Aerospace and Defence (A&D) Division of Rossell India Limited (www.rossellindia.com). Rossell Techsys is based out of the technology hub of India - Bangalore.Rossell Techsys employs a little under 100 staff members and has aggressive growth plans to meet the emerging challenges of the Indian Aerospace and Defence Industry, including potential offset business in India. Rossell Techsys has four core competency areas - Custom embedded systems product development, Test solution design and development including test jigs, rigs, and simulators, Wire harness engineering & looming and Product Support Services. Rossell Techsys is AS9100 Rev C and IS0 9001, 14001(EMS), 27001(ISMS) certified organisation. Rossell Techsys is a CEMILAC approved design house. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details