TITLE: Openings for Manager - Derivative Collateral Management

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, One of our leading IB Client in Gurgaon is looking for Manager Supervisor role who has good work experience in Derivative Collateral Management. Job Details: Designation: Manager (Sup.) Experience: 10 - 12 Years. Shift : 5:30 PM 2:30 AM Location : Gurgaon Qualification: Finance/accounting graduate or with advanced/professional qualification such as MBA, or equivalent Skill set: OTC Derivatives, Collateral Management Job Description: 1. Communication Skills: Ability to present complex issues/ideas to all levels of management in a highly professional and understandable manner. Good presentation and articulation skills are a must. 2. Leadership: Experience with mentoring staff to maintain continuity in key functions within the groups mandate as well as building and maintaining partnerships with key stakeholders. 3. Should be in a Team managerial role for atleast 5+ years and have experience of leading team of 25+ associates including people managers. 4. Software: advanced Excel and Access skills Interested Candidates, Please drop Your Cvs to gvn@people-prime.com. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Assistant Manager/Manager-(NonTechnical) Keyskills Derivatives Collateral Management OTC collateral Derivative collateral Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: People Prime Worldwide Pvt. Ltd. Leading Financial Company People Prime Worldwide is a Recruitment Consultancy offering expert services in the fields of Permanent Recruitment, Contract Staffing, Executive Search and Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO). Headquartered in Hyderabad, our footprint extends across India, the Middle East and South East Asia and across industries such as IT/ITES, BPO/KPO, BFSI, Pharmaceutical & Life Sciences, etc. As our name suggests, we believe that PEOPLE are prime, and therefore are the most important resource in any organization. It is because of this that we zealously approach our task of identifying the right talent. Using our expertise, deep market knowledge, and wealth of experience we are able to give our clients an edge wherever in the world they may be. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details