TITLE: Mainframe System Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, This is Yamin, Technical Recruiter with Collabera Inc. and this is in reference to your resume which was posted on one of the job portal. Please let me know of your interest and availability at this time to discuss the below job opportunity. Thank you! Position: Mainframe MVS System Programmer SME(Japanese bilingual) Work Location:Â Â Bangalore/Hyderabad, India Mainframe MVS z/OS systems programmer with 4 to 10 years of experience. Good experience of working with some of the widely used ISV products from BMC,CA, Compuware, SAS etc. Expert in installing/upgrading/migrating z/OS systems. Should have done these activities repeatedly in complex customer environments. Knowledge in customization of system exits using assembler. Expert in setting up Parallel sysplex and should have extensive knowledge handling issues related to sysplex. GDPS knowledge is a plus point. Applied knowledge in Hardware/config and migration activities. Â Â If you are not interested in the role or if now isnt a great time for a move, just let me know if I can help in the future or if you need assistance in making a connection. To know more about Collabera, please visit us on www.collabera.com.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Should you have any questions, feel free to call me on 9714475225 Salary:INR 6,50,000 - 16,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills MVS Z OS ZOS Z OS Mainframe System programmer Mainframe Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Collabera Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Established in 1991, Collabera is one of the fastest growing end-to-end information technology services and solutions companies globally. As a $440 million IT company, Collabera's client-centric business model, commitment to service excellence and Global Delivery Model enables its global 2000 and leading mid-market clients to succeed in an increasingly competitive marketplace. With over 6500 IT professionals globally, Collabera provides value-added onsite, offsite and offshore technology services and solutions to premier corporations. Over the past few years, Collabera has been awarded numerous accolades and Industry recognitions including. - Collabera listed in GS 100 - recognized for excellence and maturity - Collabera named among the Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses - Collabera listed in GS 100 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; ranked among top 10 service providers - Collabera was ranked: 32 in the Top 100 Large Businesses in the U.S 18 in Top 500 Diversity Owned Businesses in the U.S 3 in the Top 100 Diversity Owned Businesses in New Jersey 3 in the Top 100 Privately-held Businesses in New Jersey 66th on FinTech 100 35th among top private companies in New Jersey Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details