TITLE: Business Development Executive(b2b Corporate Sales) Delhi,bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Job Title: Business Development Executive Job Category: Corporate Department/Group: Sales Job Code/Req #: S/C/002 Location: Zone Based Travel Required: Daily - Local / Outstation Reporting Authority Sales Manager Position Type: Full Time Principal Accountabilities: 1. Meeting Month and Quarterly Sales target set by management 2. Managing Existing Corporate clients and become contact point between Modi Senator and end customer 3. Managing Sales order providing updated information to Channel partners 4. Aggressively drive existing Corporate partners to maximize sales though sales best practices, training and support distributor 5. Promote and communicate aggressively and tactfully existing and new products and service offerings 6. Working with Marketing team with new ideas and events to further extended the relationship with partners and to increase exiting sales 7. Providing daily working report to management and forecast of month sales 8. Working on methods to appoint new distributors in existing and near regions 9. Attending and participating Sales meet, exhibitions and trade shows 10. Preparing Sales presentation for management in sales meet and price quotations for clients 11. Defining and executing Corporate sales plan 12. Overall knowledge of Stock, Logistics and production departments Key Result Areas: 1) Achieve weekly & monthly Enquiry targets. 2) Achieve weekly & monthly marketing and sales targets. 3) Optimize costs of marketing. 4) Daily, weekly and monthly reporting as required. Qualification: Essential Graduation. Experience range minimum 1-3 yrs in Corporate Sales. Desired Working knowledge of MS Office. Good in making Interpersonal Relations Personality; Aggressive, confident, self-driven, results-oriented, positive outlook. Good coordinator among channel partners and Modi senator team Channel management knowledge Reliable and determined. Well presented and businesslike. Keen for new experience, responsibility and accountability. Additional Factors The incumbent will need to proactively seek opportunities to maximize business. Target Industries: PEN Industry (Parker / Camlin / Natraj / Montex / Cello / Reynolds) / FMCG / Retail Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 2,75,000 P.A Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Marketing Business Development Channel Management B2B B2B Marketing Corporate Selling cor Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Principal Accountabilities:1. Meeting Month and Quarterly Sales target set by management 2. Managing Existing Corporate clients and become contact point between Modi Senator and end customer3. Managing Sales order providing updated information to Channel partners 4. Aggressively drive existing Corporate partners to maximize sales though sales best practices, training and support distributor5. Promote and communicate aggressively and tactfully existing and new products and service offerings 6. Working with Marketing team with new ideas and events to further extended the relationship with partners and to increase exiting sales 7. Providing daily working report to management and forecast of month sales 8. Working on methods to appoint new distributors in existing and near regions 9. Attending and participating Sales meet, exhibitions and trade shows 10. Preparing Sales presentation for management in sales meet and price quotations for clients 11. Defining and executing Corporate sales plan 12. Overall knowledge of Stock, Logistics and production departments Company Profile: Modi Senator (India) Pvt. Ltd. Company Profile: Modi Senator (India) Pvt. Ltd. is dedicated for bringing world class writing instruments to India. The Company is a joint venture between one of India's oldest industrial conglomerates. The Modi Group-and Senator GmbH & Co.KGaA, of Germany, one of the world's largest writing instrument manufacturers. Together they bring to the Indian market products that dominate markets in over 100 countries including Germany, USA, France, Great Britain, Poland, Benelux and Russia. The company already has developed B2B business for its writing instruments and expects to grow the business substantially with the addition of retail thrust. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details