TITLE: GFS Associate II Treasury

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for daily P&L analysis for the underlying Treasury products which include Money Market, Fixed Income, FX & Interest Rate Derivatives. Responsibility includes daily FX open position reporting to Front Office and helping them to cover the open exposure. Responsible for Interest rate & FX hedge accounting. Responsibility includes working closely with Front Office to support new transactions. Daily Market risk reporting including PVO1, TLP curve and daily funding rate production. Responsibility in preparing and delivering source system reconciliations for legal entities. Responsible for delivery of a substantiated and accurate Balance Sheet & P&L. Responsible for ensuring adherence to all policies and procedures, outlined KPIs and all other compliances Provide input and support process improvements using LEAN techniques, ensuring BAU and development activities are the focus of continuous improvements Expected to break down complex problems into their core components and communicate the issues concisely. Establish and maintain good working relationships with colleagues in GFS India and Treasury Finance leveraging off best practice across the wider Finance family. Support in identification, resolving and providing solutions to issues arising from financials produced (for the division supported), using analytical and technical accounting skills. Awareness of changes to business requirements ensuring any impacts to outputs is sufficiently assessed and appropriate changes are implemented within required timescales. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Treasury Role:Back Office Executive Keyskills Derivatives Fixed Income Money Market FX Analysis Treasury Market Risk Front Office Balance Sheet Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Foundation Understanding and knowledge of the drivers of business performance. Competence Understanding of Treasury business and products an advantage. Treasury product and their technical accounting skills. Advanced Knowledge of Banking environment Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office, including strong Excel skillsExperience:Essential 4-6 years of relevant experience preferably in a product control or complex finance control space within a global bank. Knowledge of banking environment, treasury product and technical accounting knowledge, understanding of one or more of treasury work streams capital, liquidity, securitization, FX & Risk, term, asset liability management, liquidity reporting, treasury regulatory reporting Understanding of Banking business and products. Desirable Experience within a treasury environment Understanding and knowledge of the drivers of business performance. Good problem-solving skills, with proven ability to apply finance knowledge and experience to a diverse range of financial issues.Qualifications:EssentialCA/MBA Company Profile: RBS India Development Centre (P ) Ltd. The Royal Bank of Scotland Group is one of the world's leading international banking and financial services company, providing a wide range of customer services in the areas of retail, corporate banking, global banking, financial markets, consumer finance, insurance and wealth management, to over 40 million global customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details