TITLE: Sales Manager - Conventions Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Generate MICE / Convention business 2. Meet Guests and provide them with Convention Show round. 3. Discuss events and conferences 4. Generate events report on daily basis 5. Coordinate between departments involved. 6. Assist Guests in finalizing their Menu and events requirements. 7. Assist Guests during billing 8. Go on Sales calls to bind more corporate and business 9. Promote F & B Outlets and generate leads for Room Nights. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 8,50,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Banquet Sales Manager Sales Manager MICE Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, BHM - Hotel Management PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The Grand, New Delhi The Grand, New Delhi The Grand New Delhi is one of the city's most luxurious and finest five-star hotels. Well-equipped and luxurious with modern facilities and with its resort like feel having luscious greens, magnificent waterscapes, service par excellence, The Grand New Delhi, is the ideal home away from home for discerning business and leisure travelers. Delivering an extremely exclusive and personalized experience to each of its guests, it is the quintessential destination to relax, unwind and discover the city at your own pace. Ideally located, The Grand New Delhi, previously known as Grand Hyatt, is in close proximity to the best the city has to offer- luxury shopping malls such as DLF Emporio, DLF Promenade, Ambience mall; entertainment destinations, perfectly harmonizing city conveniences, diplomatic enclave, near the airport and elite corporate neighborhood, making it the preferred luxury five star hotel in New Delhi. Boasting of 390 elegantly designed rooms & suites; 8 distinctive dining and nightlife destinations; the much acclaimed Spa Oasis and salon, state of the art fitness centre, outdoor Swimming pool; over 30,000 square feet of meeting and event spaces at your disposal, combined with our experience and expertise in organizing banquets, weddings, meetings, and events, The Grand New Delhi offers an unforgettable experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details