TITLE: BFSI - Recruitment Specialist

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are hiring forÂ Recruitment Specialists - BFSIÂ Objective of the Job: 1.) End to End Recruitment experience in BFSI industry. 2.) Recruitment, Talent Acquisition, Head Hunting, Sourcing, screening, Mapping and Industry Research. 3.) Sourcing of candidates by initial screening, personal interviews / telephonic interviews. 4.) Understand and analyze overall Clients needs and requirements. (description, salary, expectations, etc) 5.) With use of various tools and innovative recruiting styles, review and present the screened candidates to the clients. 6.) Consistently meet the performance metrics as defined by the manager. 7.) Updating with the respective domain knowledge Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Recruitment Recruiter staffing Investment Banking BFSI corporate banking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Attributes Required in candidate : 1.)Strong written and oral communication skills. Particularly, the ability to interact credibly with professionals from all levels of an organization, both in person and on the telephone.2.) Highly organized, disciplined and a self-starter with an ability to prioritize multiple tasks and deliver deadlines with attention to detail. 3.) Resourcefulness: Ability to pick up new information about industries, people and be able to apply critical and independent thinking.4.) Should have strong networking skills & interpersonal skills.5.) Adaptability / Willingness to Learn.6.) Should have general knowledge and desire to learn.7.) Should have good presentation skills.8.) Perseverance: Go-getter attitude, with a proven ability to work hard with full integrity.9.) Should be well acquainted with MS Office including Excel. Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details