TITLE: National Sales Head - Lighting Industry

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Create and implement effective sales strategies and lead nationwide sales personnel toward achievement of company's sales objectives. Develop competencies and processes required to create an effective and efficient sales organization. Provide leadership through effective communication of vision, active coaching and development while comparing sales results to goals and taking appropriate action to correct when necessary. Provide sales management, budget control, compensation programs and incentive planning. Ensure effective hiring, orientation, training, development and retention of sales personnel Provide supervision through field visits, observations and measurement of results to include performance appraisals and salary reviews. Proactively identify changes in delivery systems, and competitive pressures to develop and modify strategies and tactics accordingly. Interacting with vast range of customer segment (Dealer & distributor network, Government, Institutional, Contractor, Architect, Contractors & Industrial Customers) to understand their need, satisfying them and extracting maximum business by giving best services and timely reply. Responsible for Product launch and positioning. Successfully conducting different BTL activities (seminars, primary and secondary schemes, branding etc) Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual sales forecasts Maintain competitive knowledge to create and adjust sales strategies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area: Top Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Sales Keyskills sales strategy project consumer institutional government distributor architect dealer industrial Business Development BD forecasting BTL LED lighting luminaries Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Strategic CapabilitiesÂ Retail focused, ability to increase Pan India distributionAchievement orientationExtensive travelProcess and compliance focusedRelationship BuildingÂ Ability to handle all facets of SalesÂ Company Profile: NTL Electronics India ltd. NTL Electronics India Limited, headquartered in Noida, Delhi NCR is the Rs.700 Crore lighting electronics major from India and one of the nation's largest player in the lighting electronics. NTL Electronics product range includes Electronic control gears, Electronic transformers, Electronic ballasts, Luminaires, CFLs and LEDs. NTL began its operations in the year 1993 and started its lighting journey in the year 2002. The first LED lamp in India was developed and manufactured by NTL, with lighting solutions becoming totally electronic, Lemnis emerged as the "first true" LED lamp producer globally in 2007. Presently, it has become one of the largest manufacture of lighting electronics products in the world outside China. NTL Electronics entered into a JV in 2012, with Lemnis Lighting of Netherlands. NTL Lemnis is a complete LED lighting solutions company in B2C space. It has products and solutions for European, African and Indian markets. It produces a complete range of energy efficient LED lighting products under the umbrella of Lemnis brand, Pharox, globally. Company's USP is its ability to develop and manufacture products, which are direct replacements of traditional lighting solutions, at market acceptable prices, without compromising on the quality of light. Currently, NTL family has 5000 members spread across 7 manufacturing plants in India. Company also has operations in South Africa and Europe. NTL is in the midst of an exciting transformation, going beyond being a company that developed first indigenously manufactured LED bulb in India to one that also delivers wonderful experiences for people along with the finest electronic products. With help from talented employees like YOU, we will integrate technology into compelling experiences in pursuit of our vision. This decade we will create and extend "electronics" to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details