TITLE: Merchandiser / Sr. Merchandiser - Exp. of U.S. or Australian Buyers.

SKILLS: Fashion Designing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidates Only from NIFT / PEARL are required. Salary :: No bar for the deserving candidates Must have 1-4 yrs of experience in Merchandising majorly with Export House. - Must have handled 60-70 days lead time shipment. - Must have handled US and Australian buyers. - Candidates from NIFT / Pearl or reputed institutes will be preferred. - Strong in Ms-Office, word, excel, ppt, ERP exposure is essential. - Knowledge of Design and product especially from US or Australian market - Deep understanding of product. - Good communication skills and team player. - Basic knowledge of Fabrics i.e. majorly wovens and knits partially. - Negotiation skills. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 8,00,000 P.A Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Fashion Designing , Merchandising Role Category:Designer Role:Merchandiser Keyskills Merchandiser Garment Manufacturing Production Merchandising Apparel Merchandising Product Development Coordination Communication Skills US buyers US customers Australian Buyers Women Wear High Fashion Casual wear Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Knowledge of all graphic software (Photoshop, In Design, Coral Draw, Illustrator).Creative.Time Management. Company Profile: B.L.INTERNATIONAL (P) LTD. B.L. International (P) Ltd. (BLI) established in the year 1991, a trendsetter in Designing and Supplying fashion apparels to premium brands in Europe & US . A young at heart company BLI is constantly innovating keeping abreast of the internationally in-vogue trends and is in compliance with the worldwide standards. Our state of the art machinery, high quality capable workforce and punctual deliveries have earned us an enviable client base. Intensive dialogues with our international partner help us fully understand the market pulse, making us a force to be reckoned with, in women and children wear. Our in house design studio sources the hottest young talent from the fashion industry and encourages them to flower to their best potential through an open door and broadminded policy. Producing a remarkable number of half a million pieces per month, our mantra is Sense, Spirit and Style. It has also started in 2007 its own domestic niche brand KAZO which is a young international brand that has made its way into the centre of the fashion industry within a short span of time with presence in PAN India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details