TITLE: Lead HRP FTH

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Section Job Description Fixed Time Hire 8 Months Lead HRP Location Gurgaon, India Experience Fresher/ 6- 12 Months A wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE: SNX) , Concentrix is a leader in high-value global business services. It partners with its clients to deliver end-to-end customer engagement services, technology innovations, analytics, process optimization, and business improvements. The global business services firm transforms the customer experience, and streamlines front and back office and industry-specific processes to provide the highest value from every customer interaction. Based in 25 countries with a staff of more than 70, 000 who speak 40 languages, Concentrix offers industry expertise in 10 industries: Banking & Financial Services, Healthcare & Pharmaceutical, Insurance, Technology, Consumer Electronics, Retail & e-Commerce, Government & Public Sector, Media & Communications, Automotive and Travel, Transportation & Tourism Roles & Responsibilities Responsible for driving and maintaining various processes facilitating employee engagement, motivation , communication; Grievance handling and maintenance of communication channels. Facilitate the creating of a world-class working environment that will attract and retain the highest caliber of people Drive and execute HR strategies to support and achieve employee relation activities Responsible for all employee communication Actively benchmark all HR activities and adopt suitable initiatives based on industry trends Conduct Employee satisfactions surveys and ensure that it is at expected levels Facilitate the driving of organization Culture Facilitate (through multiple initiatives) and maintain high morale and teamwork resulting in high employee satisfaction. Ensure regular communication happens from Top Management in the form of Town Halls and Meetings. Assist is driving Location level Employee Engagement Events Plan and Execute Employee Communication on the floor along with Ops Conduct Employee Skips and report out and drive actions to closure Assist in Employee related documentation and filing of disciplinary cases with central filing team Connect with New Hires and drive Retention Generic & Behavioral Skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Should be willing to work in rotational shifts/ night along with the team in customer business time. Overall should be a good team player with willingness to learn and drive to achieve. Disclaimer:- 'Neither Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited nor any authorized 3rd party who assist with our recruitment process, ever ask candidates for recruitment, processing or any other kind of fees in exchange for offer letters from Concentrix. Offer letters and other recruiting correspondence from Concentrix are printed on Concentrix letter head with authentic signatures of appropriate Concentrix authorities. ' Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills travel healthcare analytics retention financial services documentation customer interaction pharmaceutical correspondence business services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification : Graduate/ Post Graduate Human Resources Company Profile: Concentrix Technologies India Pvt. Ltd Concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation, is a Top 10 global leader in customer engagement, technology and process innovation. We provide industry leading scale and delivery reach, deep domain expertise, advanced analytics, and innovative technology platform solutions which enhance our ability to deliver superior business outcomes and world class customer experience. Our global delivery centres provide world class business services, with over 45,000 staff, speaking over 40 languages, in 50+ cities across 36 countries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details