TITLE: Medical Nutritionist

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Healthifyme !!!! Key Responsibilities: Instructing, individual program development, and personal training services online with fitness to clients Conducting proper evaluation, protocol implementation and training services online Evaluating strengths and weaknesses of clients, considering their medical conditions, recording the progression through program stages, and recommending/implementing protocol or program changes as required Managing/Moderating group coaching on chat groups by motivating clients towards fitness Converting free trial clients to premium clients Key Skills: The candidate must have Personal training/Physiotherapist and selling skills. Other requirements include: High school diploma or equivalent required; college degree in exercise science, exercise physiology, or related field preferred CPR certification ACE, Personal Trainer, ACSM, GGU or comparable certification preferred Experience working with people with complex medical conditions, disabilities and special needs preferred Demonstrated work experience in a fitness and/or athletic environment including demonstrated experience in the assessment of clients and development and monitoring of individual exercise programs Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to understand and react effectively to the unique needs of customers of varying age groups Basic computer skills (i.e., Excel; Word; Outlook) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:R&D Role:Nutritionist Keyskills nutritionist dietitian Dietitian Activities Diet Counselling Nutrition Nutritionist Activities Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HealthifyMe Wellness Products & Services Pvt. Ltd. About HealthifyMe: HealthifyMe is a health and wellness company that helps people lose weight, become fitter & #GetinShape. It uses a combination of cloud-powered software (Smartphone application), hardware (wearable devices) & human assistance (nutritionists, trainers and yoga instructors) to help people reach their fitness goals. With a team of over 40 experts and increasing growth of health and wellness space, HealthifyMe is rapidly expanding its team while delivering a holistic weight loss experience to the users. Today, Healthifyme mobile app has over 150,000 users and has delivered empirical results. We have also been covered by leading media, news papers and magazines. Please do check the links and our website for more information on why you should be a part of the high growth startup. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details