TITLE: Associate Sourcing Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Identify and qualify right suppliers the first time for respective region or non explore. Execute new program launch from scoping and evaluation to implementation in a timely fashion Negotiate all elements of assigned supplier relationships to ensure lowest total cost of procurement, including product cost, various commercial terms ,performance metrics, , and exploring new opportunities ,etc. Responsible for securing compliance to terms and conditions of Supplier Agreement Letter. Develop and manage functional supplier relationships with assigned key/strategic suppliers to optimize financial and operational performance. Identify and execute opportunities for procurement cost reduction and better supplier performance, including transfer of indirect agent-based business to factory direct, alternative sourcing terms& contract , contract renegotiations based on various economic indicators & commodity price index , etc., working in conjunction with appropriate functional areas as required Execute supplier and cost management system/metrics for assigned category(ies) and create and maintain a related industry intelligence database , demonstrate continuous improvement. Support implementation of service metrics by driving supplier performance measured in i.e. QAR, on-time delivery, paperwork accuracy, etc. Implement and maintain supplier database for assigned suppliers. Conduct supplier/market research and track global manufacturing and sourcing environment. Provide timely updates to the U.S. Headquarters and overseas offices and address any issues quickly. Resolve communication issues and reinforce communication process established between sourcing team and suppliers in addressing supplier performance issues. Resolve commercial issues associated with supplier performance issues, i.e. cost recovery for quality problems rework and on time shipment issues etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Sourcing Manager Keyskills Sourcing Management Procurement Fasteners nuts bolts Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Bachelors degree required, preferably in Business Management. Masters degree is a plusOver 5 years experience in Global Sourcing/Procurement in a relevant industry and assigned region requiredRelevant experience in developing and managing supplier relationships worldwide over multiple product lines, resulting in improved performance and cost.Ability to implement strategic supplier performance and cost management systems on a global scale.Aptitude in developing and utilizing functional regional network such as : commerce chambers, government,exporting agencies, industrial associations, etc. in his/her area of influence and the ability to use search engines,contacts , market knowledge, etc . that enables finding and qualifying suppliersClear and thorough knowledge of the negotiation process and cost breakdown analysis with domestic and foreign suppliers. Proven ability to execute the entire process for programs with moderate COGs. Effectively leverages all resources (time, information, company position, communication skills) to achieve outstanding results. Ability to maintain strong relationships and exert influence when needed Company Profile: Grainger India Private Limited Grainger is a leading distributor of industrial supplies, MRO equipment, tools and materials. With access to over 900,000 industrial supply products available online and in our print catalog, we provide maintenance, repair, and operational solutions for your business. MRO, manufacturing, supply chain, tools, and more - for the ones who get it done. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details