TITLE: Executive - Guest Relations

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The job purpose of this role is to be responsible for guest relations management and ensure customer delight at the mall /shopping centre. Principal Accountability: - Helpdesk Management - Customer Delight - Event Coordination - MIS, Reporting Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Guest Relations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sugam Vanijya Holdings Private Ltd VR Bengalure The Xander Group Inc. is an institutional investment firm focused on long term, value investing. Xander invests primarily in companies which operate in the infrastructure, hospitality, entertainment, retail and real estate sectors, and currently manages equity capital in excess of US$ 2 billion. Virtuous Retail is sponsored by The Xander Group Inc., a leading emerging markets investment firm, which has committed US$ 600 MM in equity to the platform. Founded in 2007, Virtuous Retail is India's only institutionally owned developer operator of community-oriented lifestyle shopping destinations. We have a pan-India presence with 5 lifestyle centres in 4 of India's top 9 cities, covering a total area of 6.5 million square feet. We do not simply operate malls. We create lifestyle centres that connect communities and strengthen societal ties in the locations that we are found in. Our operations strategy focuses on reimagining retail by building value creating differentiators. Led by a hospitality-oriented service approach, we create and operate community-centric lifestyle destinations that act as vibrant multi-use public fora, fostering public interaction, promoting local arts and culture, and building civic pride within host communities - as demonstrated by the Flagship centres we fully own, develop and manage. We adopt a 'master retailer' approach to asset development and management, driven by our dual focus on retailer and consumer communities. Benchmarking ourselves against international standards, we create distinctive lifestyle experiences and engagements that will endure and stay with people. Our forte lies in asset development and management, operations and leasing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details