TITLE: Senior Customer Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Middleware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Send me Jobs like this In this role you will be responsible for Integration & testing of Head End components and Installation, configuration, testing, support and training of Irdetos Conditional Access products for customers. As a key member of our Services group you will take a proactive role to understand any customer related queries and providing a satisfactory response back after required internal discussions. This is a customer facing role closely working with 3rd parties (Headend vendors, System integrators), solution architect, engineering and test teams to ensure the issues related to MW on customer platforms are well understood and closed to customers satisfaction. In this role you will be liaising, at many levels with other teams and departments, it is important to possess good interpersonal skills and possess the ability to tailor your communication based upon the context. Most of the teams' work is reacting dynamically to customer affecting issues related to our support of live production systems. It is therefore important to be flexible, adaptable and accommodating as requirements can change regularly, often with little or no notice. As part of the job the role may have to travel for interactions with customer, 3rd parties and MW engineering teams. Integration Engineer in consultation with solution architect is also responsible for providing the required inputs to Project Manager for preparation of Statement of Work. Integration engineer should have a good understanding of software architecture & processes, build environment & configuration management, STB Middleware/drivers & applications. Required Skills Good communication skills, both written and oral. Good Software Engineering and Debugging skills. Team player but able to work independently and remotely. Proactive and self-motivated. Good logical and analytical skills with the ability to absorb multiple requirements, provide analysis and then provide a practical solutions that meet the customers needs. Good presentations skill to small to medium sized groups. Good documentation and reporting skills. Competent user of the Microsoft suite of Office applications including Microsoft Visio and Project. Knowledge of the DVB, MPEG standards and hands on HE components like Multiplexer, PSI, Modulator etc. Knowledge of the broadcast industry with respect to workflow, operation and technologies. Required Experience Technical and/or Engineering background. 8-10 years of Integration & support experience on DVB systems Working knowledge of command line Linux/Unix and Shell Scripting Working knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and a good understanding of relational databases. Good understanding of DVB/MPEG standards Good understanding of Conditional Access and Billing system understanding Good understanding of Head end architecture and operations. Basic understanding of networking, for example; TCP / UDP / PPP / IP / Firewalls / broadband Basic understanding of STB integration and Testing. Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Middleware Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills DVB Linux MS SQL Server Unix Shell Scripting STB MPEG Project Management Integration Testing Configuration Management Software Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Information Technology Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Irdeto Technology India Pvt. Limited Irdeto is a world leader in Multiscreen, Revenue Assurance and Media Protection solutions for pay TV operators, OTT service providers and content owners. Irdeto enables pay media companies to provide a personal media experience for their consumers, uncover new revenue opportunities and offer new forms of entertainment on broadcast, broadband and mobile networks. The company offers an advanced portfolio of rights management, multi-screen, home networking, piracy control, media protection and business intelligence services. Irdeto's success in the market is evidenced by its broadcast software security solutions being the most widely deployed in the world for pay TV on satellite, cable, terrestrial and IP networks and by helping customers preserve business value and generate new revenue with its Multiscreen services. Irdeto is a subsidiary of multinational media group Naspers (JSE: NPN). Please visit Irdeto at www.irdeto.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details