TITLE: Sr. Manager / Manager - Legal from Real Estate Industry Only.

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Drafting of Agreements, Legal Notices, Joint Ventures, Lease Deed, Court Complaints, Written argument, Affidavit etc. Liaison with Govt. Agencies and Coordination with Advocates/Lawyers. Analysis of cases, draft written statements and miscellaneous applications. Handling litigation ranging from suits for specific performance, declaration, injunction, Criminal Complaints & Revenue Cases. Participating and managing in arbitration, conciliation, mediation, settlement proceedings and prosecuting the matters before various administrative officers. Appearances in various Courts/Forums/Labour Courts independently and/or with other Lawyers. Maintenance of Files, Case Lists, Records etc. Good knowledge in Civil, Criminal, Revenue & Labour Laws. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Legal Manager Keyskills Legal Drafting Agreements Notices Replies Case analysis Litigation Revenue cases Property matters Arbitration Conciliation Settlements Court Appearances Consumer matters Labour Laws Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: LLB - Law PG:LLM - Law Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sethi Buildwell Pvt. Ltd. (SETHI GROUP) Sethi Group of companies has revolutionized the Real Estate arena in over the period of last 20+ years. The Group has developed and successfully completed various Commercial and Residential Projects in Delhi & NCR. The Group is managed by professionals of long standing in real estate development. Group attains the highest level of professionalism. The Company has set new trends and benchmarks of architectural excellence. Company aspires to attain strong intensification and investment ventures. Company has attained innovative management and dynamic leadership in expanding, updating and diversifying its operations in real estate development with a keen eye on relevant skill, technology and resources. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details