TITLE: Digital Marketing Specialist/ Leading IT Company/ Bangalore

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is regarding a position for Digital Marketing Specialist with our direct client located in Bangalore. If you are interested in this opportunity, kindly respond ASAP with your updated resume and the details mentioned below. We will be glad to represent your resume to our client and help you in your job search. Â Job Title: Digital Marketing Specialist Location: Bangalore Experience:5+ years Job description: I. Deep understanding of digital marketing and digital production. ii. Planning, development and execution of national digital programs and campaigns, including online advertising, web site strategy and design, social media, and deliverables iii. Managing digital agency relationships, day-to-day production, as well as campaign budgets and schedules. iv. In depth knowledge of SEO and AdWords programs. v. Presenting recommendations to Head of Marketing. vi. Solid understanding of web metrics, digital analytics, with the ability to generate, analyze and interpret data. vii. Must be able to work under constant deadline pressure and manage multiple projects across multiple lines of business. viii. Strong management skills, excellent oral and written communication skills. ix. Experience delivering digital campaigns for mainstream products and services Please respond with the following details: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Best time to call: Contact Number: Preferred Locations: Notice Period: *If you are not comfortable or interested in this job opening, please feel free to forward this to others, whom you know may be a great fit for this position or you can simply ignore this e-mail. If you prefer to not be contacted by VARITE India for any future opportunities, kindly respond by writing Remove in the subject line. Please feel free to contact me anytime to discuss further on this opportunity and I look forward to assisting you in finding your next assignment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Optimisation /SEO Specialist Keyskills Digital Marketing AdWords Online Advertising Social Media SEO Campaigns Web Technologies Management Skills Desired Candidate Profile Skills & Knowledge RequiredStrong drive for results demonstrated through consistent delivery on goals in past work experience. At-least 5 to 8 years of post-qualification working experience. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal; able to communicate at all levels of an organizationEducation background: Preferably MBA & from Commerce background Good working experience on Excel Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Varite India Pvt. Ltd. Leading IT Company VARITE is a global staffing and IT consulting company providing technical consulting and team augmentation services to Fortune 1000 Companies in USA, CANADA and INDIA. VARITE is currently a primary and direct vendors to the leading corporations in the verticals of Networking, Cloud Infrastructure, Hardware and Software, Digital Marketing and Media Solutions, Clinical Diagnostics, Utilities, Gaming and Entertainment, and Financial Services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details