TITLE: Devops Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description PosterGully is looking for a DevOps Engineer, who is an out-of-the-box thinker. This position will be integral to our tech. team and will help lead the way in our platform automation and site reliability. The ideal candidate will work closely with the entire engineering team and should have enough knowledge to work effectively on a small team making big decisions that will affect the future of company's platform. This role will provide many opportunities to lend your experience to shaping, defining, and tweaking all of our key systems as we scale beyond hundreds of thousands of users. What you'll do: Help shape our platform for artists Automate everything Continuously improve our visibility into our systems and applications with advanced monitoring, metrics and log analytics Identify root causes on critical problems throughout the platform, and take necessary steps to resolve them Create, and follow up on site incident reports with other members of the engineering team and see them through to resolution Build and deploy tools to ensure the health and reliability of PosterGully Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills DevOps Engineer MVC frameworks Python Java PHP AWS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills Required: Comfortable working in a start up environment, where the 9to5 mentality does not exist 2+ years combined experience as software engineer, software engineer in test, systems administrator, site reliability engineer or any combination of roles Have experience in working on LAMP stack and MVC frameworks (knowing codeigniter is a plus) Familiar with AWS concepts like load balancing, scaling. You are proficient at writing code and do so in order to automate infrastructure, improve system reliability and optimize continuous delivery pipelines Familiar with deployment based practices and GIT versioning of code. Solid experience working with Ruby, Python, Java, PHPNice to haves: Venture-funded start-up experience Experience in a DevOps role Track record of open source contributions Knowledgeable in AWS Excellent organizational, time, and self-management skills Strong sense of initiative and ability to work under pressure on multiple projects, often under tight deadlines Can work both independently and as part of a team Motivated, energetic self-starter with strong problem solving skills Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate with non-technical colleaguesWhy join us? Opportunity to work in a dynamic fast growing start-up wanting to grow even faster! Very competitive salary and Equity Stock Options (ESOPs) based on the profile and years of experience. We did $XXX,000 in GMV last F.Y., and growing rapidly, thus offering potential for uncapped earnings based on performance. Work on a killer business idea with a fantastic team with a spirit of fun and mischief! Immense learning and growth opportunities in small, multi-functional, tightly-knit teams of smart folks Flexible hours & work environment Your work is appreciated by thousands of users daily No dress code: wear shorts, sandals or whatever Free company sponsored lunch, regular parties and beer! Company Bonus Program. Your total annual compensation is directly tied to our company's well being. We are all in the same boat and we want you to help us raise the tide. Suggest Your Own. We are adding benefits all the time. Help us build a great business, and reap the rewards alongside us. Company Profile: PosterGully.com PosterGully.com is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. We're a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dÃƒÂ©cor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Working on a 'Just in Time' model with no investment from the artists, it handles the technology, support as well as complete fulfillment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details