TITLE: Urgent Opening for Equtiy Dealer @ Kotak Securities Ltd

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are urgently looking for Equity Dealer/Sr Equity Dealer at Kotak Securities Ltd. Role - Relationship Manager-Branch Dealing Location - Delhi/NCR KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES 1. Responsible to generate brokerage primarily through advising clients on their equity portfolio for long term investments as well as positional trading ideas in stocks for short/ medium term. 2. Develop and maintain a long-term relationship with customers to maintain a high level of retention of the existing customer and also focus on generating new business. 3. To maintain a synergetic relationship with Relationship Managers, by supporting their efforts to enhance business. 4. To keep abreast with the market knowledge and market intelligence. 5. Responsible to ensure all activities are in adherence as per Compliance & Risk. 6. Provide regular updates to the immediate superior as and when required. SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE 1. Graduate / Post graduate with minimum 1Â yr exp in Equities on the client advisory side 2. Should have sound understanding of capital markets, 3. Should be a result-oriented, selfstarter, proactive, good communication skills. 4. Should possess strong networking & relationship building skills. 5. Should be certified in NSE Cash, NSE Derivatives, BSE Cash & NISM Currency Derivatives. Interested candidates kindly share your CV on nikita.kamble@kotak.com or call on 02242858421 Regards, Nikita HR Team Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Plus KRA based Incentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Financial Services/Stock Broking Role:Broker/Trader Keyskills equity dealer equity advisor terminal operator bolt operator online advisor stock market captial market nism ncfm relationship manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kotak Securities Limited Kotak Securities Limited Originally established in 1994, Kotak Securities is a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, which services more than 14 lakh customer accounts. The firm has a wide network of more than 1,255 branches, franchisees representative offices, and satellite offices across 386 cities in India and offices in New York, London, Dubai, Mauritius and Singapore. We process more than 400000 trades a day which is much higher than some of the renowned international brokers. The company is a corporate member of both The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). Our operations include stock broking services for trading in stock markets through branches & internet and distribution of various financial products including investments in IPOs, Mutual Funds and Currency Derivatives. Currently, Kotak Securities is one of the largest broking houses in India with substantial geographical reach to Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and America. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details