TITLE: Social Media Intern/ Executive/ Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Introspect & brainstorm creative ideas that drive strategy, content & campaigns Monitor, listen and respond to users in a Social way while cultivating leads and sales. Execute social media campaigns driving new customers Monitor trends in Social Media tools, applications, channels, design and strategy. Evaluate and improve (as necessary) systems and methods of targeting, tracking, reporting, and evaluation of our social media programs Partner with design & tech teams to develop more effective means of leveraging social networking channels Develop scalable processes for social operations (campaigns, sweepstakes, apps, etc.) Interface with clients (as necessary) to manage big picture strategy as well as operations Salary:INR As per Market Standards Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Keyskills Social Networking Media Advertising Management media management branding management Digital Marketing online marketing search engine optimization Mass Communication Brand Communication Social Media Marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization PG:M.A - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required You should have up to date knowledge of the best social media and user engagement practices. You should not only understand digital marketing but also be interested in behavioral economics. You should have a passion for using social media platforms as a means to communicate with audiences and deep understanding of what motivates people to engage with brands through them. You should have a creative bent of mind & shouldn't be afraid to think outside the box. You should understand numbers & metrics and should be able to derive insights to improve results. If you know what APIs and Databases do, even better. Company Profile: Solomo Media Pvt. Ltd. Solomo Media is a digital marketing agency focused towards Social Media and Content Marketing. Before starting Solomo Media, the founders gained experience in fast paced environments of Snapdeal, Rediff, Times Internet, Just Dial, Pagalguy.com etc. The founders have always believed in creating a company which has a campus like culture and believe in "building a company where common sense rules over hierarchy, mediocrity is unacceptable and curiosity is rewarded." We have grown to 30 member team now and we are working with well established brands like Videocon Mobile Phones, Dr Lal Pathlabs, Action Shoes, Sargam Electronics, Vuclip, RICS-Amity etc and also lot of small brands which have immense potential for the future. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details