TITLE: Snr Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About isango! isango!, part of the TUI Group of companies, e-commerce company is the online travel industry based out of UK, India and Spain. It has become a leading online retailer for travel activities, tours and excursions to customers across the globe. It does this by consolidating experience led tourism products such as excursions, sight-seeing & safaris from across the world. isango! has 5,000 travel products in over 60 countries that it sells to a global customer set.Â TUI Group of company is one of the worlds leading leisure travel groups, with over 220 trusted brands in 180 countries and more than 30 million customers with nearly 54,000 employees around the world. TUI Group is a British leisure travel group listed on the London Stock Exchange. It was formed in 2007 with the merger of First Choice Holidays PLC and the Tourism Division of TUI AG, which owns 56.4% of the company. About the Team The isango! Platform Engineering team is responsible for creating and evolving the isango! story and ensure consistency across all isango! web properties. We do this by building and evolving, isango web properties, viz. websites, APIs and B2b solutions. The Architecture is designed on the Microsoft Platform .NET and SQL. The team also uses a suite of content management and web tools to deliver a highly scalable and dynamic platform to a fast growing business offering covering integration with multiple partner heterogeneous technology platforms/ content-feeds.Â The team comprises a highly talented team of programmers with independent module based product ownership requiring direct conversation with the business and marketing teams for appropriate development planning. About the Job The Senior Software Developers responsibilities include the support and development of all key platform components of isango.com and isango's family of websites and APIs. S/he will work with other technical teams in development and work towards implementing latest technologies to improve user experience and engagement on isango's digital properties. Role: Senior Software Developer Responsibilities: - Develop components, modules and/or algorithms for the Isango platform that follow OOAD methodologies, and software design patterns. - Develop APIs (RESTful/SOAP/XML) for the various product offerings of Isango. -Provide technical resolution of issues on mission critical systems. -Assist with the day-to-day operation of the various technology teams and content management of isango.com and its websites. -Effectively document all processes, designs and data flows. Essential Prior Expertise -Expert in C# & ASP.net (both MVC & WebForms). Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS & Javascript (strong knowledge of Javascript & JSON is preferred). -You must have developed solutions with at least one of the following: WCF, WebAPI, SOAP. -Good knowledge of SQL Server. Desired QualificationsÂ -Experience of developing high-performance websites using various tools and techniques -Experience with content management systems, particularly DotNetNuke. -Solid troubleshooting, problem solving and analytical skills and the ability to reach innovative options quickly required. -Ability to work well under pressure and tight deadlines. -Good discipline to meet the requirements for production support and make commitments. -Proficient with business-related communication applications such as Word, PowerPoint, Excel -Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Qualifications - A full-time B.Tech or equivalent Degree. - 3 years or more years of experience in backend development for the web. Job Location: Gurgaon Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net DotNetNuke WCF MVC C# SQL Server Javascript XML JSON .Net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ISANGO INDIA PVT. LTD. "isango!, part of the TUI Group of companies, e-commerce company is the online travel industry based out of UK, India and Spain. It has become a leading online retailer for travel activities, tours and excursions to customers across the globe. It does this by consolidating experience led tourism products such as excursions, sight-seeing & safaris from across the world. isango! has 5,000 travel products in over 60 countries that it sells to a global customer set. TUI Group of company is one of the world's leading leisure travel groups, with over 220 trusted brands in 180 countries and more than 30 million customers with nearly 54,000 employees around the world. TUI Group is a British leisure travel group listed on the London Stock Exchange. It was formed in 2007 with the merger of First Choice Holidays PLC and the Tourism Division of TUI AG, which owns 56.4% of the company. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details