TITLE: Assistant Manager / Deputy Manager - Accounts (CA)

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role & Responsibilities : 1. Dealing with Banks & financial institutions. 2. Ensuring timely payment to Banks of Interest and Principal against term loans. 3. Debt restructuring for reducing average cost of Borrowings. 4. Negotiation with Banks. 5. Preparing projections cash flows and submitting regular MIS to the Banks. 6. MIS to the top Management. 7. Analysis with Budgets / Past Year Performances. 8. Ensuring internal controls over day - to -day accounting functions. 9. Funds Monitoring 10. Dealing with DGFT and customs for EPCG and SFIS related matters. Preferred Candidates from : Banks , Service Sector (Hospitality Sector). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Keyskills Finance Banking DGFT Accounting Functions MIS EPCG Customs Account Management Debt Restructuring Top Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Vatika Group The group was incorporated in 1988 with a vision to emerge as a niche player in real estate and hospitality and has grown exponentially into truly diversified corporate entity In the last 24 years of its existence, the Vatika Group has created projects that touch every walk of life and human endeavor, while setting new benchmarks in quality. Today the Group enjoys a market value of over Rs. 3500 crores, spanning real estate, and hospitality and facilities management. The group enjoys huge reserves of goodwill hat has led to some of the biggest names in the corporate world putting their trust in it and constantly strives to provide products and services that enhance the quality of life and work, and to address a gamut of human needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details