TITLE: Open SCM (metro Projects)

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings, We are appointed by our client to recruit SCM professionals with minimum 5 years of experience in Metro Projects SCM functions PFB JDÂ Preparation of Advance Purchase plan for Procurement of materials. Listing out the Vendors and coordinate with the vendors about availability of material. Obtaining quotes, negotiating prices, placing orders, tracking deliveries and business reporting. With an in-depth knowledge and functional experience, and skilled to competently handle the activities viz. MIS Reports, source identification & evaluation, negotiation processes, resource management, vendor development, order formalities and timely deliveries. Preparation of Price Comparison Report from the offers received. Create the Purchase Orders and PO Monitoring. Vendor Development and Techno-Commercial Negotiations. Inspection management for the materials between suppliers and the client if any. Follows up with the Groups Procurement Section on all items to be purchased as well as missing and returned items. Provide a purchasing expertise and approach to supplier selection and negotiation processes. Following Supplier Management Strategies in terms of Quality, Cost & Delivery (QCD). Provide procurement and product/service expertise for the spend categories in scope. Initiate and implement cost reduction ideas in material procurement. Maintaining Project procurement reports. Vendor & Client management Daily report on preparation of procurement activities. Responsible for Material Management activities involving Material Planning. Proven capability to provide cost-effective, timely and quality procurement solutions while excellently achieving the performance targets under demanding situations and a fast-paced market. Vendor development and finalization of Vendor list/Bill of Material for a projects product/system wise; Interaction with Project Coordinators/Project Directors for finalization of project specific packaging. Negotiation for finalization of purchase orders/contracts as member of the Purchase Committee. Timely issue of PCR and orders; Cost saving budget Vs actual; establishing benchmark negotiation through cost analysis, present market scenario Vs previous price data; planning and finalization of rate contracts for common bulk items; establishing strategic alliance with dependable vendors. Knowledge of market conditions, import/export, taxation and familiarization with procurement through ERP for civil including structural, mechanical, electrical and C&I packages of large projects. Knowledge of procurement of various engineered systems and equipments related to power generation including global sourcing. Ensure continuous compliance and implementation of ISO 9000/14000, QMS for SCM; periodic review of safety and statutory requirements and proper incorporation of the clauses in the purchase orders/contracts. Regards Sairam Adalath Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Purchase Vendor Development Project Procurement Global Sourcing Material Management Material Planning Material Procurement SCM Supplier Selection Metro Underground Metro Elevated Metro Metro Rail metro railway Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Excel Enterprises our client A large conglomerate for their infrastructure division Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details