TITLE: Senior Manager/associate Director/director - Seller Score/quality

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As Sr Manager/ AD/ Director - Marketplace, you will head a team of bright young people responsible for regulating seller behavior on the site. The marketplace accreditation team will assign Seller Score (SS) to every seller which will become an input for your team to take further action. Based on the SS your team will perform two sub tasks, firstly, initiate activities that will promote sellers with good score and secondly, initiate training and coaching for sellers who have received a bad score. The overall objective of the team is to moderate seller behaviors so that home buyers have a positive experience. You will strategize, plan & implement programs to ensure that sellers show an improved score. Seller quality management is a major gap area on the online real estate space and excellence here, can really help differentiate us from other sites. You will use technology to manage sellers of diverse background from - across the country- . You will look at best sellers quality checks systems from across verticals and geographies and implement them in the Indian context. Responsibilities 1. Take required action based on SS to ensure, marketplace rewards good seller behavior and provide enough opportunities to sellers with lower score to improve. 2. Information, coaching and reminder to sellers with average score so that they are able to improve and derive the benefits that their counterparts with higher score are driving. This may include on ground seller training and workshops. 3. Creating case studies of exceptional contributors & featuring them on the site will be part of the responsibility. 4. Use of technology to ensure monthly dashboard management for sellers. 5. Working closely with Engineering, Quality Assurance, Sellers Acquisition and Accreditation teams to create synergies leading to a highly rewarding experience for home buyers. 6. Being accountable for improvement in overall SS for city, region and for the whole marketplace. 7. Making sure that sellers are engaged with the platform and benefiting from it. Requirements 1. Management Graduate from top business school (an Engineer + MBA preferred). 2. Around 8-12 years of total experience with 2-3 years in managing seller's behavior. 3. Exposure to online marketplace will be an added advantage. 4. Prior exposure to product management & analytics will be a huge positive. 5. Innovative and capable of out-of-the-box thinking. 6. Able to create value using good business judgment . 7. Detail oriented, however, does not lose the big picture of final product and time to market. 8. Strong results orientation - is able to focus and deliver results. 9. Excellent problem solving skills - coming up with simple solutions to complex problems. 10. Team Player - ability to drive consensus, leverage synergies from cross functional teams. 11. Willing to work out of Delhi NCR (Gurgaon). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills Quality Management Quality Assurance Senior Management Product Management Real Estate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.B.A - Management, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Maven workforce Client of Maven workforce Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details