TITLE: System Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Configuration, installation and Troubleshooting Windows 7,windows 8 and Windows 10 Configuring Printing, Configuring and Managing Disks, Managing data by using NTFS, Creating and Managing user Accounts. Installation and maintenance of all types of printers including Network printer for windows platform. Installation and configuration of Anti-viruses, Installing Application Programs, Configuring & Troubleshooting Outlook Express,Microsoft Outlook and Thunderbird Trouble shooting of printer problems. Configure the Network connection in project place. Troubleshooting and maintenance of desktops. Configuration and troubleshooting of Open Office Application software installations. Providing technical, functional and operational support to users in the implementation and use of software applications. Troubleshooting and maintenance of all LAN and workstation network connectivity issues. Installation and configuration of Network Printers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills Networking Installation Windows Troubleshooting Outlook Express MS Outlook System Engineering Application Software Data Management Open Office Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Brickwork Ratings Brickwork Ratings, a SEBI, RBI & NSIC registered credit rating agency offers Bank Loan, NCD and SME ratings. Brickwork has presence in Bengaluru, New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Ahmedabad and Guwahati as well as 50 other cities. Brickwork has rated issues of a large number of banks like State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Canara Bank, Corporation Bank, Punjab National Bank ,Union Bank of India, Andhra Bank, Vijaya Bank, United Bank of India, etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details