TITLE: Sr. Account Executive (client Servicing)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Understanding client's requirement and provide solution after interacting with the team and internal departments Basic research skills to gain understanding of new clients/projects To Coordinate with the team in activating media campaigns across Search, Display, Social & Mobile Platforms To manage the designated project through all relevant stages of the systems lifecycle from project initiation through to project closure and analysis & review To work with cross functional team; Development, Design and Content Team to plan, monitor and track progress of the Project To manage relationships with existing clients and projects, and generate new business Meeting with clients on a regular basis for a healthy review Regular Payment Follow up Maintaining Reports & MIS Salary:INR 3,75,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing Executive Keyskills Project coordinator Account Executives Client Servicing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Desired Candidate ProfileWe are looking for a young, dynamic professional in the Client Servicing Department with background and knowledge of the advertising industry.Experience and understanding of Internet business and practicesExcellent Verbal and Written Communication SkillsVery sharp analytical skills and high concern for clarityAdherence to deadlines and able to maintain quality standardsMost certainly Knowledge of:Social media Platforms and Digital marketing exposureWeb technologies and Digital Activation across paid & owned channelsWebsite design and usability Company Profile: Publicis Istrat Publicis Istrat https://www.istrat.in Introduction about Publicis iStrat Publicis iStrat is a part of the Publicis Groupe, worlds 3rd largest Advertising & Communication Network. We are headquartered in Gurgaon with presence in Mumbai & Bangaluru. We are amongst the leading digital companies in India offering highly innovative and robust Internet Solutions to corporate's worldwide. We are passionate to excel in assignments we undertake across Digital Platforms. We are always innovating, strategizing and optimizing. We offer: Environment: A well charged and set of young teammates who work hard, party hard. Challenging assignments: Your assignments are basis the challenges you want to take on. The opportunity to work across the customer Relationship management Function. Clients that you would love to work for: At Publicis iStrat you work with best names in the Industry... check our client list on our website...it will surely set you racing... Knowledge & Confidence: Since we are always pushing the limits at Publicis iStrat you grow out to be a person armed with Knowledge and Confidence of taking on the world. Salaries: The Salaries offered at Publicis iStrat are the best available in the industry inline with your experience. Lots to get you motivated Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details