TITLE: Php Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must be proficient in PHP, MySQL, CSS, HTML, Javascript, AJAX, XML. Experience with atleast one MVC Frameworks such as Zend, YII, CodeIgniter is must. Any experience with Java Script Frameworks and Boot strap would be added advantage Should have excellent written communication skills (English). Must have capacity to work independently and also as a part of team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Codeigniter Zend HTML PHP Javascript MySQL Ajax CSS Java XML yii Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MetaDesign Solutions Pvt Ltd. What we, at MetaDesign Solutions do is simple - we tailor profitable IT solutions for businesses of all sizes hailing from all industries. We cater to all types of IT based solutions, ranging from a few-paged interactive website to a complete web-based enterprise wide e-commerce based solution, from a small desktop widget easing your daily important tasks to applications managing everything for your global business. Our solutions are extremely robust and work on multiple platforms. We enjoy challenges, especially those which others mark as impossible. The more complicated the higher our enthusiasm. Creating robust software solutions and delivering them with great levels of professionalism and diligence is our goal. It is backed by a great sense of commitment, tremendous industry exposure, great teamwork and creditable technical expertise. Our committed professionals aim to provide our customers with software solutions par excellence. IT solutions created and maintained by MetaDesign Solutions have certain common basic essential features; they are all critically analyzed, designed, constructed, tested, and thus, engineered to perfection. We specialize in molding our products and services to best suit our clients' requirements, which lets them wear a wide smile always. Associating with us for your business proposal will make you repeat what our existing customers have to say about our work - Superb. Our vision is completely synchronized with that of our customers and we view the projects from first-hand perspectives. MetaDesign Solutions has partners across multiple continents, which means that we're extremely comfortable working across different time zones. We have a global client footprint with customers in India, U.S., Germany, Sweden and France, amongst others. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details