TITLE: Startup Software Engineer / Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities: The candidate will build, maintain & execute comprehensive test cases, test procedures and verify that the software releases are complying with requirements specification. He/she will configure the home automation system and execute the test cases. Also he/she should be able to reproduce, diagnose and document/ report software defects using the management tools under use.. Requirements: Must have experience in web application testing and mobile app testing Ability to analyze requirements and design suitable test cases Ability to develop, execute test cases, debug and log defects Knowledge on Linux Shell Scripting, html, and xhtml programming IP networking basics Knowledge of API Testing will be an added advantage Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as needed Detail oriented with attention to proper defect creation specifics Good verbal and written communication skills Desirable: Fair idea on testing approaches such White box and black box testing Reasonable knowledge of software life cycle Qualification: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or Electronics & Electrical Engineering with a good academic record. 2 -3 years of relevant experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Black Box Testing XHTML White Box Test Cases Test Case Execution Web Application Testing Automation Test Engineering API Testing Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Silvan Silvan's founders started the company with a view to make people's lives safer and more secure. They kick-started their operations in Bangalore with a simple yet effective solution - Internet Protocol (IP) cameras with built-in intelligence to detect events automatically. As the business started to take its own shape, Silvan expanded its scope by entering into the sphere of home automation based on contemporary technologies such as cloud services and the Internet of Things. Silvan's solutions for home automation has been welcomed by several big players in the field of housing - Sobha, Brigade, Nambiar Builders, Total Environment, Tata Housing, and Lodha to name a few. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details