TITLE: Marketing Mgr !! Social Media/ Digital/ecommerce!! Immediate Joiners

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are excited to grow our team to drive the next generation in technology and it's opening up incredible opportunities - for Optiontown and for you. Co Name : Optiontown Software Pvt Ltd Address: 371, Third Floor, Aggarwal City Mall, Ranibagh, Pitampura, New Delhi-34, Landmark - Above Celebrations, Near M2K Cinemas (Ranibagh) or Next to Chunmun Mall. *Kindly send your cv mentioning the following details Present Salary, Expected Salary, Joining Time. We are looking for candidates having 5 plus years of Consumer marketing within Online/Digital marketing experience for Software/Online products within eCommerce Industry/Retail Industry JD: Development and implementation of the Online and offline consumer marketing strategy to enhance Revenues and Brand awareness. Developing the marketing strategy for new and existing products Overseeing implementation of the Marketing strategy - including campaigns, events, digital marketing, and PR. Guiding the day to day activities of the marketing team Work closely with product management team to define marketing materials and programs. Manage social media presence and direct programs to improve social media reputation and recognition. Undertake continuous analysis of competitive environment and consumer trends Develop and implement online marketing strategies with focus on high growth in revenue and ROI in marketing costs. l To undertake any other reasonable task or responsibility as required by your line manager or member of senior management in order to meet our business needs. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A. Not a Constraint for deserving candidates Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Digital Marketing Online Marketing Social Media Product Management Marketing Strategy PR Campaigns Brand Awareness Events Marketing Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Five plus years of relevantÂ Consumer Marketing for software/online products experience preferably within the eCommerce Industry / Retail Industry.At least 5+ years of online/digital marketing experienceStrong Entrepreneurial Spirit and ability to deliver high performance related revenue targetsVery Strong Analytical skills and go- getter approachAbility to work with cross-functional teams across marketing, development, IT, product design Company Profile: Optiontown Optiontown is an established and a global leader in the aviation industry since last 10 years. Founded by the alumni of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), it is owned & operated by Tenon & Groove LLC. With headquarter ins Boston, USA, Optiontown has offices across Ireland, UK, Copenhagen, Spain, India, Malaysia and Vietnam. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details