TITLE: Walkins Senior Executive - Client Servicing on 09th & 10th May 2016

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We found your profile suitable for this role of Executive/Senior Executive and request you to attend the Mega Walk In Drive on 09th & 10th May 2016 between 9:00AM - 3:00PM. JOB DESCRIPTION 1.Will be acting as a single point of contact for the client. 2.Should able to handle client escalations and queries. 3.Should provide daily updates to the client and ensuring closures within TAT. 4.Required to work independently and prioritize work in order to meet client needs. 5.Should be responsible for achieving revenue targets from existing clients. 6.Liaison with clients from time to time in order to assess the quality of our services and increase the size of our share of client business. Note : Candidate scored 50% throughout academics & with relevant experience will be considered for the interview. AuthBridge Research Services Plot No 123, 2nd Floor Udyog Vihar , Phase -4 Gurgaon Regards, Pawan Dhanda 01244539917 Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Client Servicing corporate accounts management key accounts management client centric Client Management client relationship Client Interfacing Hni Client Handling Business Development Client Support Account Management KAM Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Candidates with good communication, IQ and high need for achievement.Ability to develop strong client relationshipsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsShould have good knowledge of MS Excel. Company Profile: Auth Bridge Research Services Pvt. Ltd. About AuthBridge AuthBridge, one of India"s Leading Background Verification and Risk Mitigation companies has been in the business since 2005. AuthBridge, founded by Ajay Trehan, an alumnus of Indian Institute of Technology Delhi & a Mentor in NASSCOM"s Orbit Shift Program, has been at the forefront of Employee Background Verification and has set the industry benchmark with technological expertise, deep process knowledge and innovation. With more than 400 clients across a broad spectrum of businesses, over the past few years, AuthBridge has grown & emerged as a thought-leader and a benchmark in the industry and is recognized as the preferred choice for clients for background verification across industries and levels. Empanelled with National Skill Registry, an initiative of NASSCOM, AuthBridge, is also one of the few within the industry to be certified for both ISO:9001 and ISO/IEC 27001:2008 since 2008 and places great importance to processes, continual improvement and information security practices. Cornell University published a document titled AuthBridge Research Services: Innovating HR Operations in India after studying the automated background verification processes and has used it as case study for classes on Business Operations. The Annual Trend Report published by AuthBridge with impactful insights on industry and applicant behaviour has been another feather in the AuthBridge cap. 'To be the global benchmark in solutions that build trust in people and alliances'; the vision which drives AuthBridge is founded on five defining Core Values. Identifying & Empowering Talent; Passion for Surpassing Goals; Attention to Detail in all Aspects of the Company; Urgency in Execution; Solving Problems Creatively for Continual Improvement The success and exponential growth of AuthBridge can be largely attributed to the empowered and passionate team and their innate and combined innovative solutioning. As we speak, AuthBridge has conducted more than 12 million checks and published more than 2.5 million reports and continues to set new benchmarks. Services Risk Mitigation Services: *Vendor Partner Services *Investment Risk Services *Consumer Services *Ethics & Intelligence Services *Know Your Customer (KYC) Screening Services: *Employee Background Checks *AuthLeadTM - Leadership Screening *AuthXtendTM - Always Screened *Substance Abuse Testing *AuthNumberTM - Database Services *Global Screening Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details