TITLE: Director / Senior Director - Operations - BPO

SKILLS: Top Management

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About the Role This key leadership role will directly impact the growth trajectory of one of the most disruptive and fastest growing businesses of the client. Success of the business line will be directly impacted by how well Operations performs. The incumbent will demonstrate a successful track record of operational leadership and capability to disrupt existing industry standards in an ITeS/ Services environment. Job Description - Manage business operations, including the development and execution of the overall business strategy. - Contribute strategically to the growth and direction of client's products and services across different regions. - Establish strong relationships with clients. Meet and exceed business growth targets. - Drive operational improvements for business vertical(s), including optimizing resource allocation across teams, measuring progress against business goals. - Participate in and help steer global initiatives as appropriate and ensure that global initiatives are rolled out properly to your vertical/sector. - Design and run scaled operations with a data-oriented approach. Provide vision and leadership for business. - Build high performance teams, improve organizational efficiencies, build scalable business processes and infrastructure. - Ensure alignment with cross-functional teams across business lines that support and help execute better business. - Participate/lead cross-functional strategic planning activities to plan budgets, expansion plans and operational plans (service design, operations costs, HC, hiring, etc.). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Top Management Role:CEO/MD/Director Keyskills ITES Operations Leadership BPO Strategic Planning Business Strategy Business Operations Business Growth Resource Allocation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Must Haves- MBA/ MS or Bachelor Degree with relevant experience- At least 15 years of operations experience at an ITeS, BPO or online business with deep industry expertise in the service/ outsourcing.- Strong internal client-facing skills with excellent communication, negotiation and conflict management skills. Experience with socializing and presenting analysis, proposals and strategies to organizational leaders with a demonstrated affinity for metrics.- Demonstrated success in building operations teams in customer service.- Strong analytical and problem solving skills; ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations for action based on the analysis. Successful track record in growing and inspiring a large team, with proven ability to select, attract, motivate, retain, and develop leaders and team members.- Ability to streamline complex processes and implement workflows designed to increase efficiency. Ability to effectively influence and drive cross-functional change with multiple stakeholders at all levels of management working across engineering, product, marketing and business development teams. Company Profile: SAA Consulting Leading client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details