TITLE: Urgent Requiremnt for IT Recruiters for DAY Shift - Noida Location

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Opening for IT RECRUITER at E-solutions (DAY SHIFT) NOIDA LOCATION Dear All, Hope you are doing good..! We, e-Solutions Inc hiring Staffing professionals for Noida office. Designation: IT Recruiter Experience :- 0.6 to 2 Years Working Days - Monday to Friday Job Description:- Will be working for Contract To Contract and Contract to Hire as well as for Permanent Positions. should have Knowledge about the Recruitment Process and should be MBA HR or B.Tech. Should be working with end to end recruiting process and placed candidates successfully on Contract positions, Contract to hire & Permanent/ Direct Hire opportunities on CTC, basis positions. Mapping the requirements of corporate clients and providing them the best solution to meet their recruitment needs effectively. Full life cycle recruiting from sourcing, screening, interviewing, rate negotiations and presentation to Account Manager/ Client. Responsible for sourcing candidates from Job Boards, LinkedIn, Google searches, direct cold calling, company database, and referrals. Have to screen resumes and candidates technically, rate their technical and communication skills. Should shortlist and submit the right profiles and schedule the interviews and offers upon clients request. Should be able to develop key partnerships with hiring managers, candidates . Should worked on requirements of most of the technologies like Programming Languages, Web Technologies, Databases, System Administration, Network Engineering, Business Analyst / Project Management and ERPs like SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft, Siebel. Should have strong experience in job description analysis and creating search profile. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Kindly share profile on sukriti.m@e-solutionsinc.com/ Call @ 01206638048 Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 2,25,000 P.A Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills IT Recruitment Hr Mba IT Recruiter IT STaffing Hr REcruiter Recruiter Talent Acquisition Recruitment Sourcing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: e-Solutions Inc About E-Solutions Group : Founded in 2003, we are in our 11th year of structured growth. E-solutions collectively brings over 40 years of IT staffing service experience. We are a talent-driven, talent acquisition company providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic out sourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for a variety of engagements. E-solutions have developed a business structure with no boundaries which means we work as one collective entity. Its a $48 Million organization having offices in US and India(Noida/Chandigarh ) and many other locations too like Jaipur, Hyderabad, Bangalore etc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details