TITLE: Contracts Manager-salarpuria Sattva

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Salarpuria Sattva: Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. JOB PROFIE Good knowledge in contract management. Cost Analysis. Sourcing new contractors and identification. Experienced in building good contractors relationship. To organize contractors meetings. Rate finalization work based on the cost work input. Contract development. Analysis contractors work flow as per site Good conditions. Experience in large building construction, labour / contractors mobilize. Should have huge database of shuttering / forms / moulds/contractors Knowledge Statutory compliance of local area. Preparation terms and conditions on contractors and monitor. Drafting, Evaluation, Negotiation and Execution of Contracts. Maintain contractual records & documentation. Develop & implement procedures for contract mgmt. Monitor compliance. Ensure contract close-out, extension or renewal. Oversee SLA compliance. candidates may forward your updated profile & photo to Hr@sattvagroup.in & Nibedita.goth@sattvagroup.in Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Material Management Executive/Manager Keyskills Contracts Building Construction Contract Management Cost Analysis Statutory Compliance Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Greenage Griha Nirmaan Pvt Ltd. Founded in 1986 with the primary focus of developing high quality constructions, the Group has attained leadership positioning in the field and is one of the most preferred brands in the country today. Having pioneered the early development landscape in Bangalore and literally shaping the city's skyline since the mid-80s, the Group has a diverse portfolio of world-class IT Parks, commercial, residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Salarpuria Sattva Group is one among the leading names in the construction Industry today. We are recognized as one of the most "trusted" builders in India. Our credentials are reflected in our being recognized by CRISIL as an "A" Stable Rated Company. Very few builders in India share this enviable tag with us. Our credibility is reinforced by prestigious national recognition through the Awards that we have received in recent times including NDTV Award for Best Premium Property, the ET Award for Best Residential Development, the CNBC AWAAZ Award for Best Residential and Commercial Properties as well as the CNBC AWAAZ Award in recognition of our contribution to the building industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details