TITLE: Senior Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibility: To allocate the software licenses against the procured. Make and update a central repository for all procured licenses. To produce a quarterly compliance report. To help the RDUs in maintaining a compliant status throughout the contract life cycle for 5 years. Help in external Audits. To help at the time of software retirement. Managing the MS portal for license inventory management. (1. ) To keep self abreast of the changing paradigm through reading, research, feedback and competitor analysis to ensure that the process design has the next/ best practices (2. ) To prepare business requirement documents for automation/ enhancement of the HR Process (es) , lead pilot and testing efforts of a process rollout including preparation of training material and ensure that customer queries on a new process are responded to. (3. ) Ensure adherence to the published compliance frame work. Monitor by conducting periodic audits to ensure all compliance aspects are adhered to; Analyze and publish reports on the findings; discuss with the concerned stake holders and follow up on the clos (4. ) To analyze and integrate the CoE Process and adjoining HR/ Business Processes for bringing out higher alignment by creating new designs or enhancing the current design as per industry and regulatory norms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Tools and Standards - Infrastructure Maintenance standards - Software Asset Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details