TITLE: Social Media Manager - Start up

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Responsibilities: -Manage Social Media marketing campaigns and day-to-day activities -Curate relevant content to reach the companys ideal customers. -Create, curate, and manage all published content (images, video and written). -Monitor, listen and respond to users in a Social way while cultivating leads and sales. -Conduct online advocacy and open stream for cross-promotions. -Develop and expand community and/or blogger outreach efforts. -Oversee design (ie: Facebook Timeline cover, profile pic, thumbnails, ads, landing pages, Twitter profile, and blog). -Design, create and manage promotions and Social ad campaigns. -Compile report for management showing results (ROI). -Become an advocate for the Company in Social Media spaces, engaging in dialogues and answering questions where appropriate. -Demonstrate ability to map out marketing strategy and then drive that strategy proven by testing and metrics. -Develop a strategy and implement a proactive process for capturing customer online reviews. Monitor online ratings and respond accordingly. -Monitor trends in Social Media tools, applications, channels, design and strategy. -Identify threats and opportunities in user generated content surrounding the business. Report notable threats to appropriate management. -Analyze campaigns and translate anecdotal or qualitative data into recommendations and plans for revising the Social Media campaigns. -Monitor effective benchmarks (best practices) for measuring the impact of Social Media campaigns. Analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Social Media Marketing Manager Keyskills Marketing Strategy Promotions Sales Social Media Marketing Marketing Campaigns ROI Media Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: GetMyParking We are organizing parking lots with our fast and intuitive mobile app. Get real-time availability of the parking lots around you, and make an advance reservation for an assured hassle-free parking. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details