TITLE: Nw-routing &switching-l1_imts_se_delhi

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this L2 Avaya - "Description Job Summary Expectations for the Lead Infrastructure Engineer are to have a high exposure to traditional voice, data and IP Telephony technologies, as well as knowledge and experience with a converged environment. Exhibit consistent technical skills in areas of VOIP, TCP/IP Internetworking, TDM, and IP/PBX trunking in Avaya/Cisco Voice environment. Lead Infrastructure Voice Engineer is also accountable for supporting and delivering availability by supporting all incidents with the efforts of assessing risk, coordinating resolution with our NOC engineers, and delivering assigned incidents/problems. The Lead Infrastructure Voice Engineer has three main roles: To ensure maximum possible service availability and performance To provision and isolate incidents on Avaya/Cisco voice infrastructure platforms To provide support services for Engineering and other technical teams Responsibilities Responsible for the day to day monitoring and availability of the voice infrastructure platforms including Avaya Communication Manager, Avaya Application Enablement Services, Avaya Call Management System, and Cisco CUCM Voice and Telepresence clusters Responsible for completion of MAC and Incident support tickets across Avaya/Cisco voice infrastructure with a focus on availability Responsible for SLA attainment in both incident and change management work queues Diagnose and correct voice infrastructure problems in a timely manner Attend Voice outage bridges to assist in isolation of SEV1 incidents Strong understanding on CTI/RTA links between CMS, AES, Intelligent Call Management systems and Dialers Applies knowledge of call center operational dynamics as it relates to design and implementation of ACD (Automatic Call Distribution), CTI (Computer Telephony Integration), and Session Manager Routing utilizing industry solutions to solve call center related issues Provide lead support and direction to the team responsible for the overall health and maintenance of all voice infrastructure assets to include control and compliance. Ability to diagnosis voice equipment problems, following sound troubleshooting procedures to find solutions Extensive experience with voice infrastructure and server theories, principles and concepts; voice application infrastructure and standards; networking fundamentals; Windows, Linux; SAN storage systems; clustering; physical server architecture; Voice mail; SIP; VOIP; Trunking; LAN/WAN/ Firewall/ VPN network technologies. Knowledge of Enterprise Voice equipment Avaya CM, CMS, AES, Aura, Session Manager, System Manager, Cisco CUCM Voice and Telepresence Clusters Knowledge and understanding of IP, Routers, Switching basics Possess ability to translate technical issues into understandable business language for end users. Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field or has equivalent work experience. Certification(s) are a plus, such as, CCNA, and/or Avaya. Prefer specific technical knowledge in two or more of the following areas: Linux, Avaya, and Cisco Voice and Telepresence platforms. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Networking Switching VOIP IP Telephony Routing CCNA SIP Cisco VPN Call Manager Avaya Communication Manager Avaya Application Enablement Services Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Mindtree Limited Mindtree delivers technology services and accelerates growth for Global 1000 companies by solving complex business challenges with breakthrough technical innovations. Mindtree specializes in e-commerce, mobility, cloud enablement, digital transformation, business intelligence, data analytics, testing, infrastructure, EAI and ERP solutions. We are among the fastest growing technology firms globally with more than USD 500 Million in revenues, 200 clients and offices in 14 countries. We deliver amazing results: Helping 100 million passengers fly safely. Improving security and performance for one of the world2019s largest e-commerce stores. Unifying brand messaging and improving engagement for one billion consumers. For Mindtree, 201CWelcome to possible201D is more than a slogan 2013 it reflects our approach to every engagement. Our values 2013 Collaborative Spirit, Unrelenting Dedication and Expert Thinking help us see possibilities where others see a full stop. Welcome to possible. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details