TITLE: Market Research Analyst (B2B Voice Process)

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidates are welcome in the below address any day from Monday to Friday between 11am to 7pmÂ Ayushi Prasad Team Leader - HR and RecruitmentÂ Azure Knowledge Corporation, Regus Building, 5th Floor, Tower C,Â 3C Green Boulevard (know as Nokia Building,Â Opp Symbiosis Law College), B Block, Phase 2, Industrial Area, Sector 62, Noida. Job title: Research Associate/Research Analyst Hello,Â Â Greetings from Azure Knowledge Corporation!!! PFB the requirement details for IRS(Market Research). IRS- It is a Voice process, need candidates with excellent communication skills in English(Verbal). We are looking for Market Research interviewers conducting research interviews and targeting respondents on phone for different geographies like APAC, European & US countries. Associates will have to talk on phone to C LEVEL Executives( CEO, COO, CTO etc) of companies and complete surveys. Eligibility: Excellent communication skills. Candidates should be ready to work in night and rotational shifts. Candidates should be willing to work or to relocate to Noida. Undergraduates can also apply Freshers can be considered Salary Range: Salary Grid IRS 15000-25000 1.8lpa-3lpa Exp: Also Depends on your last drawn it can vary. Details Hiring Male/ Female candidates Saturday/Sunday Off 5 Days working Rotational shifts basis the time frame of the respective geography Excellent Incentives & Night shift Allowance Meal Facility Attendance Bonus Azure Knowledge Corporation Azure is one of the most preferred employers not only in India, but in the world. For two years in a row, Azure Knowledge Corporation has won the GESIA awards as highest employment generator for Gujarat, India. Internationally, the IAOP sub lists, 2011 of the Global Outsourcing 100 has listed Azure Knowledge Corporation within the top 10 rising star companies of the world in both employee numbers and employee growth. In 2008, Great Places to Work Institute, ranked Azure Knowledge Corporation within the top 50 workplaces in India. Being a highly respected brand in the local market, Azure has a record of retaining more than 90% of its senior management in the last 8 years and an average attrition of 18% for associates/interviewers as compared to 50-60% in the industry. Consistent training and nursing of employee potentials is a fundamental business practice of Azure Knowledge Corporation. We recognize our employees as our greatest asset, and that opportunities to realize their potentials lead directly to realization of the potentials of our company. Azure Knowledge Corporation stands on the three pillars of Process, Technology, and People, and we celebrate the power of each. Ten Reasons to be an Azurien Competency based & equal opportunity hiring - Your talent is always respected. We honor commitment to work Employee motivation & engagement practices You would never know that we may plan to celebrate your achievement with a DJ party. Rewards and recognition system (R&R) Your work shall always be appreciated. Lively work ambience that encourages initiative & innovation Training programs in popular technical, soft-skills and management areas. Treat everyone as equals & value differences. Collaborative attitudes that unite individuals and teams Employment benefits: Competitive compensation Initiatives to promote their health, safety and wellbeing. Career growth and stability Please Mail your resume atÂ ayushi.prasad@azureknowledge.com Call me at 09899532896 Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Lucrative Performance based Incentives Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Research Analysis Night Shift Conducting Interviews Cold Calling Spoken English Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Should have excellent communication skills in EnglishCandidates should be ready to work in night and rotational shifts.Candidates should be willing to work or to relocate to Noida.Undergraduates can also applyFreshers can be considered Company Profile: Azure Knowledge Corporation Private Limited Azure Knowledge Corporation is a leading provider of Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO) services with more than twelve years of experience in serving Fortune 500 clients across the globe. Azure is globally recognized and respected for its capabilities and experience in providing outsourcing services related to Market Research, Customer Interaction Services and Transaction Processing. Azure is a preferred service provider to leading companies in Market Research, Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Healthcare, Automotive, Consumer Goods and Retail industry sectors. Azure specializes in providing Market Research, Business Research, Customer Satisfaction Measurement, Mystery Shopping, Customer Support, Helpdesk, Order Processing, Quality Monitoring and Audit, Financial Transaction Processing and platform based outsourcing solutions to clients. Some Key Facts: Among the largest and most respected KPO/BPO service providers in Western India and China More than 3500 trained knowledge professionals Multi-location operations covering India, China, Kenya and USA Serving Fortune 500 clients since 2001 ISO 9001 certified operations and quality processes ISO 27001 certified Information Security infrastructure and practices Multilingual staff interacting with respondents/customers across more than 105 countries in 24 international languages State-of-the-art infrastructure with best-in-class technology including hardware, software, connectivity and storage Azure has been the recipient of several international accolades and awards by industry associations as well as clients for performance and service excellence. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details