TITLE: Executive / Sr. Executive - Business Development at Gurgaon

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Objectives: Develop market and awereness viz company products and expand continuously the distribution base. Look for innovative and new ways to distribute product and services Â Take the products and services developed by the Product team to market and provide market feedback viz expectations People Management: Monitor work of the sales team by using daily reports etc. Sales process optimisation Planning & Reporting: Prepare sales plan for the region with detailed budgets and revenue projection Prepare and submit reports to department head with specified timelines defined. e.g. daily sales report, monthly report, quarterly revenue & projection report, Annual BD reportÂ Consolidate and ensure reports are sent by sub ordinates on time and send to department head. Create and keep updated database of potential business clients on the companys sales and marketing portal Key Result Areas: Meeting and exceeding revenue target by product. The target must be accomplished viz quantity and value Expand network of clients Relationship Management Develop and sustain strong, productive customer relationships with schools. Conduct Student & Parent Orientation Programmes. Develope a sales plan for the region (assigned as an individual and for subordinates)Â Brand development : Conduct Student & Parent Orientation Programmes.Â Participation in events such as EDU ConvEx and Championships Ensure event success by maximizing reach and registrations. Salary:INR As per Industry Norms Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Sales Planning Bd Marketing Business Development Distribution Sales Process Region People Management Process Optimization Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Candidate should have minimum 0.6 months to 2 Years of experience in sales & business development.Should be willing to travel & have own vehicle.Should have good communication skills.Candidate should have own vehicle (two wheeler or four wheeler)Freshers are welcomeÂ Company Profile: Planet EDU Planet EDU is a network of specialised educational services & learning facilitation organisations, delivering global educational services since 2001. With a services & delivery network spread over 40 locations working about 1,000 enrolment centres, learning centres, schools and higher education institutions, Planet EDU is amongst the largest provider of International Educational Services and Qualifications including: * Assessment services for schools, adults & teachers * International Teacher training * Secure Examinations and Assessments (Paper based, Computer based & Internet based) * School & Institution improvement and International accreditation * Technology solutions * Examinations management, Content Management, Learner management etc. * Cambridge English Exams and qualifications * Future Readiness Programmes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details