TITLE: Software Developer - C++/shell/perl/algorithm

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - You take pride in your work and have a passion for what you do. - You are eager to work in a fast paced and exciting SW development organization. - You can talk eloquently on a range of topics due to your experiences working with various technologies in and outside of full time employment. - For you it's more than a job. - This is an exciting opportunity for a self-motivated and energetic candidate to work supporting a professional software development organization, and acquire insight into the gaming industry. - This position requires a creative and motivated individual with advanced knowledge of C++, Shell, Perl, Algorithms, Coding. Specifically, an individual in this role will: - Have 5+ years C++ software development experience - Break down user and technical stories into tasks and work on them - Write code comments - Write technical documentation for use by other developers, testers and support personnel - Participate in code reviews and refactoring - Participate in Level 3 support of production environments - Attend daily scrum meetings - Collaborate with team members overseas and on location - Shell, Perl, Algorithms Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Animation / Gaming Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C++ Algorithms Perl Software Development Technical Documentation Software Developer Shell Coding Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Walker Digital Table Systems Walker Digital Table Systems innovates and develops products for the Asian gaming market including the RFID-enabled Perfect Pay networked table system. Perfect Pay is capable of tracking hand outcomes, wagers, payouts and player ratings in real time while delivering the player's preferred live gaming experience featuring physical chips, physical cards and a dealer. With Perfect Pay, casinos can dramatically increase game security and dealer accuracy while minimizing losses from human error, collusion and theft. Other products include Elite Baccarat's(tm) exciting and profitable bets as well as mobile and multi-person gaming solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details