TITLE: Job Opening for Freshers at Kotak Securities Ltd

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for candidate for our Alternate channel sales role Location: Delhi Relationship Manager KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES 1. Will be responsible for sourcing & deepening relationships from existing customer base of Bank customers 2. Will be responsible for selling Equity based investment products to this set of customer base. 3. Should have effective servicing skills and should be excellent in conflict management. 4. Will be responsible to develop business, maximize revenue generation & achieve sales targets 5. Will work in close coordination with the Bank team to ensure all clients acquired from the assigned area, trade actively. 6. Responsible for servicing and generating references from the partner bank Channel customer base. SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE 1. Graduate / Post graduate with minimum 1 year of selling experience/ Fresher 2. Should have good communication & presentation skills. 3. Should be a self-starter, proactive & target oriented. 4. Should possess strong networking & relationship building skills. 5. May have good existing client relationships in the market. 6.Age should not be more than 28years Regards, HRTeam -Kotak Securities Ltd. Â 022 42858420 Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 2,75,000 P.A. KRA based Insentives Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Relationship Management Equity Sales sales Bancassurance Demat demat sales Relationship Building retail liablities channel sales alternate channel sales alternate retail sales Fresher graduate Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Kotak Securities Limited Originally established in 1994, Kotak Securities is a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, which services more than 14 lakh customer accounts. The firm has a wide network of more than 1,255 branches, franchisees representative offices, and satellite offices across 386 cities in India and offices in New York, London, Dubai, Mauritius and Singapore. We process more than 400000 trades a day which is much higher than some of the renowned international brokers. The company is a corporate member of both The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). Our operations include stock broking services for trading in stock markets through branches & internet and distribution of various financial products including investments in IPOs, Mutual Funds and Currency Derivatives. Currently, Kotak Securities is one of the largest broking houses in India with substantial geographical reach to Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and America. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details