TITLE: Urgently Looking for Sales Exe, Store Mgr, FIT Sales, TM Sales 2014 In

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This is forÂ 2014 India's Leading Travel Agency. Job Description 1. Overseeing the entire store operations & achieving the store targets 2. To be the point of contact between Franchisee 3. Timely MIS and Report generation 4. Achieve seasonal targets 5. Ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by closely interacting with customers to understand their requirements. 6. Complaint resolution within specified time frame. 7. Recruitment and training of Franchisee staff 8. Relationship management with customers and key accounts. 9. Highlighting all the major sales promotions at the store 10. Store appearance & cleanliness FIT - 1) Experience of selling customized tours esp International Packages. 2) Minimum 3 years experience in the travel industry Territory Manager - FIT 1) Experience of selling customized tours esp International Packages. 2) Managing the FIT sales of all Franchisee stores in the region. Willing to travel. 3) Minimum 5 years experience in the travel industry. Candidates having good exposure in selling tour can apply. We have position in multiple locations:- Vapi (Gujrat) , Andheri E (Mumbai) , Indore Anand Bazar , Mathura , Noida , Vijaywada , OMR Chennai , Siligudi Ref Code:- SE/FIT/TMFIT-008 Please share your profile at talent@talocity.in Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Tours Travel International Tour selling Group tour selling Domestic group tour selling customize tour selling customize travel selling customize tourism selling customize tour sale customize holidays selling sale Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talocity Talocity is the world's first talent stock exchange providing pre-assessed/ready-to-hire candidates the ease of getting hired, employers the speed of hiring; thereby providing certainty to both so as to enable the concept of view and hire and not interview and hire; all at the click of a button. Just as you would go and buy stocks in a stock exchange, similarly the talent stock exchange allows talent to find the right job post his/her detailed pre-screening schedule (including technical assessment, personality assessment, video interview, HR round, etc) and employer to find the right quality talent, background verified, yes literally at the click of a button. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details