TITLE: Manager/senior Manager - SCM Planning & S&OP - Tyre/fmcg/auto Industry

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have a requirement for Manager/ Sr Manager-Supply Planning & National S&OP Process for our clients, Reputed Tyre Manufacturing company. Location based at plant A Brief about the Job Description Position Title: Manager-Supply Planning (Farm, Commercial) & National S&OP Process Reports to: Head Supply Planning, Logistics & Distribution Primary Purpose of the Position - Lead the Supply Chain process for Farm / Commercial / OTR PBUs. - Developing key measures for Supply Accuracy, Production accuracy ( SKU wise compliances vis-- -vis the production plan) - Drive the S&OP process, responsible for organization S&OP certification - Management of Quality of Inventory - Capacity Balancing with respect to Demand and manging - Delivery RDD & FCDD; Liason on Tube supplies Principle Duties and Responsibilities Lead the Supply Planning process from Ballabgarh Factory including: 1) Ticketing, 2) OE liaison 3) Finished Goods availability 4) Imports and Export Lead the RM Planning & monitoring process including Regional liaison & with Procurement on RM availability: 1) RM planning in line with the S&OP planning 2) Issue bill of material to procurement to plan for RM sourcing 3) RM inventory planning in line with AOP plan Participates in process improvement projects and makes recommendations to improve current IT system, process and distribution architecture. Proactively seeks improvement opportunities within the business proactively during the role. Also responsible for adherence to S&OP process timelines for all businesses including submissions, timelines, S&OP certification, etc. Contributes to the Demand & Distrubution planning processes with the Logistics & Planning team. Lead the RM store team: 1) Following safety, ergonomics and environmental guidelines of the organization 2) Compliance to all organizational documentary requirements & processes. Knowledge & Skills Should have strong knowledge with Advance Planning Optimization tool and Distribution Resource Planning - Must be conversant with Supply Planning, Replenishment systems, Logistics management. - IT knowledge - APO Demand Solution implementation, Distribution Resource Planning, MRPII, sound knowledge in Excel Spreadsheets. - Must have a strong customer orientation - Must be familiar with the Sales and Operations Planning Process. - Must have Working Knowledge of SAP - Must have a good understanding on Inventory Management. - Should be familiar with Supply Chain Cost. - Should be conversant with Fill Rates, On Time & In Full concepts. - Exposure of Industries: FMCG /Tire/Automobile Spare Parts Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Tyres Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Manager Keyskills Logistics Management Supply Chain Procurement Inventory Management Sales Operations Distribution Operations Planning Production Planning Supply Planning Inventory Planning Senior Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Corporate Insight Leading client of Corporate Insight Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details