TITLE: AM/ DM Finanace

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Accounting professional who may handle tax (which includes income tax and service tax) compliance (with bank, RBI, ROC and others), audits (internal, stat and tax), FA accounting, revenue, and lead month end close. Handling a team. Salary:INR 6,50,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Other Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Finance/Budgeting Manager Keyskills Taxation General Accounting Audit & Compliance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: RMS Risk Mangement Solutions India Pvt Ltd About RMS: Did you know there's a 5% chance that a hurricane will cause $60 billion of insured losses next year? And there's a 1% chance that an earthquake will cause $50 billion of insured loss in the next 12 months? We do. At RMS, we build the simulation models that allow insurers and investors to understand portfolio risks due to catastrophes: natural catastrophes (hurricane, earthquake, flood), terrorism, pandemic, and changes in life expectancy. We are one of the most exciting and technologically sophisticated firms you've 'never' heard of, unless you're one of our hundreds of clients in the (re)insurance, banking or hedge fund sector. We lead an industry we helped pioneer and ultimately our work makes a true impact on the world at large. How we understand and manage risk affects everybody and our passion is nothing less than creating a more resilient world through a better understanding of catastrophic events. As we approach our 25th anniversary, we are now evolving our vision by delivering future solutions in the cloud, releasing in 2015 a cutting edge risk management platform 'RMS(one)' for the global risk market. RMS(one) will create a holistic and integrated view across the enterprise with one platform for all models, all points of view, all data. All will be run as equal partners on RMS(one). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details