TITLE: Enterprise Risk Management System Co-ordinator - Manager / Senior Mana

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of your role The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) System co-ordinator will work with the ERM system users including Operational Risk, Compliance and BCM teams across all regions to manage, specify, prioritize and implement business changes and the ongoing service enhancement for the ERM system which will be rolled out in 2016 across the organization worldwide. Key Responsibilities Have a thorough understanding of all ERM system functionality and work strategically with teams in both the first and second line of defence to ensure that all out of the box functionality is used to its greatest impact. Responsible for providing first-line support to the users of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) System. (Risk, Compliance and BCP) including the conduct of user training programs and provide ad-hoc user support as required, Assist users in the design and production of system dashboards and reports, Responsible for ongoing maintenance and administration of the ERM System including the set up and maintenance of security group settings for individuals, teams and departments, Maintaining and updating reference data used within the system including organisational & risk hierarchies, design, setup and maintain ERM workflow rules, ensuring that the specific requirements of the teams and departments are met Coordination of ongoing changes to the ERM system including the co-ordinating a bi monthly stakeholder working group to facilitate ongoing development and change requests, collating and coordinating the prioritisation of system changes proposed by users, liaising with subject matter experts and IT development teams to coordinate implementation & testing of system changes, and project manage ongoing system enhancements and developments to implementation. Experience and Qualifications Required A minimum of 3 years experience in a dedicated risk management capacity or similar role within a financial services organisation. Knowledge of Business Objects and Microsoft Access applications. Experience in liaising with users of a non-IT technical background. Experience with ERM / Risk & Compliance systems is preferable. Strong influencing skills, proven experience and success in identifying key stakeholders and building and maintaining strong relationships. Strong presentation skills with the ability to work effectively with both internal and external clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Flexible and adaptable, responds rapidly to changing business needs. Able to re-prioritise and organise effectively. Excellent attention to detail and ability to understand complex products and processes. Salary:INR 17,00,000 - 25,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Service Delivery Leader Keyskills Project Management Bcp Enterprise Risk Management Operational Risk Business Objects MS Access User Support Financial Services Enterprise Risk Manageme Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Experience and Qualifications Required A minimum of 3 years experience in a dedicated risk management capacity or similar role within a financial services organisation. Knowledge of Business Objects and Microsoft Access applications. Experience in liaising with users of a non-IT technical background. Experience with ERM / Risk & Compliance systems is preferable. Strong influencing skills, proven experience and success in identifying key stakeholders and building and maintaining strong relationships. Strong presentation skills with the ability to work effectively with both internal and external clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Flexible and adaptable, responds rapidly to changing business needs. Able to re-prioritise and organise effectively. Excellent attention to detail and ability to understand complex products and processes Company Profile: FIL India Business Services Pvt. Ltd Fidelity International offers world class investment solutions and retirement expertise. As a privately owned, independent company, investment is our only business. We are driven by the needs of our clients, not by shareholders. Our vision is to deliver innovative client solutions for a better future. Our people are passionate, engaged, smart and curious, and we give them the independence and the confidence to make a difference. While we take pride in the excellence of our investment solutions and client service, we know we can always do better. We are honest, respectful and make tough calls, challenging the status quo to achieve better outcomes through innovation. Above all else, we always put our clients first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details