TITLE: Immediate- IT / Ecommerce Recruiter- Delhi

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgent opening for the position of an IT / E commerce Recruiter with ABC Consultants. The candidate must have the following qualifications to be eligible for the role: IT Recruiter E commerce Hiring Excellent Communication Skills Familiar with IT Technologies like Java, .net, C++, C#, C, HTML, Frameworks. IOS, Android etc Aggressive JOB DESCRIPTION: Analyzing talent trends in the industry giving inputs for IT Industry Mapping at Sectoral and Functional level for Middle and Senior mandates Understanding client brief and sourcing potential candidates Handling complete recruitment life cycle from understanding of client requirement, mapping, initial screening / candidate interaction, meeting / interview scheduling, etc. Sourcing profiles / resumes through multiple sources (head hunting, networking portals, job portals, internal references, etc). Candidate assessment at primary level, based on client requirement Co-ordinate / schedule interviews and follow up Maintain MIS / Trackers / Status reports Assist in Business Development initiatives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills C C++ Java IT Recruitment .Net C# HTML Android IOS Vendor Management J2EE Spring Struts hiberante J2ME recruitment Leadership Hiring executive search industry mapping Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd COMPANY PROFILE Founded in 1969 by Dr Bish Agrawal, ABC Consultants is the pioneer of organised recruitment services in India. Over the years, we have acted as preferred recruitment partners to multinationals and leading Indian businesses to emerge as the leading recruitment brand nationally. This combined with our role as trusted consultants for Indian professionals translates into our core capability - Building Careers, Building Organizations. ABC's roots in management consulting enable us to bring a unique approach to recruitment. Our focus has always been on middle and senior management talent needs. We recruit across various industry segments for multinational corporations as well as leading Indian business houses and in the past 45 years, we have helped shape the careers of over 145,000 professionals. Our organization network includes offices spread across 8 major Indian cities and an international presence in Dubai. We have over 350 consultants who bring with them over 2400 man years of experience with leading Indian and international companies. We operate through domain-specialist teams spread across the country, providing customized recruitment solutions across 16 industry verticals. ABC is proud of its long standing relationships in the industry and the fact that 75% of its revenue comes from its existing clients, which is a testimonial of happy clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details