TITLE: Summer Internship - Sales & Marketing - May/june to July

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "Hiring Sales & Marketing Interns - Shaadi-e-Khas" Stipend: 2,000.00 to 3,000.00 per month Internships duration 8 weeks or 2 months - May/June to July No. of Interns required: 08 (Male & Female) Venue & Contact Details: Shaadi-e-Khas DLF Tower A, Suite No. 518, Jasola, New Delhi 44 careers@veristrat.com, 011-49404905 Job Description: Sales Intern sell a company's products and services.Â As well as approaching potential customers with the aim of winning new business. A sales executive work to maintain good relationships with existing clients, gaining repeat business wherever possible. Conduct high volume prospecting (telemarketing) for qualified leads. Work closely and collaboratively with our Team to develop and implement appropriate prospect communication plans. Work internally with sales management and marketing to ensure proper quality and quantity of demonstrations. Conduct needs assessments calls with specific prospects as assigned. Supporting the marketing manager and other colleagues. Person will have to take action to build the relation with existing client as well, building our client list putting all means of sales like: - Lead Generation, Pitching for the Services, Proposal Making and sales conversion Who can apply? Candidates currently Pursing MBA or Graduation Ability to self-motivate, multi-task and work independently or within a team of peers and partners. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Candidates with additional language skills preferred. Well-developed interpersonal skills and professionalism with a high degree of integrity. Participate fully in meetings, training sessions, individual professional development and skill building. If you or anyone you know is interested in the above position, please revert us back with your resume and following details to take it forward: 1) Updated Profile/Resume. 2) Joining time. 3) Contact Information. Or you can contact us in case of any query at careers@veristrat.com Regards, Bhawna Dubey HR Team Salary:INR Stipend - INR. 2,000 to 3,000.00 per month Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Other Role:Trainee Keyskills Marketing Sales summer interns trainee Fresher and Trainee undergraduate Internship Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Pursuing Graduation/Post graduation.Summer Internship Company Profile: Shaadi-e-Khas Shaadi-e-Khas is an online tool to plan a wedding. This product is gaining momentum in the Indian and Asian wedding industry as the most innovative and user friendly online product in a decade. Shaadi-e-Khas features include wedding website (or a wedsite), e-invites or evites, guest manager, event manager, task reminders and many others. Our product is used by parents, brides and grooms, family and friends who are organizing a wedding. High profile wedding planners and event planners from India, US, UK, Singapore, Thailand, UAE use Shaadi-e-Khas to organize and plan events where every minor detail needs to be executed perfectly. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details