TITLE: Embedded Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities: 1. The Ideal candidate must have natural flair for Electronics Design & Development with decent fusion of Embedded SW skill. 2. He/ She must be a very dynamic, go-getter and dedicated professional with focused approach, positive attitude and the one who loves innovation and enjoys taking up challenges. 3. He / she should also have the abilities to lead a team of young & innovative engineers of the domain and professionally guide them for their projects. TECHNICAL Â 1. The suitable candidate shall have most of the following knowledge / skills/experience: 2. Clear fundamentals of Analog and Digital Electronics. Knowledge of SDLC & HDLC. 3. Hand- On experience of HW designing rules, PCB Layout in Cadsoft Eagle/Altium Designer etc 4. Should have knowledge & experience of designing & development of 8/16 bit Microcontroller based close loop control systems and Arduino Platform. 5. Should be proficient in C / C++. Should have experience in writing low level drivers for microcontrollers. 6. Should have worked with RF devices (WiFi, Zigbee, Zwave, Bluetooth, GSM/ GPRS, etc). 7. Project Requirement Analysis Protocols :- Ethernet, Wi-Fi, USB, Serial interfaces(SPI, I2C, RS485, RS422, RS232) 8. Hands on experience of utlising test equipments like DMM, Oscilloscopes, Logic Analyzer, Function/Signal generator , Solder Station (SMD/DIP). 9. Knowledge about Board Bring Up process. Testing (Integration testing, protocol/Driver testing, etc.) 10. Experience in Embedded C programming, embedded system integration and can develop test cases for the same. 11. Knowledge of IOT Open Source Programming / Development Candidate will be responsible for research & development of M2M/IOT products 12. Candidate will be responsible for end to end embedded system integration. Â OTHERS Â Â Abilities on the following shall be of added advantage: 1. Vendor Interaction 2. Tools Management 3. Project work and time estimation. 4. Team management, Good Communication Skills, Pleasant Personality, Positive Attitude & Highly Creative Key Skills: 1. Healthy knowledge of most of the following: 2. Embedded C / C++. 3. 8/16 bit Microcontrollers 4. Atmel Studio/ Arduino IDE 5. M2M / IOT based development Educational Level Â 1. Must be B.E. / B.Tech Degree in Electronics/ Electronics & Communications 2. M.E./ M. Tech in Digital Communiactions or related Field Working Experience 3.0 5.0 yr of Experience Salary : Befitting best of Industry Standards Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Embedded PCB circuit data atmel avr C Arduino Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Beyond Evolution Beyond Evolution Tech Solutions is a Mobile Apps & IoT solutions Company focused on creating offerings for end consumers in the IoT Space. In IoT domain, we possess expertise in developing end-to-end remote monitoring and customized control solutions for commercial and residential usage. A pioneer in the field of IoT, we specialise in adding value to everyday products, so that they enrich user's experience and overall quality of life. Having initially created Industrial Energy Monitoring Devices that help users wirelessly monitor & control heavy electrical machines we are now gearing up for commercial launch of exciting Consumer-Home IoT products. In the Mobile App space we develop Consumer & Enterprise Apps for leading industry leaders for driving Customer Acquisitions & Engagement. Some of our marquee clients that we developed Apps for include Honda Motors, Softbank, Air India, 91 Mobiles, DDB Mudra etc. We also have knowledge exchange industry partnerships with EU-India & IIT Delhi, for the Future Internet project that allows the team to focus on research alongside product development at the same time helping the company to stay in the forefront of techonolgy. For more information on us visit www.beyondvolution.in What can you expect when you apply? * Quick conversation to understand suitability of your expertise with the our work expectation * Understanding about your professional career path and job expectations What can you expect when you join? * Action packed, high energy work environment * Focus on Innovation & Quality * Involvement in on-going projects to speed up on-job learning * Empowerment, Ownership & accountability * Support for experimentation, research & development * Remuneration at par with Industry standards Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details