TITLE: Email Marketing Specialist - Urgently Required

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Email Marketing Job Description: - 1. Mailing segregations: Run email campaigns focused on traffic, conversions and promotional activity. 2. Constantly drive email database size and quality. 3. Adapt new technologies and services into company's email marketing. 4. Develop trigger based email program targeted towards specific campaigns and events in customer lifecycle. 5. Create email marketing campaigns to promote products or services. Coordination with Creative team. 6. Ensure marketing message is conveyed clearly and delivered properly to prospects. Coordination with Content team. 7. Ensure messages are sent in proper form and template. 8. Get Proofread emails for clarity, grammar, and spelling from Content Team. 9. Develop a personalization strategy. Create database of emails for lead generation. 10. Include persuasive 'call-to-actions' in advertisements and promotions. 11. Track and analyse direct and interactive marketing campaigns. 12. Use statistical analysis and reports to create campaigns. 13. Coordinate and monitor the maintenance, integrity, and security of several databases. 14. Develop and code the list segmentation for all direct and interactive marketing campaigns and communicate requirements to the primary database vendor. Roles & Responsibilities: - 1. Responsible for creating email marketing campaigns to promote a product or service. 2. Determines target audience, devises campaign, and launches email campaign to create buzz or generate leads for the business. 3. Passionate and energetic. 4. Able to work independently once provided high level goals. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Negotiable Salary Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Email Marketing Manager Keyskills Marketing Campaigns Lead Generation Email Marketing internet marketing web marketing online marketing email business development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Square yards Square yards Company Profile: Square yards Square Yards is the fastest growing real estate consulting firm in India. Within a short span of time, Square Yards has become one of the most diversified and trusted real estate consultant in India. It aspires to become the largest Indian advisory firm, and one of top 5 e-commerce player (by revenues) in India; by next year. While India remaining significant part of operations, Square Yards also aims to operate a global network to tap cross border real estate opportunities - to help market International opportunities (Residential/ Alternate Investments/ Commercial and Industrial) to a wider target audience. Square Yards is currently operating in 5 countries, and dealing in real estate asset portfolios for India, US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Canada and UAE. The products range from Student Accommodation in UK to high yield Hotel projects in North Dakota to Farming in Senegal to Factories in Singapore to Equity Share Plans in Europe to Mall Redevelopment in Canada to High Rises in Manhattan, London or Singapore. Square Yards is working with ~350 tier A developers globally to help distribute portfolio of right fit products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details