TITLE: Looking for Full time Assignment Writers - Management/finance/nursing

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this It is difficult to get a good job and that too which interest you, we are having the writing job that you need. If you have passion in writing and researching then you are at the right place. We provide you with the academic writing consultant jobs. Here at our website we have wide range of posts and works for writing consultants who can provide quality research work and guidance. Our jobs are ideal for Management/Finance/Nursing graduated, part time workers and others who want to work on academic field. Please fill up the questionnaire form that is provided mainly for this purpose and we will contact you soon, if you pass our criteria. Also don't forget to select the subjects you are able to provide writing consultancy. We receive academic projects, assignments and dissertations that need to completed based on some basic criteria. These are from universities located in Australia, UK and US. The job would require you to work on similar lines as you do for your academic projects along with following three extremely important criteria : No Plagiarism, Referencing & Deadlines. Desired Candidate: The candidate will work from home on a full-time basis or can work in office for 8 HRS of flexible timings. He/She will remotely be available on Skype/Phone/Email during working hours. He will collaborate with internal editors and account managers on project requirements. Academic writers should understand Harvard /APA/MLA/Chicago formats Should understand the UK academic writing Good command over the English Language Impeccable grammar and punctuation Can work from anywhere across India Can devote 6-7 hours daily to writing. Please send you applications to career@tutorversal.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills writer Academic writer content writer Business Management Finance Accounting Management nursing Content Writing Content Development assignment writing assignment written assignment content developer assignment content writer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance, Information Technology, International Business, Other Management Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Tutor Versal TutorVersal (www.tutorversal.com) is one of the leading academic consultancy firm providing assistance to students studying abroad (Mainly in Australia, USA, UK etc.). Having a team of highly experienced professional subject matter experts. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details