TITLE: Manager - Pharmacy

SKILLS: Medical

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To actively participate in the creation of the pharmacy formulary. To develop pharmacy auditing tools. To ensure smooth pharmacy operations at the facility. To actively arrange for training of pharmacists/ team members. To manage vendor or development maintain relationship with vendors/ manufacturers. To identify skill, competency levels of subordinates and work for continuous resource development. To manage inventory ensure availability of all stocks at pharmacy keeping the inventories low. To ensure non moving and expiry stock management. To maintain update knowledge on new drugs and medical supplies. To ensure compliance of pharmacy with licensing and certification needs. To coordinate with physicians, advise and provide information on new drugs and products. To regularly plan marketing/promotional activities for the department. To ensure achievement of strategic objectives - revenue, cost and service. To provide price and market linked information to MSD. To be well groomed, punctual & adhere to company policies and practices. To have complete orientation of QMS and EMS system of Hospital. To have complete Awareness about Disaster Management Programme (DMP) of the hospital. To Comply with the service quality Process, environmental & occupational issues & policies of the respective area To Comply with patient safety policy To ensure safe utilization of equipments and proper waste disposal system. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Medical , Healthcare , R&D , Pharmaceuticals , Biotechnology Role Category:Medical Professional Role:Paramedic Keyskills Promotions Stock Management Service Quality Disaster Management Inventory Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Pharma - Pharmacy, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Max Healthcare Institute Ltd-Saket Max Healthcare Institute Ltd-Saket Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details