TITLE: Urgent Opening for Dealer - Delhi

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1) Communicating intra-day trading calls and investing ideas to customers. 2) Monitoring day to day operations at Branch. 3) Maintaining regular relations with clients. 4) Individually operate NSE / BSE terminals. 5) Thorough knowledge of all NSE / BSE rules & regulations and Compliance. 6) Ability to advise the clients from time to time based on the research advices. Generating Brokerage and volume to the Branch. 7) To trade for the clients, keeping them informed about rates , research information , and market outlook , order & trade details and confirmations. 8) Identify and develop new streams for equity revenue growth and maintaining cordial relationship with existing clients. 9) Client Acquisition, 10) Opening D-Mat Account, 11) Expand the Client Base by appointing various new clients, Developing Relationship with HNI clients and Generating leads through References. 12) Achieve laid down budgets w.r.t revenue generation and client activation Interested candidates kindly send resumes to rejo.george@sbicapsec.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Customer Service Executive Keyskills Bse Dealing Revenue Generation Lead Generation Client Acquisition HNI Client Handling BCCD NCFM BCSM dealer equity dealer trading broking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SBICAP Securities Limited We are proud of our lineage. SBICAP Securities Ltd (SSL) is the broking arm of the State Bank Group and a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI Capital Markets Ltd. SSL commenced operations in the first quarter of financial year of 2006-2007 with a view to providing primary and secondary capital market access to investors both within the Group as also in the wider public domain. SSL seeks to become a leading financial intermediary, having a diversified customer base, broad range product offerings and State-of- the-Art execution and servicing capabilities and believes that financial inclusion can be achieved in Capital markets through affordable institutionalised, professional set ups that bring transparency and reliability to the table. The Company currently has in its fold a wide segment of clients including Banks, Financial Institutions, FIIs, Mutual Funds, Corporates, High Networth Individuals, Non-Resident Indians and Retail domestic investors. Its broking product range covers Institutional and Retail Equity, Derivativesi, Depository Participant services, On-Line trading and a wide variety of Third Party Distribution products. SSL is registered with the Securities Exchange Board of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details