TITLE: Sr. Microsoft MDS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interested one's can mail their CV at career@nuxtor.com Requirements: -> Strong experience working with Microsoft Master Data Services. -> Experience with Microsoft SQL Server 2014 or 2016. -> Experience developing interfaces to and from Microsoft Master Data Services. -> Master Data Services includes the following components and tools: -> Need to have strong experience in Master Data Services Configuration Manager, tool use to create and configure Master Data Services databases and web applications. -> Need to have strong experience in web application and perform administrative tasks (like creating a model or business rule), and that users access to update data. -> Need to have experience in MDSModelDeploy.exe, to create packages model objects and data to be deploy in other environments. -> Need to have experience in Master Data Services web service, to extend or develop custom solutions for Master Data Services. -> Need to have experience with the Master Data Services Add-in for Excel Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MS SQL Server Interfaces Web Application Web Technologies Configuration Management Master Data master data management mdm microsoft Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nuxtor Solutions Pvt. Ltd. NUXTOR is a robust IT services company that helps businesses to change the way they do business by becoming more transparent, leveraging on new sources of data, and furthering the "anytime, anyplace" collaborative style. Nuxtor enables global industry to realize "collaborative thinking" that involves the company and its customers. As your comprehensive IT resource partner, we help you in fine-tuning business strategy, accelerating business operations, and imparting a competitive edge to your business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details