TITLE: Manager - BI Analytics, Noida

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 7-9 years of experience in advanced analytics experience to fill a Managerial position in Service Delivery Department - BIA (Business Intelligence and Analytics) group within a cross-functional team. It is possible for the process manager to work on multiple projects within the group. The role provides an opportunity to utilize analytical methodologies to understand client requirements, design, develop, deliver and support high quality and efficient analytical solutions catering to client needs. The goal of the Service Delivery department is to improve each customers lifetime value and customer equity. Essential Job Functions: The individual should have an ability to understand and carry out the allocated tasks and responsibilities in a timely and consistent manner and deliver results. - Identify business needs and gather requirements for data analysis or deployment of already existing BI tools. Effectively manage client relationships in order to maintain and grow their existing business to ensure revenue generation - Develop and implement advanced analytics techniques such as linear and logistic regression models, predictive analytics, factor and cluster analysis, segmentation etc. on projects; BI knowledge would be preferred. - Must impart domain expertise and possess team handling skills, Attrition control and provide motivation to his team members to ensure overall business growth ; ownership of the account, Process adherence / Compliance, Team performance, Passion for work Excellence - Flexible with 24*7 shifts Necessary Skills: - Excellent people management, client management, business communication & presentation skills Proficient with all MS office Tools (Expertise in PPT, Advanced Excel) - Exceptional analytical skills, proven ability to provide business inputs to the business users; Proficiency in hands-on analytical model development, predictive analytics, statistical analysis techniques. BI tools & technologies skill sets would be an added advantage. - Should have hands on experience on spend analytics and handling unstructured data analytics- text, email/chat & voice and sentiment analytics. Must have worked on analytical tools such as SAS, SAS Miner, SPSS, R and visualization tool Tableau, SAS - Strong knowledge of any database. Oracle, SQL Server would be preferred - Should possess excellent communication skills, ability to present business recommendations and insights to top leadership Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Analytics & BI Role:Analytics Manager Keyskills Data Analytics SAS SPSS Data Mining Predictive Modeling Cluster Analysis logistic regression model linear regression Data Extraction Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ANRI SOLUTIONS HR SERVICES PVT LTD ANRI Solutions HR Services Pvt. Ltd. is a Delhi based leading employment expert, offering a full range of options to help businesses and individuals choose their way in the contemporary world of work. We employ large number of people every day through a network of our employees providing effective staffing for our esteemed clients. With employment opportunities in the public and private sector, on both permanent and temporary basis, we make it easy for people to find employment and for companies to find staff with the skills they need. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details