TITLE: Game Developer (unity game Engine) - Start up

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Highly Passionate Unity Developer for a gaming Startup based in New Delhi Join us as an UnityDeveloper and help us to shape the future of the software Industry. You will be working in a playground environment and a close-knit working space. Requirement : - Develop social, entertainment & game apps for iOS and Android platforms primarily using the Unity3D engine. - Write clean, well documented and efficient code in C# while overcoming the challenges that are unique to mobile development. - 1 year experience with the Unity3D engine using C# (Freshers can also apply) - Show examples of completed mobile (iOS or Android) projects using the Unity3D engine - Full understanding of OOP principles and experience with multiple languages - Experience implementing 3rd party APIs (plugins) to interface with Unity - Experience with graphics and optimizations in real time 3D environments - Effectively communicate with other developers, artists, project managers and producers Also Keen to work with an early stage Startup - Can even work alone in a project - A self starter with high ownership levels; someone who does not expect hand holding - A strong team player - Comfortable in an ambiguous environment Compensation & perks - Competitive salary. However, do not apply if you want to join just for the money. - Equity on offer if / when we absolutely love you - Pleasure of working with a kick ass team And, of course, Party with us every Saturday (we a booze drinkers, pot- smokers and what not) :) This is a Career opportunity not just a random job offer so serious and fun loving people are always welcome. Skills : Software Development, Mobile Games, Game Development, Unity3D, C Sharp, Scripting Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills C Android Mobile Development Gaming IOS Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Daphnis Labs Mobile app and game studio having more than 18 million cumulative downloads across all their apps and games.Also consulting more than a dozen startups in US, Australia, UK, India, Germany, Finland, Sweden, Netherlands in their product development tasks. Having Super happy clients and customers who love our customer service and dedication to work :) Boot strapped and loving it. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details