TITLE: Assistant Team Lead/team Lead- North (punjab/haryana/up/rajasthan)

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Multiple Locations:Â Haryana (Bahadurgarh, Hisar, Kaithal, Karnal, Narnaul, Panipat, Rohtak, Yamuna Nagar) Punjab (Abohar, Ambala, Barnala, Bathinda, Faridkot, Chandigarh, Firozpur, Jagraon, Jalandhar, Jammu, Kapurthala, Khanna, Ludhiana, Malout, Moga, Mukhtsar, Nawanshahr, Pinjore, Rajkot, Rajpura, Sangrur, Shimla, Tarn Taran Sahib) Rajasthan (Ajmer, Alwar, Beawer, Ganganagar, Hanuman garh, JhunJhunu, Jodhpur, Pali, Palani, Sikar, Udaipur) Uttar Pradesh ( Allahabad, Aligarh, Dehradun, Gorakhpur, Haridwar, Hathras, Mathura, Rampur, Roorkee) Assistant Team Lead: 1. Responsible for managing logistics operations, inbound and outbound of shipments/ operations of DC. 2. Ensures quality check of all shipments/bags and ensures zero missing shipments in value and numbers. 3. Maintains duty roster of Field Executives, does pickups & deliveries, NDC calling and reverse logistics 4. Provides accurate & timely feedback and participates in continuous improvement initiatives related to employee, team & operational targets. 5. Perform extended duties of Team Lead in his absence as per the business requirement and also promote a security focused, safe work environment 6. Supports the Team Lead by performing a range of analytical & administrative duties including collation, analysis & distribution of confidential operational information 7. Contributes to departmental cost controls by using agreed methods & tools to effectively monitor the usage of defined resources (equipment, supplies, overtime etc.) 8. Develops and maintains an effective network of contacts within Delhivery, who can facilitate & influence problem resolution & goal achievement. Team Lead: 1. Responsible for managing end to end logistics operations, inbound and outbound of shipments/ operations of DC. 2. Adheres to pre-defined procedures and plans effective routes and vehicle deployment with maximum utilization of resources. 3. Ensures quality check of all shipments/bags and ensures zero missing shipments in value and numbers. 4. Creates duty roster of Field Executives, manages the pickups, NDC calling and reverse logistics 5. Manages team effectively and handles all queries related to attendance, fuel etc. 6. Provides accurate & timely feedback and participates in continuous improvement initiatives related to employee, team & operational targets. 7. Continually monitors and promotes a security focused, safe work environment 8. Supports the Manager by performing a range of analytical & administrative duties including collation, analysis & distribution of confidential operational information plus creating & updating computerized and manual records whilst complying with ISO and regulatory standards. 9. Contributes to departmental cost controls by using agreed methods & tools to effectively monitor the usage of defined resources (equipment, supplies, overtime etc.) 10. Develops and maintains an effective network of contacts within Delhivery, who can facilitate & influence problem resolution & goal achievement. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,25,000 P.A Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Warehouse Operations Logistics Management inbound logistics outbound logistics WMS warehouse management inbound and outbound inward outward supply chain management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Delhivery Delhivery is India's leading e-commerce fulfillment company, where we use technology to drive supply chain solutions. Delhivery provides an array of products and services for online businesses - including online channel integration services, sourcing, catalogue management, inventory management, multi-city fulfillment, express shipping, same day delivery services, reverse logistics, offline payment collection and processing, customer support, social media engagement and channel analytics. 5 years into the industry, Delhivery handles over 250,000 shipments per day for over 100,000+ merchants, 25000 clients and 1800+ retailers across 450+ cities. We provide a modular set of e-commerce technologies and logistics solutions to over 5000+ pin codes. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details