TITLE: Manager Business Development Brand Realty Services Ltd

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description for Manager - Business Development Selling Properties at Noida,& Gurgaon Â to Individuals and Investors. Achieving Sales targets in selling the residential apartments Follow ups with the existing clients for references and in providing good appreciation. Strategic sales Business Development, Revenue Generation. Client Presentation/ Relations Prompt Responsiveness on Sales Enquires so as to Maximize Sales conversions. * To consistently evaluate market trends and competitor moves to protect existing sales and maximize future sales opportunities Reviewing own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets. * Identify new markets and business opportunities. Responsible for Revenue generation by doing sales & marketing activities & able to sell the new projects . NOTE: Only real estate people need to apply. Conveyance is must. Salary:INR 3,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Achievement Business Development Management Marketing Selling Revenue Generation Strategy Follow Ups New Projects client handling Revenue Planning core sales sales & marketing new project management new projects sell Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Brand Realty Services Ltd BRAND REALTY came into being in early 2006, with an aim to build a team of Specialists and Top performing Real Estate Advisors who offer quality Real Estate services in a market which is flooded with unorganized players.. The main promoter of the company, Mr. Kamal Manchanda, a graduate from IIT, conceived the idea of building a team of quality Real Estate professionals and creating a hub of organized Real Estate consulting services. The promoters have had extensive experience of over 20 years in Investment Advisory business, Retail chain development, Real Estate investments and developments. Mr. Kamal Manchanda, has in the recent past, played important roles for the leading brands - CafÃƒÂ© Coffee Day, Way2Wealth and Assotech. BRAND REALTY is a Network of Real Estate professionals who provide a complete gamut of Real Estate services which includes Buying and Selling of Residential, Commercial, Industrial and Institutional properties, Commercial and Retail leasing, Consultation and Advisory services and assistance in Home loans etc. Each BRAND REALTY ADVISOR works under a strict Code of Ethics and offers a comprehensive, no-excuses approach that builds trust and delivers results. BRAND REALTY ADVISORS are seen as Experts and Specialists in their fields and they are backed by a team of youthful and energetic young professionals from the field of Sales, Marketing, Human resource (HR), Customer relations, Legal, Training and Finance, contributing their best in their own fields. The Real Estate professionals from the company work with the aim to become the most trusted Advisors of their clients by always acting in the best interests of the clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details