TITLE: Opening in General Insurance - Business Analyst, Gurgaon

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi I would like to share a job opening with leading General Insurance Company for the profile of Business Analyst. Role - Assistant Manager / Manager Location - Gurgaon CTC - 6 LPA - 10 LPA Exp - 3 Years to 8 Years Here is the JD - Analysis of Business Requirement Docs, System study, GAP analysis & Impact analysis. Analysis of various change requests raised by customers for enhancement in the Point IN & Agency Link Software. Analysis of the Production Issues (inquiries/queries) raised by clients and document them using our business requirements templates and determine their relevance and impact as per our system. Taking care of requirement gathering for Small Enhancement Projects. Developing Test Matrices &Testing Guidelines and creating testing documentation for Client to perform acceptance testing. Experienced in User Acceptance Testing(UAT), Smoke Testing, Regression Testing, Integrated System Testing and Functional Testing& Quality Assurance testing (QAT) of enhancements. Involved in KSS and training new BAs joining the project in terms of system functionality (rating, forms, database and other core policy administration areas) and Line of Business (LOB) specific knowledge. Experienced to end to end Insurance processes which includes Quotations, Underwriting, Policy administration, and Claims. Definition of insurance products in Product Designer for Genisys Configurator based on business requirement. Activities include identification and configuration of various fields, Benefits covered in the product, premium calculation for differentbenefits etc. Experienced to development of various products like Health, Personal Accident, Various Package Products, Marine Cargo, Engineering EAR, CAR, MBD, Fire SFSP, IAR, Liability and Motor and implementation into Genisys Configurator. If feel interested, kindly share your updated resume at puja.chaudhary@greenthumbs.in Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Life Insurance/Financial Services Role:Insurance Analyst Keyskills Requirement Gathering Gap Analysis Product Design General Insurance UAT User Acceptance Testing Functional Testing System Study Regression Testing Business Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Green Thumbs Business Analyst - General Insurance Recruitment Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details