TITLE: US Recruitment- Across Levels(3-9 Years)

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Prospance Inc Prospance Inc. is an IT services and products company. The company provides project implementation, outsourcing services to engineering and IT organizations. The company has set new frontiers in the SAP implementation space and is now committing its resources to help customers improve their experience interacting with corporate business applications. Headquarters 46705 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA94538 United States Website http://www.prospanceinc.com/ Industry Information Technology and Services Company Size 201-500 employees Founded 2009 Positions opened : IT recruiter. Sr IT Recruiter, Lead Recruiter or Team LeadÂ Job Timing : PST timing(8 PM to 5 AM) Job Location : JP Nagar , Bangalore. Interested candidates please email across your updated resumes at angana.p@prospanceinc.com Kind Regards, Angana Phone: 8880177738 Email: angana.p@prospanceinc.com | Website: www.prospanceinc.com Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills US Recruitment Team Leading US Recruiting us staffing W2 C2C US recruiter 1099 Desired Candidate Profile Knowledge on US Recruiting. Knowledge on W2/1099/Corp to CorpShould have worked on Direct clients requirements. Should be aware of the latest technologies. Adequate Knowledge of SDLC Sense of Urgency Sense of Responsibility Excellent communication. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Prospance Infotech Private Limited Prospance Inc. is an IT services and products company. The company provides project implementation, outsourcing services to engineering and IT organizations. The company has set new frontiers in the SAP implementation space and is now committing its resources to help customers improve their experience interacting with corporate business applications. Headquarters 46705 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA94538 United States Website http://www.prospanceinc.com/ Industry Information Technology and Services Company Size 201-500 employees Founded 2009 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details