TITLE: Campus Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Plan and coordinate company fairs, on campus company information session. Campus Recruiters will be responsible for campus branding. Maintaining and continuing relationship with the colleges even after recruitment. Analysis of top prospects through pre- screening and pre- visit in campuses. To maintain effective relationship with placement personnel, Â contact with placement director. Develop and maintain relationship with academic faculty, students, campus relation partners. Campus recruiter will be engaged in fixing campus drives, Â presentation, handling queries, selecting right talent and releasing offer. Association with hosting on campus activities including scheduling and conducting interview. Analysis of progress and result at assigned school, identify best practices and strategize for future recruitment. Conduct pre placement talks, guest lectures, workshops, pre visit activities. Keeping a track on college candidates and maintaining a assessment report. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills Campus Hiring campus talent acquisition campus recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations, Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Oxigen Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. Oxigen Wallet (OW) is a mobile payments company that allows users to send and receive money through different channels like Facebook, WhatsApp, pay for utility services and shop at online & offline merchants. OW is India's first mobile wallet to be live on IMPS (Immediate Payment Service) platform of the NPCI, which enables 24X7 instant money transfers to any bank account in India. But we are not stopping here - we plan to revolutionize mobile payments in India and we need rockstars to join us in realizing that vision! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details