TITLE: SMBC - Assistant Manager - Regulatory Reporting.

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The ideal incumbent would be responsible for preparation of Regulatory (RBI) Returns which is quite exhaustive and comprehensive in nature , helping the team on monitoring Budgets and Accounting. Apart from the above: Responsible for Regulatory Reporting and for preparing the RBI Reports for Bank Branch ( Basel III , Leverage Ratio , DSB Returns , Form A , Form X etc ). Responsible for Regulatory Reports of other departments and to coordinate with the other departments for requisite data required to prepare regulatory returns in aÂ timely manner. To prepare adhoc RBI reports besides the regular returns like reports required by RBI during Annual Inspection and Quarterly discussions. Creation of MIS / Data back up for preparing the regulatory reports. To work closely with Third Party Vendors for the Development and Implementation of ADF ( Automated Data Flow ) i.e RBI reporting software. To coordinate with RBI for obtaining different User ID's and passwords required for filling different reports. Monitoring and Controlling Annual Budgets. To help other team members on Accounting and Tax related matters. To prepare responses to adhoc queries of RBI. To assist in the preparation of Annual Statutory Accounts. Preparing Bank reconciliation on a daily basis including Nostro Accounts. Specifications: Post Graduate in Management form a Reputed Institute ( OR ) Qualified CA / CFA. Work Ex : 1 - 2 years + of Post Qualification Work Experience in Banking or with a reputed Chartered Accountancy firm , having exposure to Regulatory ReportingÂ ( or ) 3 - 4 Years + of Experience , post PG with aÂ Corporate Bank or a Financial Services Organization. Atleast a year's hands - on experience in preparing Regulatory Reports. Special Skills Required : Good in MS Excel & MS Word. Good in Communication Skills. Ability to understand and interpret RBI notifications / master circulars. Understanding of the Financial statements of the Bank. If the above suits your profile , kindly share your CV via the APPLY Button. Â Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Finance/Budgeting Manager Keyskills Accounting Finance Taxation Financial Statements Third Party Regulatory Reporting Financial Services Bank Reconciliation Communication Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, CA, CS, ICWA(CMA), M.Com - Commerce, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC) was established in April 2001 through the merger of two leading banks: The Sakura Bank, Limited, and The Sumitomo Bank, Limited. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., was established in December 2002 through a stock transfer as a bank holding company, and SMBC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SMFG. In March 2003, SMBC merged with the Wakashio Bank, Ltd. SMBC's competitive advantages include a strong customer base, the quick implementation of strategies, and an extensive lineup of financial products and services that leverage the expertise of strategic Group companies in specialized areas. SMBC, as a core member of SMFG, works together with other members of the Group to offer customers highly sophisticated, comprehensive financial services. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details