TITLE: Senior Graphic Designer

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Discuss and understand business objectives; and accordingly design online / retail campaigns. Also, should be able to test out the efficiency / performance of the campaigns that are live, and be able to make changes in order to optimize the same Should have a good knowledge of different fonts and must exhibit a strong inclination towards typographical experimentations. should be well versed with concepts such as kerning, leading, etc Should think creatively to produce new ideas Use innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time Presenting finalized ideas and concepts to various teams (marketing, new initiatives, etc) Being able to collaborate with photographers (mostly fashion) to conceptualize and execute shoots for fashion campaigns Should be able to oversee the design work being done by the junior design resources and guide them accordingly. Therefore, prior experience in heading a design team is strongly recommended Should be able to proofread copy to minimize errors and typographical mistakes. Therefore, a strong base in language and grammar is a must. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Creative Role:Graphic Designer Keyskills Design Graphic Designing visualiser Art Director visualiser designing creative director creative vp creative head Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, Fine Arts, Other Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum of 5-8 years of experience in graphic designing Must have a good knowledge of Adobe design tools (Photoshop, Illustrator etc.) Must be up-to-date in with the latest trends in fashion, eyewear, graphic design, arts etc. (popular culture) Company Profile: Lenskart Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Lenskart is India's fastest growing optical business. The company was co-founded in 2010 by Peyush Bansal, Amit Chaudhary & Sumeet Kapahi to provide Vision to India. 1/3rd of India's population today needs vision correction and only 25% of those in need wear specs. Lenskart was founded in 2010 with a vision to solve this problem of eye wear and be the Numero Uno eyewear provider in India. With technology integration into the eyewear vertical, and keeping a deep focus on consumer happiness, Lenskart has grown more than 200% Year on Year in the last 2 years to be among the top 3 Optical Retail businesses of India today. With an employee strength of over 1200 employees, the company is continuing to grow 15% month on month, and changing the landscape of Indian Eyewear with its very unique services and products such as: * Buying specs online with "Virtual Try On" * Home Eye Checkup service in 7 cities with over 300+ eye checkups every day at consumer's houses * 60 Click & Mortar Stores pan India (including tier 2 and 3 cities) as centers for people to get their * eyes checked and book orders online as well as get their post-sale adjustments done * Network of Affiliate Doctors who place orders for their consumers online on the Lenskart platform Majority of the Lenskart eye-frames and prescription lenses are designed in-house and come to consumer directly from manufacturing to retail. Post a spectacle order is received, each frame is individually fitted with the respective prescription in company's own in-house state-of-the-art (first in India) manufacturing facility before it is dispatched. By owning the process end to end, company not only provides 1 year warranty on all products sold but also a significant 50% price benefit over any other optical chain in India. When in 2011, the company was selling 30 specs a day online Lenskart raised its first round of funding of USD 3.3Million from IDG Ventures India (IDGVI). In 2013, when the company was selling nearly 200 specs online per day, Ronnie Screwvala led Unilazer Ventures, along with IDG again, invested around USD 8 Million in the company. Today, when Lenskart is making nearly 2000 specs a day- shipped pan India and, has so far shipped over 10 Lac specs across the country. The company has recently raised Private equity investment from TPG Growth of 22 million USD to fulfill its vision to be India's Number One eyewear provider by 2016 A little bit about the team and culture: Young passionate team Very numerate and focused on Analytics 60 people Tech team in Delhi Recently opened a tech office in Bengaluru also Experimentative and Jet Speed Execution Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details