TITLE: Sr HR Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a Sr HR Manager for our Noida office. The candidate must have proven 10 plus years of experience in running an HR department for a US IT Staffing Company. Working hours are 6.30 PM 3.30 AM IST. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Recruitment: o Look after the recruitment process for Indian internal positions and coordinating with team members in discussion the job descriptions for different positions. o Short Listing candidates after first round of interview and coordinating in arranging in person interviews with recruitment manager. Joining formalities: o To look after the documentation & other related formalities like background verification of candidates o To coordinate for Induction, training and development of new employees Core HR work: o Issuing confirmation letter, appraisal letter and related docs to employees o Coordination with accounts department for Payroll processing o To review & maintain the employee records & other documents in shape electronically as per the Federal requirements on FTP(File Transfer Protocol) o Employee welfare activities like birthday cake and trips organized on frequent basis o To coordinate with the higher management for employee issues & their grievances. o To act as a Point of contact for escalation of issues related to the HR & Admin to the HR Manager at the company headquarters. Exit and separation: o To issue relieving docs (i.e. experience letter, relieving letter) to employees US Onboarding: o Help the Staff in onboarding US employees by conducting BG checks and gathering all the necessary paper work. o Preparing Contracts and Offer letters. o Preparing necessary Monthly reports. Pls reply with your Resume, Availability and Salary expectation. Salary:INR Not a constraint for the right candidate Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills Recruitment Management HR Administration Induction Employee Welfare Payroll Processing Joining Formalities Grievance Handling Human Resource Management Training US IT Staffing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations, Information Technology, International Business Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Samiti Technology Inc. Samiti Technology is a Software Development and Consulting Services company providing services since 1998. We provide services for enterprises that rely on integrating their IT infrastructure with their content to enable them to maintain a competitive advantage. At Samiti Technology, we emphasize long-term, value added relationships with a commitment to understand our client's business needs. By leveraging proven industry experience and expertise, we concentrate on the economics of technology, aiming to manage resources and dollars for our clients. We provide advice and solutions to our clients that are product, platform and technology independent. Whether it involves providing onsite-consulting services or developing customized software solutions on-site or offshore, Samiti Technology continuously transforms its expertise into productivity gains for its clients. Samiti Technology with a large pool of IT consultants and developers have acquired tacit knowledge over many years and use specialized tools and techniques to deliver any project assignment for the customer. The IT Staffing/Consulting Services of Samiti Technology provides Contract and Permanent resources to its customers for e-Business, Client Server, ERP, Legacy and Networking areas. The IT Solutions Services deliver the entire spectrum of the software application from inception to deployment by providing cross-platform skills and knowledge to execute all phases of system development life cycle. Led by individuals with multiple years of experience, Samiti Technology has the expertise and bandwidth to deliver top-quality Technology Solutions. By integrating the right mix of technology, consultants, skills and industry knowledge, Samiti Technology helps its customers develop capabilities needed to stay ahead in the global market place. Backed by sound business fundamentals and acumen, as well as a clear focus on customer satisfaction, Samiti Technology has nurtured relationships with a long list of satisfied customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details