TITLE: Wind & Site Engineer

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position: Wind & Site Engineer & TL Education: An engineering graduate or equivalent relevant experience/professional development in the field of engineering (any discipline, Masters degree level preferred) Experience: 4-6 years Required professional experience 2 to 5 years relevant experience Relate industry experience to current work tasks taking on board new engineering methods, tools and tasks as applicable Previous experience of working in a Wind engineer / Analysis role, and knowledge of relevant industry software such as WindPRO / WASP, is highly desirable. Continually build industry knowledge base and discuss with and share with peers Aware of health and safety standards and the implementation of safe practices as applied to all roles Tasks *Responsible for providing engineering to the Sales & project management organization and Senvion customers *Providing expert advice on site suitability, layout optimization, yield prediction, product choice, power curve guarantees, sound power level guarantees, *Managing technical risks and implementing technical solutions to ensure that profits are maximized for the Senvion Group Responsibilities *Responsibility on all engineering related aspects throughout sales and execution phase *Regular communication and alignment on project related topics with internen/ externen customers and stakeholders *No staff supervision, *no budget responsibility Main tasks Market requirements analyses and creation of development requests to ensure good product fit today and in future Conduct site suitability and performance optimized assessments for potential, and if required, existing sites. This includes assessing the site layout, topography, wind and environmental conditions (wind speed, shear, temperature, turbulence, density, etc.) and the relevant product parameters in a wind industry standard assessment package (Wind Pro / WASP). In depth technical analysis is required for site assessment activities using wind assessment packages, probability forecasting (e.g. for extreme winds) and for further calculations, all of which results in a detailed technical report and set of recommendations for each site. Provide expert advice to customers, both internal and external, on the details of the optimization for windfarm sites in order to maximize sales and return During each project the Engineer will liaise with customers to retrieve and assess site data, filter and analyses the relevant information and write site suitability reports recommending the viability of a project. These reports are delivered to Senvion HQ as part of the loading assessment process (as required). As part of the Sales phase activities, the engineer will provide an analysis of competitors products, for a given project if required, to assist the Sales team in contract negotiations with customers. Relevant technical conferences will be attended to increase knowledge and skills. This may also involve taking part in the technical working groups both internally and externally (such as relevant technical committees) Provide expertise on wind turbine control solutions concerning turbine power curve, sound management and load management to ensure solutions are provided to customers that enhance Senvion's competitive advantage. The engineer will also ensure that project parameters in the Sales / design phase are implemented as designed in the project completion and operational phases. The engineer, for a given project and part of a wider technical project team, is responsible for addressing wind and site technical queries during contract negotiation phase, project delivery phase and operational phase. This activity will also include reviewing and agreeing the relevant technical details in a contract and documenting risks and providing solutions and mitigation's as required Lead and assess the technical aspects of power performance guarantees and performance measurements for an allocated project. This may include the application and assessment of IEC 61400-12 testing criteria and the use of SCADA analysis software. Lead and assess the technical aspects of sound power guarantees and acoustics and performance measurements in the EU North hub, for an allocated projects. This may include the application and assessment of IEC 61400-11 testing criteria and the relevant in country planning regulations Analyse and track the accuracy of modelling predictions (e.g. P50, wind driven risk indicators, expected power performance) using operational performance and SCADA data in order to support the Service department, validate models and improve existing techniques When required work with other technical departments in Senvion to ensure an efficient and coordinated engineering service is provided and is constantly improved. This may involve acting as Technical Lead on some projects. Instigate and coordinate product development requests. This will include liaising with departments to ensure developments are correctly prioritized, and then closely monitoring progress to ensure developments are delivered on time and in accordance with the relevant processes. Execute technical non conformity projects to resolve issues delaying or preventing take over. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:R&D Role:R&D Executive Keyskills WRA Wind Resource Assessment Windpro WASP Wind Energy Wind Power Wind Turbine Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Specific required skills*Experience of working in the Renewable Energy Sector (particularly wind) would be advantageousTrainings:*Sales & project Engineering Expert Training (LC Trainings Guide)*Grid Connection Light Training (LC Trainings Guide)*SCADA Light Training (LC Trainings Guide)*W&S Light Training (LC Trainings Guide)*Training on Project Engineering Process & related tools *Norms & Standards IT Skills:*MS Office*WindPRO / WASP*Plan viewLanguage skills & Other:Fluent in English - written and spokenExcellent planning, time management skills and a proactive approachStrong data quality and analytical skills.High level of technical report writing skills is essentialA detailed understanding of wind turbine systems in a commercial environmentStrong interpersonal skills and communication skills, both verbal and written are essentialAbility to prioritise to complete tasks to required timescalesParticipation in engineering communities is part of the role; to share information and best practice across the Project Engineering communityMaintain effective working relationships within the team and wider organisationAbility to communicate appropriate to the situation and present contents in a clear, understandable and target oriented manner. Company Profile: ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd A German MNC into Wind Energy We are hiring for a German MNC into Wind Energy. The company with a global headquarter in Hamburg Germany. It is the leading international manufacturers of onshore and offshore wind turbines. All across the globe, the engineering company is developing, constructing and distributing wind turbines. The power ratings of turbines range from 2 MW to 6.15 MW with rotor diameters between 82 and 152 meters. They have more than 3,600 employees worldwide. They are pioneers in client servicing by providing Project Specific Solutions in the areas of: * Wind farm engineering * Service and maintenance of Towers * Foundation, Transport and Installation of towers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details