TITLE: Web Designer & Graphic Designer (work Timings--6:30 pm - 3:30 am IST)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Duties: Understand and conceptualize clients design requirement, turn it into the reality on their website designing projects via email or verbal communication with client Act as a project manager and maintain strong communication with clients and other project stakeholders Make managerial decisions whenever required and act as a team player by providing excellent design solution as an individual contributor. Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Web design Graphic Designing html CSS HTML 5 photoshop 5 javascript 5 ajax 5 css 5 dreamweaver 5 flash 5 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Requirements:Excellent web designing capabilities with high level of creativityExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAt least 2 years of professional experience as a Web/UI designer or on a similar roleExpert level of proficiency on Adobe Dreamweaver and PhotoshopHigh level of comfort using jQuery and JavaScript library module implementationsStrong sense of colour combination, aesthetics, typography, interactivity etc.Proficiency in HTML5 and CSS3 will be a plusBachelor Degree in Multimedia/Web development, BFA/MFA will be given preferenceBenefits:AC Cabs both sidesFree mealsMedical Insurance Company Profile: Cvent India Pvt. Ltd. Cvent, Inc. (www.cvent.com) is the world's leading provider of cloud-based software for meetings and event management. Our platform of products includes software to manage and facilitate online event registration, meeting site selection, event management, e-mail marketing and web surveys. We also develop mobile apps for both corporate and consumer events. Founded in 1999, we currently have 1250+ talented and dedicated employees and are headquartered just outside of Washington, D.C., in McLean, Virginia, with additional U.S. offices in Portland, Oregon; Austin, Texas, and Los Angeles, California. Internationally we have offices in New Delhi, India, and London, England. Cvent has received a number of awards and honors recognizing our strong company culture, innovative products, stellar customer service and support, visionary leadership and investment in our employees. We currently have job openings across all departments and locations and are looking to add valuable team members to further strengthen the company's DNA. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details