TITLE: Looking Immediate Joiner - PL SQL Developer/ Sr. Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greeting of the Company Landis+Gyr Ltd. Noida (Toshiba Group Company) We are looking immediate joiner for PLSQL Developer positions. Position: PL SQL Developer/Sr. Developer Required Experience : 3-5 Years Required Notice Period : Immediate Joiner Or 15 days max Job Location : Noida, Sector 57, Near Park Plaza Hotel Key Purpose of Role: This role has responsibility for development and expected to work in all areas of software engineering ( design, implement, review, document, test, support) as the demand dictates. Responsibility / Tasks: Excellent hands on experience in SQL and PLSQL. Experience in writing procedures/functions and packages with medium/complex functionality. Excellent code debugging skill. Experience in SQL, PL/SQL Tuning Good knowledge of database structure design for Tables, Views, Sequences, Synonyms, triggers, store procedures, functions and packages. Excellent communication skills. Pro-C and Unix shell scripting would be added advantage. Must have good analytical skills. Salary:INR 6,50,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills SQL Tuning PL Unix Shell Scripting PLSQL ProC Triggers Views Procedures Database Functional Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Landis+Gyr LTD. Company Profile : Landis+Gyr Ltd. (Toshiba Group Company) http://www.landisgyr.com As per the industry analysts, Smart Grid Industry is a Trillion Dollar Pot of Gold. The industry is evolving rapidly and is considered synonymous to the Internet and Telecom evolution. Landis+Gyr, (www.landisgyr.com) is the worldwide leader in Smart Grid Products and Solutions. As part of the Smart Grid offering, Landis+Gyr provides end to end solutions, (Smart Meters, Networks, Head End Systems, Distribution Automation systems, Energy Management Solutions & related services, etc.), so that the electric utilities can manage energy better. Our individually unique and collectively unsurpassed teams bring together the right minds with the right disciplines, and the right aspirations. * Landis+Gyr is a $2.50 billion global product company with over 3,500 utility relationships worldwide with the largest installed global base in the industry. * Leading global brand with 100+ year history * Local presence in more than 30 countries on all five continents Thank you for showing interest in the career opportunity currently available with Landis+Gyr (A Toshiba group company). Please share to your resume Or reference this email id. shailendra.joshi@landisgyr.com Learn more about Landis+Gyr, visit our website. http://www.landisgyr.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details