TITLE: Delivery Mgt Consultant (desktop Engg COE Lead)

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Title Delivery Management Consultant (Desktop EngineeringCOE) RoleOverview The Centerof Excellence (COE) Subject Matter Expert serves as a technical leaderand is an integral part of the Infrastructure Services Delivery (ISD) COE, whose mission is to provide operational governance to all aspects of delivery, providing standardized processes and expert level guidance for each deliveryarea. The COE SME Tower Leader will provide this expertise around the specialtyof their tower and related technologies that are part of their towers scope ofservices. Responsibilities - Act as the definitive Subject Matter Expert for both the Towers TechnicalSkill Delivery and associated operational processes - Provide Architect level consulting to escalated complex delivery issues - Assign and oversees mentors for new academy (entry-level) graduates - Review academy curriculum and provides feedback on a regular basis - Helps to maintain job competencies for skills that require regular training - Ensure training from hands-on lab use cases are reviewed and kept up-to-date - Develop and submit use cases on a regular basis to the academy - Develop and maintain competency assessment for academy use - Review critical practices audits and remediation plans - Oversees all aspects of development of Knowledge Management for the tower inwhich he/ she works. - Strong business skills in the design of problem resolution solutions - Strong ability to develop and convey best practices for his/ her technicaldiscipline. - Strongknowledge in following technology towers including but not limited to MicrosoftSystem Center Config. Manager 2012, SQL 2012, Application Packaging andRepackaging, OSD, MDT, Windows Imaging & Scripting. "DLIIN" NTT DATA plans toacquire Dell Services as announced on 28 th March 2016. If you are selected fora Dell Services position and the transaction closes, your future employmentwill be with NTT DATA. Dell recruiters can provide you with additionalinformation about any applicable changes upon request. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills sql development windows configuration management consulting application packaging desktop sme procedures computer science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Requirements - Masters Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business or relatedfield required - Minimum of 15 years of experience in IT field, including at least 10 years inroles supporting his/ her towers technical skill area - Architect-level of expertise with technologies supported by the tower in whichperson was assigned. - Proven track record of developing operational procedures and processes - Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) and ability tocommunicate effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences - Strong analytical and problem solving abilities - Strong customer service skills - Ability to develop and articulate business cases for technology and operationalprocesses. Preferences - Experience working in a leveraged delivery team supporting multiple customersin an outsourcing engagement - Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer in Configuration Management. - ITIL Foundation certification - Proven experience in ensuring training for a business unit was successful. Company Profile: Dell Dell International Services India Private Limited https://www.dell.com Dell is a Technology driven company with a unique Dell Direct model. Dell Information Technology department (Dell I/T) plays a key role in enabling the Dell Direct model by creating, deploying and supporting global industry-leading I/T assets and services that reliably deliver the best customer experience and competitive edge Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details