TITLE: Digital Marketing cum Account Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Plan and execute all SEO/SEM, social media and display advertising campaigns. Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights. Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies. Manage and evaluate different online portals like amazon, flipkart etc for advertising and online revenue generation. Researching new online media opportunities that may benefit the businessÂ including mobile, social media, development of blogs and forums. Communicating with online portals, affiliate networks and affiliate partners. Conducting key word research and web statistics reporting. Contributing to social media engagement and brand awareness campaigns. Using web analytics software to monitor performance of website and make recommendations for improvement. Contributing to company and industry blogs and managing e-communications; Developing and integrating content marketing strategies. Negotiating with media suppliers to achieve the best price. Salary:INR 2,25,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Marketing Manager Keyskills Blogs articles content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Rose Moore Rosemoore is an English home fragrance brand which is already a success in the UK and Europe. It was brought into India by Renaissance Creations Pvt. Ltd.. combines the finest, exclusive Rosemoore fragrances with high quality scented products, all packaged beautifully and designed to every room in the home.The Rosemoore range is luxurious yet affordable which ensures that we shall be able to be a part of a huge number of Indian households. The need was felt in India because we do not have many gifting options available in the market where we spend less and yet purchase such items which denote that they are class apart. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details