TITLE: IT - Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Technical Architect Microsoft Technologies / .Net/ SoA Responsibilities Conceptualize and design end-to-end solution (software architecture) addressing the business requirements. Elicit and analyze the architectural requirements. Ensure proper specification of quality attributes (NFRs), e.g. performance, scalability, availability, reliability, security, etc. and address these requirements in the architecture. Define Logical, Technical & Physical views of the Architecture and document the same using standard models/ notations and best practices. Collaborate with the sales teams and prospective customers during the pre-sales phase and design optimum and cost-effective solutions. Defend the architecture in front of internal & external stake-holders through presentations, meetings, reviews, etc. Contribute to performance engineering and capacity planning exercises. Help in identifying key technical risks and mitigation plan for the same. Ensure the integrity of the solution throughout the development life-cycle through technical reviews at the architectural, design and implementation levels. Define reusable components/ frameworks, common schemas, standards to be used & tools to be used and help bootstrap the development team. Provide guidance and mentoring to the designers/ developers on specific technical concepts/ frameworks, e.g. MVP/ MVC. Write white papers, Point of View documents on emerging technology trends. Conduct internal seminars/ technical talks on Architecture and Technology related topics. Technical Skills & Experience 12 years of experience in IT including at least 2 years in Architect role and 5 years of hands-on experience in Microsoft technologies viz. .Net 4.0, 4.5, WCF, WPF, ASP.Net, Angular.js, TSQL, SSIS, SSRS , C#, SharePoint, etc. Experience in defining & realizing end-to-end software architecture for large & complex n-tier distributed systems. Demonstrated ability to assess existing application architecture and define recommend future architecture including aspects like cloud adoption. Experience in dealing with quality attributes (NFRs) of enterprise solutions (e.g. performance, scalability, availability, reliability, security, etc.) and strategies to address such requirements (e.g. load balancing, clustering, database partitioning, encryption mechanisms, etc.) Experience in designing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and MVP/ MVC architecture. Understanding of architectural aspects such as multi-tenancy, scalability, and federation, to build cloud-ready systems. Expertise in OOA/ D using UML & in application of design patterns. Experience with Windows 2008 R2/ 2012 and IIS 7.0 ; SQL Server 2008 R2/ 2012; MSMQ, BizTalk. Hands on experience with build environment and tools viz. Visual Studio, NUnit, TFS, etc. Ability to coordinate the build sessions and support application deployment of builds from the Development to Production environment. Exposure to iterative development using Agile methodologies. Experience in Architecture consulting engagements will be an advantage. Exposure to travel & transportation/ airlines/ airports domain will be an advantage. Soft Skills Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders at multiple levels. Clear and concise articulation, documentation and presentation, of options, constraints, recommendations, and action items to both internal and external audiences. Strong inter-personal and negotiation skills while dealing with multiple options and trade-off. Ability to evolve concepts and evaluate options in an environment of ambiguity, uncertainty and dependencies. Certifications Any relevant certification is a plus, e.g. TOGAF, SOA, MCSE, MCSA. Education Must have a B.E. / B.Tech or equivalent degree in Computer Science or related discipline or MCA. #LI-SS1 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills architectural design development consulting soa documentation pre sales design patterns specification uml wpf Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers, Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Interglobe Enterprises Limited Interglobe Enterprises Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details