TITLE: Technology Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for implementing part or all of the technical solution to the client, in accordance with an agreed technical design. Occasionally responsible for providing a detailed technical design for enterprise solutions. Understands a broad spectrum of company technology in order to provide part or all of a detailed technical design which meets customer requirements. Often leads small to medium technical projects. Works with and under the direction of the Project/Technical Manager and with customer nominated representatives. Liaises with Solutions Architect as appropriate. Provides technical support and input on the application of technology to a defined business segment. Provides advice on solution and integration opportunities to defined segments. Provides technical leadership on specific integration activities that are part of an engagement. Provides planning and design support for the development of solution architectures that will be implemented in a multiple system environment. Communicates across client community, and is viewed as adding value. Demonstrates execution of the company strategy. Contributes to knowledge tools and communities, and ensures project learnings are documented and shared. Role models Focuses on single customer. Solves diverse and complex. May lead a project team. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Outside Technical Consultant Keyskills Technology Consulting Solution Integration Technical Leadership Design Support Technical Management Technical Design Technical Support Desired Candidate Profile Education and Experience Required:5+ years of professional experience and a Bachelor of Arts/Science or equivalent degree in computer science or related area of study; without a degree, three additional years of relevant professional experience (8+ years in total).Knowledge and Skills Required: Has sufficient depth and breadth of technical knowledge to be individually responsible for the design and scope of deliverables within a field of expertise. Has led small team in delivery of a specific deliverable. Has mastered at least one technical discipline with strong knowledge in at least three major technology areas. Possesses advanced level of business, technical, or functional knowledge. Has ability to perform/drive resolution of problems on combinations and interactions of products. Ability to apply technology and consulting to solve a client business problem. Able to communicate and present complex issues with assurance and confidence. Demonstrates the use of consulting skills including: questioning, listening, ideas development, permission and rapport, and influencing. Ability to conduct/lead oral status/technical interchange meetings with clients on small to medium sized engagements. Owns and produces customer documentation. Ability to translate technical details into concise and easy to understand written form. Ability to write relevant components of a proposal document (e.g. answer specific RFP questions). Ability to translate verbal requirements from face to face client meetings into requirements documents, statements of work, and proposals. Able to discuss (within own area of expertise) requirements with a customer, and to challenge and clarify when appropriate. From the requirements, able to develop a high level design or plan, and then estimate the amount of effort required to deliver. Able to advise the engagement owner about the risks associated with this work package. Ability to work with a team to provide written responses to technical proposals and /or reports/documentation for delivery. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, B.A - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE PRIVATE LIMITED Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details