TITLE: Citrix Admistrator SME, 10+ Yrs Exp, IBM, India, Open Package

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Wish you & your Family a very Happy Pongal! I introduce myself as Pradip from VIXI IT Solutions. We are looking out for Global SME- Citrix Administrator with IBM, India (THIRD PARTY PAYROLL). Please Note that the salary is open, and in accordance with international standards. Primary Skill: Citrix Administration Work Location: Bangalore, India No. of Position: 10. Experience: 10+ Years. JOB DESCRIPTION: General Skill Set: Citrix: Experience *Installation and Configuring Citrix Presentation Server 4.0, 4.5,XenApp 5. *Creating New Farm, Joining farm, Create applications in Citrix isolation environments, Able to Publish Applications, create Sites (Access platform Site, PNA agent, using citrix Web interface.) *Giving permissions to the sites, applications, creating reports of the Citrix farm environment, configuring data backup to SQL server. Configuring load manager for Applications as well as for server, Configuring Resource manager, deploying application through Installation Manager and Configuring Printer in Citrix environment. *Configuring SSL in Citrix Web interface using Certificate Services. *Configuring Citrix Secure Gateway. *Configuring and Managing Certificate services in Windows Server 2003. *Configuring Citrix WI Server in Apache Tomcat 6.0 Environment. *Installing and configuring XenServer 5.6, 6.0 *Installing patches to XenServer pools through XenCenter console. *Giving access to XenServers as per RBAC *Conduct trainings on Citrix Perform or assist in the below activities: o Support resources on transition on new projects along with KT plan o Plan the structure of the training to be provided to up-skilling candidates o Create a personalized training roadmap for each up-skilling participant o Initiate training program for resources as per personalized training roadmap o Track and report monthly progress of each participant Template o Resource skill assessment and certification - based on the skill stratification document o Review Skill stratification document o Identify technical scope of work on new accounts to be delivered by up-skilling candidate o Evaluate that each participant can handle all tasks and can be assigned to account work at exit skill level (as per the task based training curriculum) o Periodic review and evaluation to check progress of every resource o Periodic review to track transition of workload to GDC o Use real customer environment and lab environment to train program participants o Shadow up-skilling participants to handle changes, migration & project activities Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology, problem determination, high availability, troubleshooting and best practices: o Act as a mentor & coach o Explain concepts in simple language o Use creative approaches o Exception presentation skills Soft Skills: Good Communication, Leadership, Problem Solving and Root Cause analysis skills PFB, other open position we have.Let me know which skill matches yours, to share the JD. Technology, Open SME Positions AIX ,25 Citrix,10 DB2,8 IBM SAN,26 Linux,22 Mainframe,8 ORACLE,20 SAP, 10 Vmware,9 WAS,13 Wintel,22 WMQ,11 Let us know if you have references. Salary:INR 30,00,000 - 45,00,000 P.A. Salary is open, and according to Internatisonal Standards Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills citrix citrix presentation server xenapp citrix administrator citrix web interface citrix farm environment citrix secure gateway apache tomcat xenserver xencenter citrix training citrix administration citrix certified technical trainer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1. Primary Work location will be Bangalore for all the skills, Secondary Noida, Pune . Then Hyderabad & Chennai.2. For SAP & Middleware skills work location is Only Bangalore. There are no open positions for Other locations for the same.3. This is a SME role. Please refer JD4. Apart from being a technical specialist, the SME is expected to be a good trainer and must effectively impart skills and knowledge on technology.5. He/She should act as a mentor/Trainer & coach. Hence, We can process the profiles like excellent corporate Technical trainers / mentors / Freelancers in the global market, if they are interested.6. Globally certified Corporate Trainers / Freelancers profiles are also acceptable.7. Resources those who have already taken interview in last 3 months, please excuse us. Company Profile: ViXi IT Solutions IBM India Private Limited Recruitment Solutions Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details