TITLE: Vendor Relations Specialist - Startup

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description PosterGully.com (Merchbay Products Pvt. Ltd.) is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. Were a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dcor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. We are currently searching for a Vendor Relations Specialist to join our Supply Chain team. In this position, you will have daily interaction with multiple vendorsfrom manufacturers to dealers. Acting as the face of the company, you will use your direct, hands-on approach to take the reins in all vendor interactions and negotiations, including pricing and contracts, product flow and product quality issues. Specifically you will: Negotiate with a variety of vendors Secure the best prices and contracts with vendors on behalf of the company Act as a liaison between internal departments and our vendorsmanaging complex projects and timelines from inception to completion Provide detailed updates to management through both written and verbal communication Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Purchase/Material Management Role:Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Keyskills Vendor Relations Supply Chain Vendor Relations Specialist Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills and Experience 1-3+ years of experience in a Supply Chain position or in a similar project management position Basic understanding of the Supply Chain process as it relates to B2C environments Domestic Supply Chain experience with prior ecommerce work experience is a big plus Talent for negotiating and problem solving Decent verbal communication skills and the ability to collaborate with team members from all levels/areas of the organization Intermediate-level proficiency with Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel and Word) Excellent attention to quality checks Ability to work under deadline pressure in a fast-paced settingWhy join us? Opportunity to work in a dynamic fast growing start-up wanting to grow even faster! Competitive salary based on the profile and years of experience. Work on a killer business idea with a fantastic team with a spirit of fun and mischief! Immense learning and growth opportunities in small, multi-functional, tightly-knit teams of smart folks Flexible hours & work environment Your work is appreciated by thousands of users daily No dress code: wear shorts, sandals or whatever Free company sponsored lunch, regular parties and beer! Company Profile: PosterGully.com PosterGully.com is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. We're a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dÃƒÂ©cor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Working on a 'Just in Time' model with no investment from the artists, it handles the technology, support as well as complete fulfillment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details