TITLE: Sr. Manager - Govt Regulatory Affairs - Smartphone Giant - Delhi / NCR

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Mate, We have an urgent opening with a smartphone giant : Location Delhi / NCR Designation Manager / Sr.Manager Experience 8 Yrs to 13 Yrs Role Government Regulatory Affairs Major Role Responsible for Government relations and policy advocacy for all businesses of the company. Strategy, Planning and Research. Influencing Public Policy and Regulatory Framework Engagements with Key Ministries Senior level engagements at PMO, Min of Electronics and Communications (DEITY, DoT), Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce, Ministry of External Affairs, Ministry of Home Affairs, Ministry of Tourism, Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Ministry of Environment, DRI, BIS, Customs, etc . Engagements within key state governments. KRAs Acting as a firms lead for Public Policy & Regulatory Affairs, identify, create, and maintain relationships between firm and key government offices, regulatory bodies to gather timely information of emerging regulatory issues and communicate firms position on regulatory topics to policy makers. Monitor all emerging regulatory issues under consideration by government offices, regulatory bodies including important developments, issues and lobbying activities with industry chambers. Prepare comprehensive documents as a representations/position papers / comment letters for submissions to regulatory agencies and/or for internal discussion on emerging regulatory issues. Act as constant interface and regular meeting with regulatory agencies to facilitate identification and resolution of a regulator issues, remain current with national regulations, and communicate that information within the organization, including creating communication materials. Establish a protocol within the firm for working with the relevant groups/departments Prepare background materials, research, best practices, and communication aids for addressing key regulatory issues. Analyze and alert significant developments (both threats and opportunities) and trends. To provide, where needed, strategic support and counsel, best practices, research, case statements and other tools to in-country regulatory and legislative efforts. Reagrds Amar Salary:INR 32,50,000 - 40,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP / Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Head/VP/GM-Legal Keyskills Government Relations Regulatory Issues Regulatory Affairs Senior Level Strategic Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: New Era India Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. Leading Smartphone Giant Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details