TITLE: Preschool Teacher/ Day Care Teacher

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Whats special about this job? Opportunity to be part of an exciting venture in the field of kids learning and development Opportunity to work with young and passionate team What would your responsibilities be? Ensuring safety, hygiene and learning for the kids Daily planning, preparation and delivery of curriculum Responsible for creating worksheets and other relevant learning aids/ materials related to the curriculum Responsible for classroom and learning zone decoration Contribution to other school duties Parent Satisfaction responsible for interaction with parents on an ongoing basis Committed to the growth of the school Salary:INR Best In Industry Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:Teachers Role:Teacher/ Private Tutor Keyskills Learning preschool day care teachers preschool teacher Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required What is the profile we are looking for? Loves being around kids, is patient with kids. Has good experience as preschool teacher Understands kids, the way they behave, the way they learn. Training/ degree in early childhood education preferred Strong oral and written communications skills Is creative and resourceful Experience in creating learning materials for schools or preschools preferred Has a learners mindset Good people skills, vibrant personality Driven about working in an entrepreneurial setup Demonstrates a high level of professionalism, integrity and work ethic Possess high energy, positive and "can-do" attitude, willingness to take initiativeRequired profileEducation: Undergrad, Post gradExperience: 0-7 years Company Profile: My Club Spark Preschool Spark is an initiative by an award-winning IIT-IIM alumni venture, with a vision to make learning experiential, effective and fun! Preschool Spark (www.preschoolspark.com) offers International Preschool Programs, Mother-Child and Day Care programs for kids. The school boasts of a strong word-of-mouth referral from all its parents. Parents have acknowledged real changes in their kids from the time their kids started with the school. International association with a US-based organization, facilities as per international standard, innovative curriculum, experienced facilitators, and a fun-stimulating environment have established Preschool Spark as one of the most promising schools in Gurgaon. The company also offers after-school enrichment programs for kids, My Club Spark, which has received great feedback from parents. The venture has received multiple awards. Awards: * Innovation for Teaching and Learning at World Education Summit Dubai 2016 * Best Personality Development Institute across Delhi-NCR at the Education Excellence Awards 2013 & 2014. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details