TITLE: Sharepoint Developer_full Time_delhi

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Collaborate Solutions Pvt Ltd..! We are immediately hiring Sharepoint Developer with 3yrs -6yrs of Experience for Delhi Location. About Us: Collaborate Solutions is a IT consulting and Services company established in 2008, headquartered in Shrewsbury, MA, USA, with offices in Hyderabad, India. We are around 1600 associates working in USA and India, with revenue of over $40 Million projected in 2015. Our associates are working across several verticals such as IT, Banking, Finance, Telecom, Insurance, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Government. We are helping our customers and partners to build great products. URL: www.collaboratesolutions .com JD Details: Role : Sharepoint Developer Experience: 3 to 6 Years Location: Delhi Mode Of Hiring: Permanent Client : One of the Top MNC JD: Â .Net development experience with experience of SharePoint Technologies Configuration and maintenance of SharePoint site components including site collections, sites, document libraries, lists, pages and web parts. Experience with SharePoint 2013 / 2010, C#, CSS, JavaScript, HTML and SQL Server Strong technical background and experience in several programming languages C#, HTML5, CSS and JavaScript required Experience in web application development and associated skills (SOAP, REST, HTTP, web services) in a high-stakes environment. Experience creating dynamic web interfaces utilizing modern JavaScript frameworks/libraries such as jQuery / breeze / AngularJS Development experience with complex custom SharePoint solutions using CSOM, JSOM, REST, IIS and SharePoint Master Pages General IT Network support experience of typical hardware and Microsoft Office and IE and General IP support knowledge and experience of DHCP, DNS, Ping, wireless and printing. Deployment of SP2013 Any one interested, Please send me your resume to my mail id- swapna@collaboratesolutions.com References will be welcomed. Salary will be best in the industry .... Thanks & Regards, Swapna HR Consultant|| Collaborate Solutions Pvt Ltd. E-Mail: swapna@collaboratesolutions.com Contact No: 040-67767819 --- EXT: 233 Web site: www.collaboratesolutions.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML Javascript SQL Server C# JQuery Sharepoint Net .Net Web Services HR Consulting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Collaborate Solutions Collaborate Solutions Collaborate Solutions (Group of companies) is a IT consulting & Services company established in 1999, headquartered in Shrewsbury, MA, USA with offices in Hyderabad, India. We are around 1600 associates working in USA and India with the revenue of $ 100 Million projected in 2015. Our associates are working across all verticals as IT, Banking, Finance, telecom, Insurance, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Government. We are helping our customers and partners to build great products. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details