TITLE: Assistant/ Deputy Manager- E- Commerce

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1.. Develop a strategy for pricing and positioning the product; 2. Scope and prioritize activities based on business and customer impact; 3. Measure the right metrics for each product in your portfolio and ensure targets are achieved for each measurable period;. 4. To prepare a strategy for achieving the target revenue for each product in consultation with the Digital Marketing; 5. To identify improvements in the product in line with the expectations of the customers and implement same with the help of operations. This role is responsible for analyzing campaign KPIs, seasonal trends and user behavior in a continuous basis so as to provide/execute on recommendations with the ultimate goal of achieving annually-set goals for the company's E commerce websites. Including but not limited to optimizing (1) E commerce Revenue (2) Conversion Rate; (3) Average Order Value (4) Cart Abandonment Rate; (5) Marketing ROI; (5) Repeat Customer Revenue; and (6) Operating Margin. Other responsibilities include managing the planning and execution of e commerce infrastructure projects directed to optimizing the performance of multiple web sites from every angle: consumer experience, conversion, post-sale service, promotion and reporting. Closely collaborates with IT, Content etc. team to leverage mobile/digital technology expertise, available digital assets and learning in executing the e- Commerce plan. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 6,50,000 P.A. As per industry standard Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Retail Store Manager Keyskills Digital Marketing Commerce E - commerce Strategy Positioning E Web Technologies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required PG ,MBA with Marketing , same profile in other company a must3-4 years of e-Commerce Marketing ExperienceDeep level of understanding of website architecture, site mapping, usability and A/B testing techniques.Strong understanding of current online marketing concepts, strategy and best practice.Good knowledge of SEO keyword research and analysis;Experience in SEO, Email marketing, and social media is mustStrong organizational, communication, collaboration and interpersonal skills.Proactive, intuitive, naturally curious and comfortable with change.Aptitude for problem solving/quick learning.Positive attitude and high level of energy. High functioning, positive team player that can facilitate many cross-functional projects simultaneously in a matrix-based environment.Ability to analyze reports and make recommendations; Excellent communication skills, written and verbal .Strong analysis & presentation skills. Company Profile: Compare Infobase Ltd. Compare Infobase Limited (CIL) is a mapping portal, mapping projects and mapping products based company based in New Delhi, India, with a subsidiary MapXL, Inc. at San Jose, California, USA. Precisely a year after the internet had come to India, the need of bringing authentic, credible maps on cyberspace depicting the correct version of India to users in India and globally, was conceptualized by its founders. Two years hence, in the year 1998, CIL was established. Its first website IndiaProfile.com had a section called Maps of India. The site did well and from it was conceived MapsofIndia.com. Five years hence, was born Mapsofworld.com, to cater to the growing mapping needs of the world. Both sites have helped CIL carve a niche for itself globally in the mapping industry, in the domestic as well as international markets. Talent in areas of mapping, cartography, related apps and content has been added to the company since its inception and demands of growing customers only help it attract more to its pool. CIL offers great opportunities in these fields for better growth in terms of career as well as skills. It is a place were work-life balance exists. Those wanting overall development in both personal and professional avenues are encouraged to achieve higher goals. Its other incubation portals include Elections.in, DGreetings.com, MyIndia sub-domain of MapsofIndia, etc. that require sustained talent and skills addition. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details