TITLE: Creative Visualiser

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Work closely with the Design Team to take the concept to the next level and aid in its visualization process. Work in tandem with the Operations team for new entertainment options. Work in tandem with Client Servicing to crack new ideas as per the client brief. Write effective and engaging copy that would easily identifiable by the target audience. Work closely with the Design Team to develop concept visually to create story boards / avs for mailers, posters, script writing for events, etc. Graduate/ Post Graduate in Journalism / Mass Communication / Advertising/ Communication Design/ Event planning, Designing Excellent Communication skills Having worked with leading Event Company Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,50,000 P.A Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Design Script Writing Client Servicing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Radiant Hues CRM Solutions Pvt. Ltd Quintessentially - World's leading luxury lifestyle group. With offices in over 68 cities across the world, Quintessentially offers access to the inaccessible & seemingly make impossible, possible. With a private members' club with a 24 hour concierge service, the Group encompasses 32 luxury sister companies comprising of experts in travel, wine, art, music, luxury retail, flowers, private aviation and more. Quintessentially Events has now expanded its network with launch of India operations. Specialists in Global luxury market, we create and plan boutique to large scale experiences for private individuals, corporate agencies, leading brands and charitable foundations. We are able to leverage support from a wide base of partners, allowing unrivalled access to outstanding venues, services and talent worldwide. Our corporate clients include some of the iconic luxury brands like HSBC, Procter & Gamble, Unicef, American Express, Vogue, Chanel, Gucci, Kuoni..... Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details