TITLE: Content Strategist - Startup

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description PosterGully.com (Merchbay Products Pvt. Ltd.) is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. Were a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dcor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Were seeking a Content Strategist to join our team in Delhi. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated, entrepreneurial team player with a passion for devising strategies to drive online traffic & own content creation for our brand. Responsibilities: Own and develop PosterGullys content strategy; including the content mediums we invest in, the areas of focus, and the calendar for when items are to be produced. Conduct artist interviews with both emerging and established PosterGully artists Publish articles for PosterGully blog Execute on the content strategy through a combination of hands-on work and thoughtful delegation. Share work and give feedback to teammates Promote content created across various identified channels Lead content plans from start to finish Creation of progressive content assets - social, online, audio, visual, etc Writing and implementing emailers to 1 lac+ subscribers Responsible for social media content Take part in brainstorms for disruptive marketing Measure and analyze the effectiveness of the content were producing Institute an opinionated view on how we produce content and the style of content we produce. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Content Strategist Content Writing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Skills & Requirements: 2+ years working with content for web or mobile experiences Experience with social products preferred Proven success in growing a functional area of ownership in a past role; ideally in a content marketing capacity. Excellent written, communication and presentation skills. Detail-oriented with the ability to set priorities and be flexible in a changing environment. Entrepreneurial spirit with a passion for the eCommerce space. Great attitude with the desire to be a key player on a strong team in a fun, fast-paced work environment.Ideal style: You think in terms of achievements, not departments, responsibilities, or hierarchy You are driven by curiosity and innovation, and are always up for a good challenge You dont like being thrown in at the deep end. You like to jump yourself! You have demonstrated the ability to work effectively both as an individual and in a team environment You must be able to thrive in chaos while being organized and detail oriented to be productive. Must be able to roll up the sleeves and do things.Why join us? Opportunity to work in a dynamic fast growing start-up wanting to grow even faster! Very competitive salary and Equity Stock Options (ESOPs) based on the profile and years of experience. We did $XXX,000 in GMV last F.Y., and growing rapidly, thus offering potential for uncapped earnings based on performance. Work on a killer business idea with a fantastic team with a spirit of fun and mischief! Immense learning and growth opportunities in small, multi-functional, tightly-knit teams of smart folks Flexible hours & work environment Your work is appreciated by thousands of users daily No dress code: wear shorts, sandals or whatever Free company sponsored lunch, regular parties and beer! Company Profile: PosterGully.com PosterGully.com is a rapidly growing online marketplace powered by artists from around the world. We're a commerce platform that enables artists to easily offer their art for sale as art prints, iPhone cases, home dÃƒÂ©cor, t-shirts and a variety of other high quality products - without giving up the rights to their work. Working on a 'Just in Time' model with no investment from the artists, it handles the technology, support as well as complete fulfillment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details