TITLE: Hiring for our Client - Business Development Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- Dream job for those who have the hunger to perform & who are very interested in earning the Highest salary and Incentives/Commissions in the Industry. Hiring for one of our clients- Business Development Executives Earn upto 50K per month with a UK based Multinational company hiring 50 Professionals. This is for a captive center and they are starting off their operations in India (Gurgaon) You will speak to UK clients and understand their financial spending on electricity or Gas or Insurance etc and consult them to switch to other service provider where clients can save huge money . o UK Shifts (3 PM 12 AM) o Meal included o Transport included (Home Pick & Drop) o Be part of the pilot batch and grow early with them o Min 1 year work experience. o Freshers with excellent communication skills can apply. o Be part of a strong and growing telesales team. We are looking for "Top Performers / Star Performer Achievers". Contact Immediately @ 9717855339 Freshers can also apply. Interview Details : Position: Business Development Executive International Outbound Sales Interview Date : 20th December 2015 (Sunday) Interview Time : 0930 AM to 5:00 PM Interview Venue : ICAE @ Career Institute. Shop No. 17, A-1, DDA Market, Hari Enclave, Hari Nagar, New Swarg Ashram Road (Nearest Metro Station Subhash Nagar) Contact Person: Ankita & Smita Responsibilities Work directly with customers via telephone to describe products and/or services in order to persuade potential and current customers to purchase new products and/or services Educates customers on product offerings and services to improve their "on-line presence" and explains pricing and answers questions from customers building value in the customer relationship. Follows up with customer via telephone or following initial sales contact. Continued product education to better service customer calls About company: Please Click on the below URL to understand about the company & Its culture https://youtu.be/VTrQzEOrxgk https://youtu.be/6giqmaLzS50 Regards, Team Talocity Worlds first talent stock exchange Salary:INR 50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Outbound Sales Telesales Business Development Customer Relationship Insurance Communication Skills fresher telecalling calling Cold Calling good communication skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Talocity Talocity is the world's first talent stock exchange providing pre-assessed/ready-to-hire candidates the ease of getting hired, employers the speed of hiring; thereby providing certainty to both so as to enable the concept of view and hire and not interview and hire; all at the click of a button. Just as you would go and buy stocks in a stock exchange, similarly the talent stock exchange allows talent to find the right job post his/her detailed pre-screening schedule (including technical assessment, personality assessment, video interview, HR round, etc) and employer to find the right quality talent, background verified, yes literally at the click of a button. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details