TITLE: Online Sales Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Liaison and drive the relationship at the OTAÂ level in the capacity of account manager 2. Studying & implementing the right e-Marketing strategies for various properties 3. Hotel positioning analysis by continued analysis of incoming visitors / footfalls 4. Understand and drive the extranets of various OTAs/Online Travel Aggregators to reflect the most accurate and updated information 5. Data driven decision on marketing/paid media to augment existing sales 6. Decide key promotions to launch based on leading/lagging sales indicators and by gathering on field intelligence 7. Online customer relationship management by addressing guest requests 8. Responsible for rate parity across different platforms 9. Perform competitive analysis around ranking, pricing and the featured offerings and strategize on Company's offerings 10. Maximizing the revenues & volumes for a given platform 11. Contracting and commission management 12. Formulating product offerings that could directly have a significant sales uptick 13. Daily MIS analysis 14. Actively engaged in seeking feedback from the guests Salary:INR 1,50,000 - 4,75,000 P.A. Other Perks as per industry standards Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Hotel Sales Hotel Booking Online Marketing Online Selling hotel Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Must possess the following qualities:Excellent analytical skillsExcellent knowledge of InternetExcellent command over English & HindiCandidates with experience in Hotel Sales & Travel Trade shall only need apply. Company Profile: Country Inn Hotels & Resorts We are into our 25th year in business and are expanding at a rapid pace. We currently own and operate 8 properties across India and seek young and dynamic professionals to join our team. We provide an excellent work environment that is conducive to more leanings and personal growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details