TITLE: Manager/ Group Manager - Research - Lifesciences/ Healthcare

SKILLS: Strategy

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles & Responsibilities : Team Management : Manage a team comprising analysts, senior business analysts, managers and research leads. Responsible for their mentoring, coaching and managing the annual appraisals for them. Should be actively involved with team and address any concerns that can lead to lower employee satisfaction. Account Management : Get into regular discussions with Clients to understand their business problems and propose optimal research solutions. This person will also be responsible for the overall growth of the account. Revenue targets will be given at the beginning of the year and meeting targets will be one of the important KPIs. Project Management : Define problem statement and initial hypothesis; designing an optimal research approach with a mix of research techniques (e.g., primary/secondary/modeling). Should be able to guide team with appropriate problem solutions using relevant frameworks (PEST, Porter, SWOT, 2x2 matrix, heat maps, etc). Should have the ability to arrive at key messages/highlights addressing key objectives as summary of results. - Business Development: Support the sales team on new requests or new business proposition by being an active participant during the sales pitch. Work on new solutions/ services for the Clients and prepare sales collaterals and presentations Skill sets Required : - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. - Strong interpersonal skills with ability to practice attentive and active listening skills - Proven track record of managing teams and business development skills - Mindset to identify and solve issues effectively - Respect for time and ability to ensure that tasks within areas of responsibility are completed in a timely manner - Independent thinking and challenging current thinking by implementing new ways of working - Ability to identify pro-active ways to contribute to the firm's goals & mission - Command over MS Office Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Strategy , Management Consulting , Corporate Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Corporate Planning/Strategy Keyskills Business Development Sales Account Management Team Management New Business Solutions Project Management Communication Skills Strong Interpersonal Skills Life Sciences Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Evalueserve Leading client of Evalueserve Leading client of Evalueserve Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details