TITLE: Manager Legal - Labour Laws / Industrial Relations

SKILLS: Legal

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Advising company & concerned officials of the Company on all the legal matters pertaining to Labour laws , Commercial Laws, Industrial relational & Labour Laws, and Intellectual Property Rights etc and suggesting appropriate course of action to be taken.. 2. Ensuring compliance of all the applicable Acts, Rules and Regulations. 3. Reply to all notices served either by government authorities or other persons. 4. As a part of a world-wide legal team, work with and support HCL on labour law issues; 5. Experience of litigation support, sending legal notices, preparing rejoinders, etc. 6. Handling Consumer/ Product Liability cases all over India at before District Forum, State Commission and at National Commission. 7. Drafting and vetting of Legal Notices and replies to Legal Notices, written statements, interim application etc. 8. Handling all litigation filed by and against company in Civil Courts, Consumer Courts, Police or Law Enforcement Agencies, Replying Legal Notices. 9. Timely submission and drafting of written statement, replies etc. and advising and ensuring compliance (IRDA, Employment & Labour, Local Laws, etc.) all over the zone. 10. Advisory support to HR Department on various employment as well as labour laws and support to other departments on their day to day working in alignment with statutory requirements. Salary:INR 14,00,000 - 24,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Legal , Regulatory , Intellectual Property Role:Head/VP/GM-Legal Keyskills Labour Laws Industrial Relarions Manufacturing Labour laws Compliances Labour issues labour compliances legal statutory compliances industrial relation compliances personnel compliances Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: LLB - Law PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 10+ years in handling issues related to Labour laws compliance (Legal Team) preferably in a manufacturing firm. Company Profile: HCL Infosystems Ltd. Founded in 1976, HCL Infosystems Ltd has established itself as IndiaÃ‚Â´s premier hardware, services and ICT systems integration company offering a wide spectrum of products which include - Computing, Storage, Networking, Security, Telecom, Imaging and Retail. Over the years, we have developed specialized expertise across verticals including Telecom, BFSI, e-Governance and Power. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details