TITLE: Business Operations Manager - PLM Domain Firm

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Requirements : - 15-20 years of experience in a similar role, or a role in financial reporting and analytics functions - Adept at managing multiple stakeholders at any given point of time - Good understanding of licensed software business - Engineer with Operation / Finance MBA, or a qualified CA/ Cost Accountant Responsibilities : - Coordinates sales forecasting, planning, and budgeting processes used within the sales organization. - Proactively monitors and strives to maintain high levels of quality, accuracy, and process consistency in the sales organization's planning efforts. As needed, coordinates planning activities with other functions and stakeholders within the firm - Supports the equitable assignment of sales force quotas and ensures quotas are optimally allocated to all sales team members. - Works to ensure all sales organization objectives are assigned in a timely fashion. - Proactively identifies opportunities for sales process improvement. - Works closely with sales managers to inspect sales process quality and prioritize opportunities for improvement. - Facilitates an organization of continuous process improvement. - Monitors the accuracy and efficient distribution of sales reports and other intelligence essential to the sales organization. Recommends revisions to existing reports, or assists in the development of new reporting tools as needed - Presents results of business analyses to senior management at country and regional levels and makes recommendations and changes to improve and support business systems and activities. If you find the above role interesting please mail me your updated resume in accordance to the given JD and provide your Cell No. to discuss and take the matter further at the earliest. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Operations/Processes/Finance/Legal Role:Trade Finance Operations Manager Keyskills Cost Accounting Mba Finance Distribution Budgeting Sales Forecasting Business Operations Sales Process Operations Management Process Improvement Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Essen Consulting Client of Essen Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details