TITLE: Urgent Opening for Software Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greeting of the Day!!! We have an urgent opening for Software Engineer (Core PHP) for our Noida Location. Roles & Responsibilities:- Object oriented design and development. Building PHP web application from the ground up, as well as modify and build on existing code Utilizing PHP & MySQL like back of your hand Design and develop significant new functionality as needed. Develop modular and reusable code as much possible following high level of coding standards. Perform Unit testing on the developed code Meet delivery deadlines. Fix code as per PM/QA inputs after testing Candidate Specification:- Total experience should be 2 yrs.Â Should have hands on development experience on Moodle. Knowledge of Zend, Cake framework. Agile Methodology is an added advantage. Company Profile: Compunnel Technology India Private Limited Compunnel is one of the most dynamic, innovative and rapidly growing IT organizations in India. Headquartered in USA, the company commenced its operations in 1989. We have grown to strength of more than 700+ professionals with turnover pegged at USD 65 million. The company is an integrated and a pioneering one-stop solutions shop for the entire gamut of e-business services. The company has broadened its horizons in offering services as Cloud Service Provider, e-learning provider, knowledge engineering, IT- staffing augmentation, enterprise solutions, and application solutions. Compunnel offers a professional work environment that fosters teamwork, innovation and intellectual focus on quality and customer satisfaction. For more information, please visit us at; www.compunnel.com or www.infoprolearning.com Thanks & Regards, Amit Gautam Executive - Resourcing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Zend Moodle MySQL Core PHP Software Development Software Engineering Web Technologies Object Oriented Design Web Application Agile Methodology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Compunnel Technology India Private Limited Company Profile: Compunnel Technology India Private Limited Compunnel is one of the most dynamic, innovative and rapidly growing IT organizations in India. Headquartered in USA, the company commenced its operations in 1989. We have grown to strength of more than 700+ professionals with turnover pegged at USD 65 million. The company is an integrated and a pioneering one-stop solutions shop for the entire gamut of e-business services. The company has broadened its horizons in offering services as Cloud Service Provider, e-learning provider, knowledge engineering, IT- staffing augmentation, enterprise solutions, and application solutions. Compunnel offers a professional work environment that fosters teamwork, innovation and intellectual focus on quality and customer satisfaction. For more information, please visit us at; www.compunnel.com or www.infoprolearning.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details