TITLE: Mt/am / Manager - Corporate Sales Naukri.com

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities: Selling online recruitment solutions to corporate clients by assessing their business requirements. Our recruitment solutions include access to resume database and branding space on the website for advertisements. Achieving sales targets through acquisition of new clients and growing business from existing clients. Developing a database of qualified leads through referrals, telephone canvassing and cold calling. Area Mapping , cold calling , prospecting , negotiation , freezing on commercials and closing of deals with necessary documentations. Helping the clients to understand various product offerings and solutions available with business Naukri.com. Building and managing strong relationships with customers. Walk-in Details: Date: 5th May 2016(Thursday) Time: 11:00 AM to 2:00 PM Contact Person: Ruhani Venue: Info Edge India Ltd, A-88, Sector 2, Noida(Near Noida Sector 15 Metro Station) Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Cold Calling Selling Sales Achievement Sales & Marketing Sales Business Development relationship manager marketing ad sales space selling B2B Selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, International Business, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements:PDGBM / MBA (Marketing) from reputed B-SchoolÂ Excellent oral and written communication skillsAbility to work under pressure. Company Profile: Info Edge India Ltd. Info Edge is India's leading consumer internet company. With online presence in recruitment, matrimony, real estate and education, and strong brands like Naukri.com, 99acres.com, jeevansathi.com and Shiksha.com. With over 4,500 employees spread over more than 48 locations in India &amp;amp; Middle East and a financially strong status of revenue figure Rs. 483 cr and EBIDTA margin of 40.09% for last financial year. We also have a market capitalization of over Rs 7500 cr. About Naukri.com Naukri.com is a part of Info Edge India Limited &amp; an iconic brand in India. Naukri.com, started in 1997, is today Indias No. 1 job portal. It is an online platform that helps job seeker and employers connect. It has a huge database of more than 42 million registered users and their resumes and more than 2lac job listings. Naukri.com commands a traffic share of approx. 70%. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details