TITLE: Startup iOS Engineer - Objective C/ Swift

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What We Are Looking For The candidate must be hands-on with coding and should have a sound understanding of technology domain. Person should be able to work in unstructured environment with a lot of freedom. To put it succinctly - we are looking for someone with plenty of attitude, and aptitude; someone who loves to push the boundaries. Compensation Start-up salary (You will be able to pay all your bills and go for those occasional parties) And the pleasures of joining a transparent working environment and a great team at such a initial stage. Who Are You An engineering graduate with love for coding. Someone who has ideally worked at a startup for a year or two. Technical Skills Required Software development skills (Objective C/SWIFT) and knowledge of parsing techniques in iOS. Good knowledge of working with Facebook, LinkedIn APIs among others. Hands on experience in responsive UI technologies (HTML5/ CSS3/ Javascripts) is a big plus. Please understand that we are looking for hands on tech ninja, if you cannot code then we request you not to apply. Got what it takes, perhaps more, then please apply. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Objective C IOS Technical Skills Software Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: MyOLO MYOLO stands for Me.You.Only.Live.Once. We are BITS / IIM graduates building the next generation mobile-only application that connects singles and redefines how people discover mates and, potentially, life partners. We are looking for members for our tech team and already have angel funding in place to push ahead with our plans. We are based out of New Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details