TITLE: GFS Associate Capital Reportin

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To be SME for Risk Reporting Responsible for Frank Reporting and supporting Other Risk Reporting activites, divisional stakeholders within RWA COE for timely delivery of the Groups external regulatory reporting requirements whilst dealing with activities in relation to the Risk Platform(Frank). FRANK is used for Basel 3 Credit Risk RWA reporting (including to the Group Board), regulatory reporting, COREP and other external Risk disclosures. Responsible for delivering superior risk data quality to achieve capital efficiency. Accurate adjusted data to feed reports is essential, as is timely resolution of data issues and control over the month end data adjustment process. The most critical role is getting signed-off accurate credit risk data for onward consumption. This role will ensure superior customer service by delivering prompt and accurate issue investigation and resolution of Risk Platform issues that impact credit and Risk Regulatory reporting. Mentor team with the process expertise and manage accurate and timely delivery Key Deliverables: Ownership of processes and activities in accordance with the SLA, working in a team to deliver: Participate in Group Capital Monthly Process including Pillar 1, Corep and Pillar 3 Pack Preparation. Prepare adjustments for any exceptions made in Risk Systems. Ensure all exceptions pertaining to Pillar 1, Corep and Pillar 3 Reporting are identified and rectified. Reports for Board and Management Addressal of any adhoc report request Ensure compliance with all risk control processes to meet internal and regulator requirement. Attain requisite Business Knowledge on the reporting to understand the importance of Credit Risk RWA Reporting. Design and implement new processes and controls in line with strategic developments Contribute to strategic developments as expert on Risk Platform issues Support organization strategic imperatives like culture, people development etc. by participation or leading the programme as programme spoc and specialist Maintain the customer service focus through maintaining strong relationships with initiators of issues and assist with prioritisation of issue investigation and analysis within the team. Develop self and assist in developing team to act as a subject matter expert on the Risk Platform and provide support to clients and stakeholders. Contribute as mentor or trainer or coordinator for skill development programme. Daily functionally manage Senior Analyst/Analyst Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Credit Analyst-Corporate Banking Keyskills Basel Credit Risk Design Analysis Compliance Regulatory Reporting Team Development Risk Control Data Quality Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Finance, CA Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Technical Competence required:Competence: Good working knowledge on Basel Regulations and calculations Regulatory reporting requirements System specific knowledge: Risk PlatformExpert: OBIEE /Business Objects report creation, MS Access, ExcelExperience: Excellent analytical skills coupled with a structured methodical approach to analysing, investigating, and presenting data issues. Experience in credit risk or regulatory reporting, including Basel I and II calculations At least 3 to 4 years experience of working with banking systems Proven ability to form and maintain strong relationships at a senior level with both suppliers and customers Handled people management in previous role/rolesQualifications: Post Graduate / Graduate in Finance with with 5 or more years of experience, MBA Finance, CA Company Profile: RBS India Development Centre (P ) Ltd. The Royal Bank of Scotland Group is one of the world's leading international banking and financial services company, providing a wide range of customer services in the areas of retail, corporate banking, global banking, financial markets, consumer finance, insurance and wealth management, to over 40 million global customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details