TITLE: Startup iOS Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an iOS Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications. Responsibilities: Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Requirements BS/B.Tech or a Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject. Proven working experience in software development Working experience in iOS development Have published one or more iOS apps in the app store A deep familiarity with Objective-C and Cocoa Touch Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and - Core Text Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Objective C Cocoa Touch IOS Mobile Development Mobile Applications Software Development Life Cycle Computer Science Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: MyOLO MYOLO stands for Me.You.Only.Live.Once. We are BITS / IIM graduates building the next generation mobile-only application that connects singles and redefines how people discover mates and, potentially, life partners. We are looking for members for our tech team and already have angel funding in place to push ahead with our plans. We are based out of New Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details