TITLE: Manager of Operations

SKILLS: Travel

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a professional Operations Manager to plan, direct and coordinate all VisaHQ operations in Delhi. You will be responsible for improving performance, productivity, efficiency and profitability through the implementation of effective methods and strategies. Responsibilities Chalk out or improve operational systems, processes and best practices that guarantee organisational well-being Contribute towards the achievement of companys strategic and operational objectives Examine financial data/statements and utilize them to improve profitability Perform quality controls and monitor productivity across multiple offices Recruit, train, supervise and appraise human resources Cater to clients or personnels concerns. 5+ years of experience as operations manager Adequate knowledge of organisational effectiveness and operations management Budget development and oversight experience Familiarity with business and financial principles and practices Working knowledge of budgets, forecasting and metrics Intermediate IT skills to learn/operate proprietary and cloud-based software Ability to effectively communicate with all levels of the organisation Leadership and organisational skills BS degree in operations management or related field Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , Airlines Role Category:Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role:Operations Manager Keyskills Training Budgeting Operations Management IT skills Visa Processing Visa Filing liaising with embassy Coordinating with VFS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: VISAHQ SERVICES INDIA PVT. LTD. VisaHQ is undisputed leader of the passport and visa services industry in North America. We are privately owned, nimble, and technology savvy. We pioneered the shift to online visa application processing, and we have a sustainable competitive edge that is widening every day. We have 8 offices across the United States and Canada, as well as a number of international offices. We have been ranked as an Inc 5,000 fastest growing company three times in a row, including a top-20 ranking in the travel industry and a number 1 position in the D.C. metro area. We are on the move... Join us! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details