TITLE: Area Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: Implement business, sales and marketing plan for assigned territory. Develop local strategies to generate cost effective sales leads Properly forecasts revenue numbers for assigned territory. Share input with other departments in preparing sales materials and technical publications. Display personal & corporate integrity. Key Result Areas: 1. Develop & identify a potential client list. 2. Visit schools and institutes Â & explain & convince them for Hello Parent. 3. Achieve monthly/quarterly targets & timely reporting. 4. Direct selling, delivery, follow up payments. Skill Set Required: - Excited to work in a startup environment. - Should be well spoken with excellent communication skills and have had sales experience of 1-3 years in the past. - Should be willing to do Field work & Flexibility in work schedule is required. - Should meet the Directors / HODs / Principals of the institutes etc. - Demonstrated ability to work independently and achieve goals with minimal supervision. - Ability to perform in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. - Holds self-accountable for results & conveys a sense of urgency and drives issues to closure. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Software Sales Product Sales brand sales product marketing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Hello Parent Hello Parent is a funded startup with a vision to connect the parents to schools over an app.Hello Parent is the easiest and most natural way for parents to stay engaged with the school. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details