TITLE: Sr. Engineer- Firmware

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This role has responsibility for development and expected to work in all areas of embedded software development ( review and understand requirements, design, review, implement,test, document and support). Ensure compliance with customer requirements and relevant IS/IEC standards. Areas of Responsibility / Tasks: To design and develop embedded firmware and enhancement in existing functionality. Involvement in Software Development Life-Cycle Activities (requirement gathering, elaboration, solicit clarification, understanding WBS, documentation). Unit Testing, Perform Code Reviews To document, train and support operations To coordinate with software development team to aid application software development To coordinate with hardware and validation team during project execution on the issues related with schedule and quality. To coordinate with Project Management Team to ensure projects schedule compliance. Identify the quality KPIs and ensure the compliance at each stage. NOTE: Metering experience is mandatory Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Embedded embedded programming Embedded c firmware Firmware Development metering protocols dlms iec meter meters metering IS IEC Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Electronics/Telecommunication, Diploma - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Landis Gyr Ltd. Landis+Gyr is the leading global provider of integrated energy management products tailored to energy company needs and unique in its ability to deliver true end-to-end advanced metering solutions. Today, the Company offers the broadest portfolio of products and services in the electricity metering industry, and is paving the way for the next generation of smart grid. With annualized sales of more than US$1.5 billion, Landis+Gyr, an independent growth platform of the Toshiba Corporation (TKY:6502) and 40% owned by the Innovation Network Corporation of Japan, operates in 30 countries across five continents, and employs 5,700 people with the sole mission of helping the world manage energy better. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details