TITLE: Manager Operations

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear all, Greetings of the day!! Currently we are hiring for our leading client SAROVAR PORTICO for Badrinath location, who has 70 hotels over 46 locations. Position: Manager operations(Administration) Location: Badrinath (Sarovar Portico) Industry: Hotels Functional Area: Hotel/Restaurants Roles and responsibilities Reporting to: HR Manager Fully responsible for all aspects of all departments. Support and work with all Head of Departments in all aspects of running this hotel. Ensure the premises are in operative condition as per category of the unit to receive & serve the guests. Conduct regular operations team meeting with all the HOD daily / weekly to discuss routine operational matters, sales targets, GSTS feedbacks / RSTS feedbacks and action taken for service recovery, and also any staff issues. Minutes of the meeting to be sent to GM/RGM. Ensure SOP implementation in all departments and check the same during routine operational checks. Consultant /GRM guidance to be taken wherever required. Monitor the purchase / indent / requestions of each department, the accounts receivable (collection from debtors) and the accounts payable (payable to the vendors / suppliers etc). Randomly inspecting the stores (F & B / Kitchen) to check the stock in hand (quality, par stock levels, expiry etc) with the F & B Manager & Chef. Dealing with Suppliers / Vendors for quality products involving Purchase Manager and providing performance assessment of vendors every quarter to HO Purchase. Inspecting all department with their respective Manager's for cleanliness, ambience, service readiness, staff grooming & hospitality culture. Monitor the co-ordination between all departments for smooth & efficient operations. Assessing and reviewing customer satisfaction and service recovery process. Meet all dept. heads to review & train the staff to upkeep the human capital. Identifying staff learning needs and assisting with development Conduct weekly / Daily meeting with marketing people for enquiry & follow up & conversion to grow up the business. Monitor and maintain operation & overhead cost in order to maintain maximum revenue to the organization. Desirable skills: Excellent revenue management skills with experience of budgets, P&L's and forecasting. Working with colleagues to share skills, knowledge, resources and networks. Â Highly focused, have excellent communication skills, be motivated and professional in appearance and presentation. EDUCATION: Degree or Diploma in Hospitality Management is an asset or Graduates bachelor degree and/or diploma in hotel or other related field. Computer Knowledge, MS office. Experience in Revenue Management Systems desired. Note: Interested candidates can forward their updated resume along with photograph at thesocialhire@gmail.com and for more details kindly contact Ms. Nitachi Â Phone: 01204565960 Salary:INR Best In Industry Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:General Manager Keyskills Manger operation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Construction Consultants Company Clients We are the consultants Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details