TITLE: SEO Analyst

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Use digital media extensively to reach out to target audience. 2. Online Brand Management - Online Reputation Management. 3. Strategize promotional activities for the new products through social networking sites and other appropriate mediums. 4. Undertaking in-depth market research and analysis about Consumer behavior, Usage pattern, prospective customer groups and developing strategies based on the findings. 5. Handling various blogs (Wordpress, Blogger). 6. Good understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 7. Complete SEO project management- SEO Scope of work, Deliverables, Timeline, Costing and resource management, on-page optimization and off-page optimization including good link building. 8. Review and optimize the content to be uploaded on the website as per the finalized keyword list, using keyword reserch techniques and tools. 9. Managing SEM / Paid Advertising (Google Adwords, Search, Content, Display, Emailers). 10. Managing Adwords account and helping in bidding, keyword suggestion and improving CTR. 11. Conducting Web Analytics. 12. Create write-ups for the events and marketing activities. 13. Suggest concepts pertaining to Online Advertising. 14. Handling Google Analytics and Google Webmaster accounts 15. Handling social media accounts, facebook, twitter, Linkedin, Google plus, Pinterest, and generating leads. 16. video marketing and promotion. - Setting up campaigns - Work on software like the Google ad words editor - Creating attention catching ads - Advanced Keyword Research and selection - Use the Google Keywords tool - Continuously monitor opportunities for new keywords and negative keywords - Identify the most appropriate landing pages that convert - Implement campaign conversion tracking - Focusing on the major PPC network providers and achieving the greatest market share gains - Calibrating, cleaning-up, modifying and expanding existing PPC campaigns and providing strategic guidance for improvement of bidding strategy, budget ideas and performance metrics - A/B testing with different ad creatives and landing pages to improve CTR - Manage bids on a day to day basis - optimize the spend and ranking - Defining where to geographically show your keyword-targeted ads - Developing an ongoing custom online advertising strategy and supporting new traffic - Improving PPC-related quality scores - Monitoring results and making recommendations on an ongoing basis to continually enhance account performance, site performance and ROI - Staying informed on new and emerging technologies, trends and opportunities for market share expansion for our clients in their verticals.. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 4,25,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Search Engine Optimisation /SEO Analyst Keyskills SEO Analysis SEM Google Analytics Link Building Google AdWords PPC On - page Optimization Off - page Optimization Keyword Research Web Analytics online marketing seo web trends omniture Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: moptra infotech pvt ltd. moptra infotech pvt ltd. http://www.moptra.com MOPTRA INFOTECH is a growing global IT company dedicated to develop e-business tools, applications, and custom solutions using proven tools & technologies from vendors like IBM, Microsoft, HP, Oracle and many more. MOPTRA INFOTECH started in 2015 after experienced Software Architects, Business Analysts and IT Consultants joined hands to form a company with a difference. Since then the organization has endured many challenging projects & achieved tremendous success. Our goal is always to deliver high quality, strategic & innovative business solutions. We focus on providing the best solution versus forcing a particular technology or brand. Moptra Infotech Pvt Ltd. is well known name for its finer quality services in software outsourcing & offshore software development. Moptra maintains its focus on IT Outsourcing that has become a strategy for many organizations seeking to improve their business processes. Moptra provides high quality services and solutions to meet or exceed client expectation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details