TITLE: Urgent Opening for Java Developer/ Sr. Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greeting of Landis+ Gyr Ltd. Noida (A Toshiba Group Company) Number of Position : 3 Position Name : Java Developer/Sr. Java Developer Required Skills Sets : Core Java, Web service (SOAP/RESTFUL), Junit, JMS, SQL, Maven, Design Patterns 2EE, Spring, Hibernate, EJB, Flex, ActiveMQ, Open JPA, EJB, JBoss,Cassandra ,HTML5, AngularJS, PostgreSql Good expertise in UI Designing part Key Purpose of Role: This role has responsibility for development and expected to work in all areas of software engineering ( design, implement, review, document, test, support) as the demand dictates. Responsibility / Tasks: To design And Develop Applications, APIs and enhancement in existing functionality. Design And Develop Java-Based Applications For A Large-Scale Amr/Ami System Using ,Java, Pl/Sql And Other Tools On Unix And Windows Platform. Involvement in Software Development (requirement gathering, elaboration, solicit clarification, WBS, Estimations, documentation). Perform Systems Analysis, Requirements Definition For Customer Interfacing Projects To develop specifications including Functional Requirements, Use Cases and Business Rules, Detailed Design, Code, And Test Procedures As Part Of Implementation Team. Participate In System Analysis And Troubleshooting. Design And Development Of Mixed Platform Enterprise-Level Applications Develop Specifications Including, Functional Requirements, Use Cases And Business Rules, Detailed Design, Code, And Test Procedures As Part Of Implementation And Integration Team. Perform Code Reviews To perform unit testing Handle complex queries in database. To Setup/ Configure/ Troubleshoot issues in local and client environment. Identify the quality KPIs and ensure the compliance at each stage. Work With The Network Operations Center And Sqa Teams To Replicate Field Issues. Design And Execute Unit And Integration Test Cases Fine Tune Database Applications To Improve Performance. Perform Requirements Definition For Customer Interfacing Projects Ability to effectively multitask. Ability to work under tight deadlines and stressful situations. Ability to frequently sit, handle objects, read/comprehend, communicate well verbally and written, and reason and analyse. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A. As Best Industry Norms Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Web Services Spring Hibernate Java Script design pattern GWT JMS SQL MAVEN DESIGN PATTERNS SOAP RESTFUL JUNIT EJB JBoss HTML5 AngularJS PostgreSql Flex ActiveMQ Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Landis Gyr Ltd. As per the industry analysts, Smart Grid Industry is a Trillion Dollar Pot of Gold. The industry is evolving rapidly and is considered synonymous to the Internet and Telecom evolution. Landis+Gyr, (www.landisgyr.com) is the worldwide leader in Smart Grid Products and Solutions. As part of the Smart Grid offering, Landis+Gyr provides end to end solutions, (Smart Meters, Networks, Head End Systems, Distribution Automation systems, Energy Management Solutions & related services, etc.), so that the electric utilities can manage energy better. Our individually unique and collectively unsurpassed teams bring together the right minds with the right disciplines, and the right aspirations. Landis+Gyr is a $2.50 billion global product company with over 3,500 utility relationships worldwide with the largest installed global base in the industry. Leading global brand with 100+ year history Local presence in more than 30 countries on all five continents Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details