TITLE: Software Engineer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this In this role you will: Â 1. Define, implement, and support server side APIs to support analytics need of our customers. 2. Architect and implement infrastructure to store and analyze massive volumes of data at low latency. 3. Work with data scientists to devise and implement parallel algorithms to identify events and location-based trends and their correlation with other known exogenous factors. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineering Php Python JavaScript Postgresql nosql Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Our ideal candidate has:Â 1. In-depth knowledge and hands on AWS. 2. Deep understanding of database/storage solutions (Postgresql, nosql). 3. Proficient programmer. Ability to pick up any language quickly with expertize in one or more of Python, JavaScript and Php. 4. Well-versed in testing methodologies and test driven development. 5. Development experience in Unix system. 6. Excellent communication skills. Can clearly articulate design decisions to team.Bonus points for: 1. Ideal candidate can design high level system architecture and identify technology components to use as building blocks for a highly scalable system. 2. Passion for system reliability and performance. 3. Experience developing a complex web or mobile application. Company Profile: Cubical Laboratories The Solution, which is the first ever attempt on making IoT available to homes in the developing world, has 3 major aspects to it: 1. Controlling Electrical Appliances from anywhere in the world: Switch any electrical device on/off or simply schedule it to a preset time Control the intensity of fans, incandescents 7 leds. 2. Monitoring the energy usage: Estimate & analyze the electricity bill distribution w.r.t various appliances Get suggestions on when to replace wasteful devices 3. Integration with multiple platforms Ip cameras and recording for theft Curtain closer motors Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details