TITLE: Recruitment Consultant

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidates with exposure in End to End Recruitment, Headhunting , Sourcing , Talent management, Executive Research and Leadership Hiring. Experience : 6 Months - 3 Yrs Domain / Industry - NON IT ( IT / BPO Recruiters do not apply) In-hand Compensation & Probation Period : Negotiable + Performance Linked Incentives 6 months (2nd & 4th Saturday fixed off), DAY SHIFT Objective of the Job: 1.) End to End Recruitment experience in any industry. 2.) Recruitment, Talent Acquisition, Head Hunting, Sourcing, screening, Mapping and Industry Research. 3.) Sourcing of candidates by initial screening, personal interviews / telephonic interviews and handling the entire joining process of the candidates 4.) Understand and analyze overall Clients needs and requirements. (description, salary, expectations, etc) 5.) With use of various tools and innovative recruiting styles, review and present the screened candidates to the clients. 6.) Develop and Manage strong consultative relationships with candidates 7.) Consistently meet the performance metrics as defined by the manager 8.) Updating with the respective domain knowledge Day-To-Day Responsibilities: 1.) Regular follow-up with candidates, and managing a healthy pipeline. 2.) Scheduling interviews, briefing candidates before and after interviews. 3.) Maintaining timely documentation of all conversations with candidates within our internal database. 4.) Should be able to generate leads from candidates. 5.) Meeting the defined time frame for the assignments. 6.) Ensure daily input of the new information in data base system and ensure duplicity check before data entry. 7.)Posting job descriptions on portals, E-Researches 8.)End to End coordination from client and candidate side. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 3,25,000 P.A. Negotiable Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Talent Acquisition Sourcing End To End Recruitment Recruitment Staffing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1.)Strong written and oral communication skills. Particularly, the ability to interact credibly with professionals from all levels of an organization, both in person and on the telephone.2.) Highly organized, disciplined and a self-starter with an ability to prioritize multiple tasks and deliver deadlines with attention to detail. 3.) Resourcefulness: Ability to pick up new information about industries, people and be able to apply critical and independent thinking.4.) Should have strong networking skills & interpersonal skills.5.) Adaptability / Willingness to Learn.6.) Should have general knowledge and desire to learn.7.) Should have good presentation skills.8.) Perseverance: Go-getter attitude, with a proven ability to work hard with full integrity.9.) Should be well acquainted with MS Office including Excel. Company Profile: KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR Management Consultants Pvt Ltd KNR is a young and upcoming Executive Search & Recruitment Firm started in 2008. KNR has recruited people at all grades across the functions in Asia-Pacific & Middle East locations. KNR follows a Multi-National culture and Work Life Balance is very well maintained. Interview Venue : 1205-1206, Level 12, Best Sky Tower, Netaji Subhash Place, New Delhi - 110034 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details