TITLE: Urgent req. Logistic Person for Export Oriented Pharma Cpy at Noida.

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this . Logistic person for Pharma company based in Noida .Required good computer knowledge having exp. of more than 10 yrs preferably in Pharma. Job Description:- Import & Export Documentation. Should have kowledge about Excise & Sales Tax. Purchase of Packing material. Coordination with factory regulary. New Vendors developments. Vendor Management. Logistics handling. Having experience in Warehouse industries. To check inventory control and physical stock verification of packaging and finished goods. salary :-40k to 60k Exp:-10yrs+ Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. As per industry Standard Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Manager Keyskills client relationship logistic logistic management pharma Warehouse Management Warehouse Operations Logistics Management Logistics and Purchase Logistics and Materials Logistics and Purchase and Materials Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good communication Skill.filing of Documents.inspections of goodsvery efficient computer operator.follow up with manufacturer,Transportor.Age required minimum 35yrs Company Profile: NSN Biotech Pvt.Ltd. Fair Deal Maruti Suzuki NSN Biotech Pvt.Ltd. Company Profile: We are pleased to introduce "FAIRDEAL GROUP" as young company of 20years having turnover of "1000 Cr" with diversified interests in Automobiles,Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, FMCG, Alcohol and Infrastructure & having prominent presence in India and abroad. FAIR DEAL Group is known for having one of the largest dealer setup of "Maruti Suzuki India Limited" in North India and also has dealership for "Bajaj in India". Due to high commitment to quality standards and customer services, they are being appointed as sole distributor of Bajaj products in "Tanzania"; we have 48 Bajaj Auto Dealers in different places in Tanzania and are expanding to other African Countries. "NSN Biotech (Pvt.) Limited"is part of "FAIRDEAL GROUP"engaged in Pharmaceuticals ,Diagnostics and OTC products catering to domestic and International markets. **NSN Biotech (Pvt.) Limited, Tanzania ,had been importing and marketing products in Tanzania with a team of well qualified professionals based in Tanzania and other African countries.* "FAIRDEAL GROUP", is expanding its business operations for Bajaj Two Wheelers and Alcohol manufacturing in Western African Countries like Burkina Faso, Mali ,Togo and Liberia therefore we are looking for business Development Managers who can establish our Business. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details