TITLE: Deputy Manager - Human Resources

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Ability to lead and drive the overall talent requirements - both technical and non-technical. Will be managing multiple requirements at a time and should be able to close the positions within the deadline. Should possess excellent understanding of job requirements and accordingly plan recruitment strategy and present to HR Head. Conduct interviews and evaluate fitment for crucial positions. Manage complete recruitment cycle from sourcing till joining experience. Build strong recruitment partners (consultants) channel, empanelment basis performance, and agreement sign off & build long-term relationship. Should be able to source or hunt through online channels. Ability to meet recruitment numbers within timeline including timely reporting. Assist HR in Manpower planning and coordination with Functional Head. Assist in process and policies creation and ensure process adherence. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Keyskills Recruitment HR Manpower Planning Conducting Interviews Policies Sourcing vendor development strategic sourcing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5-8 years of Experience in HR domain with min of 2 years of Experience in IT recruitments. Graduate, prefer Post Graduate MBA HR, additional education in Human Resource Management will be a plus. Strong negotiation, influencing and communication skills Integrity and confidentiality. Knowledge of human resources processes and best practices Well organized with a skill in time management Ability to handle data with confidentiality Target Oriented, self-starter, ability to prioritize. Ability to manage a team Company Profile: Confidential 100% subsidiary of US based MNC. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details