TITLE: Part Time Jobs- Hamleys

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this A job at the world's finest toy store? Surely it can't be all work and no play.. Freshers can apply!!! Â Location: Chandigarh, New Delhi, Gurgaon, Pune, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore & Kochi. Â Job Purpose: To deliver sales and enhance the customer experience through high standards of customer service and product knowledge. Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. I am the Brand Ambassador - both in and out the store. Â What is that I need to do: Warm welcome and approach to each customer. Customers inclination to shop starts right from the first step & eye contact. To efficiently adhere to all company procedures and policies. To work with the team to achieve award winning customer service. To ask for feedback about performance. Â Capabilities: Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. Provides a safe environment by following Health & Safety guidelines and being aware of the security on the floor. Â Experience: Freshers are welcome!!! Enjoys working with children and relishes the challenges that this may present. Salary:INR 50,000 - 1,50,000 P.A. Best Salary across retail domain, Lucrative Incentives, Growth Opportunities Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Counter Sales Keyskills Retail Sales Retail Operations Sales and Retail Retail Product Sales Customer Handling Customer Facing Direct Selling Operations Management Customer Servicing Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliance Industries Ltd Reliance Industries Limited is the largest private sector corporation in India with annual revenue of US$ 62.2 billion and net profit of US$ 3.8 billion. The Group's activities span hydrocarbon exploration and production, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, retail and telecommunications. Reliance Industries Ltd is India's first private sector company to feature in Fortune Global 500 list of 'World's Largest Corporations', currently ranking 114th in terms of revenue & 155th in terms of profit. RIL strives to be a product and service leader across its industries, a great work-place and above all, to create value for its stakeholders and society. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details