TITLE: Associate - Customer Delight

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Why should you join Zomato? Walk in Interviews at :Â Zomato Head Quaters, 21st Level,, One Horizon Centre, DLF Golf Course Road, DLF Phase 5, Sector 43, GURGAON, Haryana - 122001,India Here at Zomato, we have one thing that unites us all: working passionately to ensure that no one ever has a bad meal. We love having a full plate, so there will never be a lack of exciting things to be a part of - our products range from Ad Banners, Online Ordering, now we're working on our Zomato Whitelabel mobile apps, Zomato Book, Zomato BASE...you get the point. If you've ever wanted to have a chance to build products that have a visible and immediate impact in people's lives, all over the world, if you believe in owning what you build like we do, and if you're looking for a place that will challenge you to improve everyday, then we think that you'll feel right at home with us at Zomato. About the Job: Customer Delight team is the face of Zomato for our foodies. They not only ensure a 'delightful' ordering experience but also are responsible for making sure every foodie returns to Zomato Order.The team is here to ensure no voice goes unheard, no poor experience is repeated and we constantly improve for our foodies . In a nutshell, they make sure every foodie leaves with a smile after ordering from Zomato! Here's what you'll do day-to-day: Communicate with customers on chat, calls and through emails Take care of resolution on any concerns raised during an order Communicate feedback on App experience to the Product team and help merchants improve their service quality Responding to queries on various social media platforms (Facebook and Twitter) Here's what we're looking for: Graduates with 0 - 3 years of work experience Excellent written and verbal communication & comprehension skills in English Excellent attitude and a good team player Customer service experience is preferable Smart, enthusiastic and pro-active individuals Temperament for providing exceptional customer experience Basic computer and operational MS-Office knowledge Ability to work in a highly charged environment without compromising on quality Comfortable with working for long and unpredictable hours Note:-Since we get our peak volumes on weekends, this would demand 6 day work week which would be in rotational shifts. We've been growing very fast and don't really feel like taking our foot off the gas. And we would love to have you along for the ride, because after all, it's never too late to be part of a growth story! We believe that no problem is too big or too small to be solved. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 3,75,000 P.A Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Back Office/Web/Transaction Processing Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Customer Experience Customer Service Verbal Communication BPO and KPO and LPO Customer Servicing Customer Calling ITES and BPO and Customer Service Operations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Graduation Not Required, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Zomato Media Private Limited Our mission is to ensure nobody has a bad meal. We do this by, helping people discover great places around them. Our team gathers information from every restaurant on a regular basis to ensure our data is fresh. Our vast community of food lovers share their reviews and photos, so you have all that you need to make an informed choice. Building amazing experiences around dining. Starting with information for over 1 million restaurants (and counting) globally, we're making dining smoother and more enjoyable with services like online ordering and table reservations. Enabling restaurants to create amazing experiences. With dedicated engagement and management tools, we're enabling restaurants to spend more time focusing on food itself, which translates directly to better dining experiences. And we're doing it globally. From Vancouver to Auckland, Zomato is used by millions every day to decide where to eat in over 10,000 cities across 23 countries. In a few years, we should be able help point you to a great place to eat no matter what part of the world you're in. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details