TITLE: Hiring for BDM for a FRRO & Relocation Service Company(only Female)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities:- Identify and connect with target organizations to facilitate opportunities for Business Development.Â Build Multi-tier relationships with client organizations to organically grow the clients accounts Expand the referral and lead generation network Develop and manage marketing tools and collateral for existing and new clients. Monitoring the implementation and execution of marketing programs Meeting with key clients. Develop and maintain effective client relationships and manage expectations with existing and prospective clients. Create and implement business development plans. Maximize revenue from the existing customer base and developing ongoing account plans. Preparation and submission of sales reports on a timely basis.Â Add-value to the services provided to the client. Respond to and follow up sales enquiries using appropriate methods. Monitor, collate and report on market and competition activities. Communicate, liaise, and negotiate internally and externally using appropriate methods to facilitate the development of profitable business and sustainable relationships. Prepare presentations, documentation and proposals for clients. Desired Profile- MBA Marketing preferred (only female candidates) with 2-4 years of relevant experience Preferably Candidates should be from Service Industry, with experience in Corporate Sales/Key Account Management Excellent Communication, Presentation and Time Management Skills. Open for client meeting Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to develop strong working relationships inside and outside the organization. Extensive negotiation experience. Ability to work under pressure. Creative, resourceful, detail-oriented, highly organized Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development Marketing Programs Bdm Lead Generation Negotiation Proposals Client Servicing services KAM Account Management corporate sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Work At Will Certified Corporate FRRO & Relocation Service Prvider Company Recruitment Firm Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details