TITLE: Apply for Project Manager / Lead @ Inventum Technologies(noida)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for an Project manager to lead the teams involved in development of telecom operational & billing support systems. Our company's products lead the B/OSS market space in India within the ISP/WISP sector & the Project Mgr will be working on this very product inheriting existing product code & building for the future. A healthy exposure to telecom & networking concepts is a plus; Exposure to telecom billing is a definite edge. Role Requirements : - Self motivated individual who is excited about taking on a leadership development role for building products end-to-end. We are not a services company hence the tasks are more exciting & challenging. - Willing to work in a smaller and growing environment. - 8+ Years of hands-on software development experience. We are looking for people who know how to write & review quality code. - Must have experience in architecting + coding + managing enterprise Java projects. EJB & high availability deployment using enterprise Java app servers is part and parcel of the job. - We focus on AGILE development & use popular AGILE tools from Atlassian. Familiarity with these tools is a plus, not a requirement. (JIRA, Crucible, Greenhopper, Confluence) - Architecting skills required to take inputs from product roadmap, break into smaller projects/tasks & then delegate to a team. The architecture of these smaller tasks will be left to the Engg Mgr based on guidelines issued by VP of Engg. Good knowledge of data structures, algorithms & programming concepts is a must. - Should have progressed from within the ranks - we need a "do-er" not a pure process manager. - Should have played team leader role managing small 5+ developer teams. Reviewing code of peers & team is a daily activity. Code checking responsibility will rest with the Engineering Manager. - Engineering Manager shall be responsible for new version releases of specific products &components. Roadmap ownership will be delegated to the Engineering Mgr. Core Requirements: 1. Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills 2. Strong background in coaching and developing engineering staff 3. Strong project management, scheduling and organizational skills 4. Understanding of various release management and project tracking metrics 5. Detail-oriented with proven ability to multitask in a fast moving environment with shifting priorities and changing requirements 6. Able to work closely with designers and engineers inside and outside the company to deliver the highest quality product 7. Have a strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive 8. Be a strong leader, mentor, recruiter and people manager 9. Have demonstrated the ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment Interesting candidate can send their resume to deepmala.p@inventum.net or can reach me @ 120-4647000 x 1108 Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A. variables Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Project Management EJB Java Rest Agile Development OSS Engineering Management Project Tracking Architecting Algorithms j2ee hibernate core java Telecom Billing spring jsp servlets struts Java Programming technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, BCA - Computers PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Inventum Technologies (P) Limited Inventum is a technology company headquartered in India. Inventum's mission is to create market leading products that re-define fixed & mobile broadband user experiences. Our global customers include communications service providers, businesses, public venues & educational establishments that offer public Internet or broadband services. The company is privately held and in business since 2003. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details