TITLE: Urgent Opening for SAP PP Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To ensure the timely implementation of projects and proper usage of IT systems relating to manufacturing, especially SAP PP (Production Planning) 1 -2 end to end SAP implementation, along with domain expose of 5 to 6 year in core production. Responsibilities: Assess usage of production planning systems in different locations & improve usage. Implement SAP Production planning solutions in relevant areas. Trouble shoot issues on Production systems Work with the development team for providing solutions to users. Ensure proper and smooth implementation of patches, notes and upgrades in SAP. Assess availability of new functionalities in SAP, test and deploy them for end users. Periodically assess knowledge level of users and conduct training. Provide authorization to users keeping in mind internal controls to be complied with. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills SAP PP SAP Production Planning SAP Implementation SAP PP consultant SAP PP functional consultant SAP PP module SAP PP implementation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good knowledge of manufacturing systems Good knowledge on SAP PP Results Oriented Meet deadlines on assignments, juggle multiple demands and to work with all types of individuals up to and including the CEOs of various businesses in the group. Focuses on the user by understanding the business from the users perspective and by keeping in regular contact with users to understand business priorities and issues. Very good written and oral communication skills. Should be open for travelling Estimation Planning Work order management Scheduling Manufacturing Costing Bills of maintenanceDesired Candidate Profile SAP PP certified (Not Mandatory) Must have worked hands on in configuring SAP PP module. Must have done atleast one end to end implementation.End user candidates with SAP PP certification are welcome Company Profile: Vridhi Softech Services Pvt. Ltd. Vridhi Softech Services (VSS) is a leading ERP solutions provider addressing enterprise-wide business and technology needs. VSS helps clients plan their ERP and Web strategies and also designs, develops and implements these concepts efficiently. VSS provides a comprehensive array of critical ERP - related services to optimize and leverage existing and emerging technology, thus maximizing returns on investment for our clients. VSS has very successfully supported its clients in responding to the ever-changing business and technological environments by offering services ranging from ERP implementations, post - implementation support and outsourcing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details