TITLE: VICE President - IT - Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Roles and Responsibilities :Looking for a highly motivated candidate to join the Â team. Will be working in a very dynamic environment, where new ideas are always welcome and seriously taken. The role offers an exciting opportunity to work in the global markets on financial solutions and services delivery platform.Â Should have zeal and ability to lead & mentor the team of sales & pre-sales people. Should have successful sales closure track record and prior experience & exposure to mobile money based various offerings and solutions, both B2B & B2C etc. areas Should have business exposure to Africa, ME and APAC regions. Should have skills to build customer relationship at decision makers Thoroughly understand the customer requirements.Â Ability to drive & carry out customer presentation explaining benefits either thru video conf/onsite visit/telephonic calls. Commercial Negotiation skills.Â Salary:INR 32,50,000 - 40,00,000 P.A. BEST IN Industry Benefits Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills B2B IT Sales B2C Presales Solutions Customer Relationship Negotiation Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification:Should be an engineering graduate MBA (preferred)Â Familiarity with banking and or Telco/Utility services environment and handling bank/telecom mobile money services RFPs would be preferred. Company Profile: Prowiz Consulting Hiring for leading IT Company , based out of Bangalore, Gurgao Our Client is is a pioneer in providing Financial Transaction Solutions to the global giants in Financial Services, Retail, Utility Payments, Airtime and other Electronic Services Delivery. The core competency of their business is Financial Transaction platform which includes Mobile Banking, Mobile Wallet and Services Aggregation for consumption on the same platform. You will be working in a very dynamic environment, where every new idea is welcome and is considered. The role offers an exciting opportunity to work with global giants on financial service delivery platform with decades of legacy being leaders in the industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details