TITLE: Frontend Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We're a mobile tech-based interior design startup named "Dekorate". We provide an online design solution offering the latest and ultimate interior design accessible to each and every one. We are looking for folks with keen interest in web-development, having great Object Oriented skills including design patterns knowledge. They must possess design sense with respect to code and data architecture, having a good knowledge of front end technologies i.e. Javascript, CSS, HTML, React Native. You'll be required to explore in depth things essential to web-development. Responsibilities: 1.The product is in a growth stage, therefore there is an excellent opportunity of being involved in scaling the product to the next stage. 2.At Dekorate, individuality is very important to us, therefore the student will be expected to take complete ownership of your work. 3.Apart form development, coordinating with other teams (apps, marketing and design) is also an important part of the job. Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML CSS Javascript Data Architecture Front End Design Patterns Interior Designing react REACT Native Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dekorate Solutions Pvt. Ltd. People generally think it's probably going to be too expensive to hire an expert interior designer - treating it as a luxury, reserved only for the wealthy. While most people understand what a trained professional eye can bring to the table, they still end-up spending hours flipping through magazines, browsing websites for ideas to avoid the cost of hiring a designer. A lot of times the results of such exercises are suboptimal. At Dekorate, we believe your home is not just about impressing your guests and surrounding yourself with pretty items. It is about creating a space where you feel relaxed, comfortable, organized and at peace. It's a place where you prepare to face life everyday, raise your family, creating lasting memories with friends, a place where you conceive dreams that help shape your life. We believe that your home is a reflection of your personality and if designed well it shall help improve quality of life. At Dekorate, our attempt is more about improving people's lives than just making spaces look pretty. The environment around us affects our mood, productivity, energy levels and attitude. Our motto is to design an environment for better growth. We believe that the process of interior design needs to be remodelled. We are using new tools to solve a generation-old problem. We have witnessed the positive changes that design & technology can bring to our life. Through our app and our design services, we are attempting to decode the world of interior design so that it becomes more intuitive and affordable for everyone. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details