TITLE: Content Writer (english)

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for a Content Writer (English) for our 5 Star Hotel. The right candidate should be English Honours having done the Diploma in Marketing & Communications/ Public Relations/Journalism from an institute of repute. The person should have 2-7 years of experience with branded hospitality chains and should have done the food and beverage promotions, web site content development and external communication. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Content Writing Content Development Web Content Writing Content Designing English Writer Marketing and PR Marketing communication Public Relations English Honours Journalism Journalism and Content Journalism and Editing and Content Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Seven Seas Hospitality Pvt. Ltd. Hotel Seven Seas, an extraordinary symbol of chic, opulence and sophistication, provides a signature experience to cherish for a lifetime with its classic European architecture and avant-garde design. Started in 1995, Seven Seas Hospitality owns and operates four banquet halls in Delhi and has been recording an annual growth of 20-30 per cent year-on-year. Located 22 km from Indira Gandhi International Airport, 16 km from New Delhi Railway Station and 12 km from Central Delhi, Hotel Seven Seas is a premier luxury destination and the perfect choice for business and social events. The property will boast of total meeting space of 58,000 sq ft area, which can accommodate upto 3500 guests, 3 Lavish Banquet Halls and Rooms in size options from 15000 sq ft to 25000 sq ft 2 two nightclubs, a shopping complex of 6000 sq feet, an all-day dining multi cuisine restaurant and a specialty restaurant cum bar. Other facilities will include a health club, steam, sauna, Jacuzzi and swimming pool. The group is also exploring the possibility of opening another hotel, post the completion of this ambitious project, in Gurgaon by 2016. However, this is still under planning stage. The brand new luxury Hotel Seven Seas has over 100 contemporary designed well appointed rooms. All our rooms come with luxurious plush beddings, upgraded bath amenities, 42 Flat screen Television, spacious work areas with high speed Internet You are Welcome to visit www.sevenseashotel.com for more details. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details