TITLE: Design Engineer- Solidworks

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this SolidWorks: 1. Experience of minimum 1 year in "Sheet Metal"Design in Solidworks. 2. Preferably should have worked in AutoCAD 2D 3D for minimum of 6 months. 3. Should have knowledge in modeling, assembly, detailing and Fixture design ( sheet metal) 4. Preparing and maintaining a Digital Product and Component Library 5. Reviewing & approving all prototype samples before being released for client review or production use. Shift Timings: Â US/UK Rotational Shifts (Mon-Fri) Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Design Engineer Keyskills AutoCAD 2D Fixture Design Solid Works Sheet Metal Detailing Drafting 3D Assembly Modeling Production Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Mechanical Company Profile: Flatworld Solutions We are a leading provider of outsourcing solutions to global customers since 1999. Our company has registered offices in the US and UK, and are strategically positioned in offering total outsourcing solutions. At Flatworld, business is about people. People with big dreams and big visions, people with a passion to make their dreams come real. We started up with a bunch of people like that and have grown spectacularly because of the zest and passion of those handpicked few. We know they're few and far between. But we're ready to go that extra mile to find people like these. People who don't just "fit the job description" but s-t-r-e-t-c-h the limits. Our work culture encourages creativity and openness. We provide a stimulating environment with team-building activities and regular interaction with leading multinational clients from across the globe. If you think you fit the "Flatworld job description" as detailed above, email us your resume. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details