TITLE: Lead / AM - Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Specification Experience required 8-10 years Candidates Designation Lead / AM - Business Development Mandatory Skills - A sound understanding of IT sales, sales process - Channel experience - Excellent communication skills to connect at senior management level - Strong marketing, interpersonal and negotiation skills - Team spirit with an ability to mingle across cultures and drive large teams - A self-starter with strong focus on revenue generation" Desired Skills Understand of Cloud and Disaster Recovery Market. Channel Management Sold Storage / Virtualization Experience required 8-10 years in sales Job Profile: Business Development Management for Small and Medium customers, across India Responsibilities: - Sell focused solutions in the System Integration / Security / CAD solutions to Enterprise customers. - Prospect, develop, up-sell, cross-sell and generate new business opportunities with the target customers. - Manage the overall sales process, from qualification through closing. - Maintain a consistent and accurate account and sales lead pipeline. - Understand and articulate the company's value proposition to your customers. - Network with the sales and marketing team of the principal companies. - Periodically update knowledge of the vendor products and get sales certified. Desired Skills: - Highly articulate individual with excellent written communications and presentation skills are essential. - Strong planning/research/ organizational skills. - Strong analytical and critical thinking - Good Teamwork/Interpersonal skills Salary:INR 17,00,000 - 32,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills IT Sales Business Development Management Marketing Channel Management Revenue Generation Sales Process Planning New Business Cross Selling Senior Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Chase xero cmm level 5 client Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details