TITLE: Customer Relationship Executive-inbound Process (night Shift)

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The position is of Â Customer Relationship Executive, with the following responsibilities 1. handling customer queries through emails , phone calls and chats 2. converting inquiry calls /chats to sales 3. prompt response on emails 4. handling internal system to manage order flow 5. resolving problems on customer orders 6. pre sales process which involves providing product information, price quotes and any necessary info required 7. post sales follow ups 8. coordination between vendor and customer 9. problem handling Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A. Pick & Drop & Meals provided Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills CRM Customer Relationship Sales Process Relationship Management Handling Customer Queries Communication Skills written communication Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Profile required: ready to work in night shifts (CST) and be flexible with 24/7 atmosphere Thorough experience in client handling preference to people who have handled B2B sales or corporate clients before excellent customer support ability ready to work in a fast paced environment and can handle pressure well multi tasking and eye for details excellent communication skills and minimum 30-35wpm typing speed Company offers a challenging & rewarding career, where in professionals can look forward to good learning & contributions. If you are interested, please send us the following1. Your latest CV in .doc (word file) 2. Your current salary/ CTC details3. Name, company and designation of 2 references, preferably with their mobile NumbersEmail your Cv to monika@arka.in Â and feel free to call 9650792508Â Company Profile: Arka Business Solutions Growing E Commerce Organisation ,based out of Gurgaon The Client is an eCommerce company having their head quarters in USA and operating since last 9 years within US. Now they are looking forward to transition their backend teams -Operations , customer support/ sales team to India as its the hub for world-class Customer Support. They are looking to build a strong stable team and need a hardworking team who can look forward to grow as the company grows further. Company is growing with a revenue exceeding 53 Million US dollars and still going big each day. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details