TITLE: Face to Face Fundraiser/team Leader

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this To identify and research potential new individual donors using personal contacts, data, references and regular contacts through face to face. To communicate effectively with prospect donors on the activities of the organization as trained by the briefing process. To generate funds through the face to face fundraising technique using the prescribed products by the organization. To participate in all the campaigns, fundraising, public engagement and other Breakthrough activity as per organizational requirements. To achieve agreed upon targets for new monthly donor acquisition. To identify potential locations for running fundraising campaigns for the team. To play active role in the overall target achievement of the team. To ensure confidentiality of information pertaining to Breakthrough. To Represent Breakthrough in a responsible manner. Any other responsibility as assigned by the line manager. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Institutional Sales Role:Institutional Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Fund Raising Target Achievement Team Leading teams leader teamleadar team recruitment business associate development broking firms team handling franchisee Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 1-4 years of experience required. Confident, positive with can do attitude. Strong communication and convincing skill and a team player. Passionate about helping others. Motivated, high energy, conscientious and reliable. Trained in face to face market fundraising and build up a new team ASAP. Holding a record of raising fund and meeting the given target. Company Profile: Breakthrough Tv Breakthrough was founded in 1999 with the mission of using arts and culture to bring human rights issues -- especially violence and discrimination against marginalized groups -- into mainstream conversation and inspire critical masses of people to take action for change. Its first project was Mann ke ManjeerÃƒÂ© (An Album of Women's Dreams), an award-winning music album and video compilation that stirred unprecedented discussion across India about women's rights and brought the problem of domestic violence out from behind closed doors. Today, Breakthrough works to activate the critical mass of people who will deliver the culture change needed to make violence against women and girls unacceptable worldwide. Over the last 15 years working on preventing Violence against Women & Girls, Breakthrough has a deep understanding of the interlinkages between its various manifestations. Breakthrough has made innovative use of media, arts and technology including digital and mobiles to usher in social change to end violence against women and promote a culture of human rights. Strategic partnership with the Ministry of Women and Child Development for dissemination of our media and IEC products which ensures that the messaging reaches large numbers as can be seen by the Bell Bajao campaign that reached 130 million in Phase I and 110 million in Phase II. The support was received pro-bono and is estimated to be worth INR 150 million. The Ministry has adopted Breakthrough's MissionHazaar campaign on preventing sex selection under its flagship "Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao" campaign and is disseminating the TV spots, curriculum and communication guide in 12 Indian languages. Breakthrough is an equal opportunity employer. We consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, economic status, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. To know more about Breakthrough, please visit - www.inbreakthrough.tv Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details