TITLE: Business Manager/ Sr. Business Manager-hotel Supply Network, Bangalore

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1) Identify key markets and the types of hotel products that would complement our current product offerings and revenue growth 2) Grow net revenue in the market by producing business plans to achieve revenue goals, ensuring inventory levels exceed demand throughout the market, ensuring rate competitiveness, participating in weekly market review meetings, maintaining 9 month running inventory and rates, following up on all expiring contracts, analyzing weekly reports, negotiating and securing market deals and merchandising all deals on our sites 3) Maintain key accounts (e.g. Hotel Chains, Top Seller Hotels in the respective market etc.) by conducting weekly competitive analysis for key markets, report findings and make adjustments monitor, evaluate and report on individual accounts and markets progress toward weekly, monthly and annual targets, provide educational seminars, take advantage of merchandising/advertising opportunities, identify opportunities for growth, initiate annual contract renewal process for larger accounts 4) Establish and maintain supplier relationships, train partner hotels on our extranet and the wholesale business, review monthly production reports and provide feedback to top producing hotels, plan and execute market site visits as agreed with Region 5) Handling Business Development Teams and ensuring that team targets are met collectively and individually. Requirements: Preferred candidates having past work experience in sales/Travel Trade/ Key Account management/ Contracting/B2B Sales. Excellent communication skills. Geographical understanding of the country & flair for Travel are also pre-requisite for the job profile. Candidate should be open to travel. Should be open to travel PAN India. Should be open for a relocation. Good Internet & computer skills. Open to hire candidates from different industries Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills B2B Sales Business Development Key Account Management Key Accounts Business Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: MakeMyTrip (India) Pvt Ltd MakeMyTrip.com, India's leading online travel company was founded in the year 2000 by Deep Kalra. Created to empower the Indian traveler with instant booking and comprehensive choices, the company began its journey in the US-India travel market. It aimed to offer a range of best-value products and services along with cutting-edge technology and dedicated round-the-clock customer support. Today, MMT is much more than just a travel portal or a famous pioneering brand - it is a one-stop-travel-shop that offers the broadest selection of travel products and services in India. We are the undisputed online leader, with its share of the travel market extending to more than 50% of all online sales, a fact evinced by the trust placed in it by millions of happy customers. MMT has various awards to it's credit like the 'Best Online Travel Company' by Galileo Express Travel World in 2007, the 'Emerging India Award' by ICICI Bank & CNBC-TV18, voted one of Asia's hottest technology startups by Red Herring in 2006. The ComScore Media Matrix ranked MakeMyTrip among the top 10 visited websites in India and the most-visited travel website in India. MakeMyTrip has been consecutively ranked for two years in a row (2010 & 2011) as one of the top 3 'Great Places To Work'. In August 2010, MMT successfully listed on NASDAQ - a first for any Indian OTA. We are a young and energetic company, which in a span of ten years, has not only gained the trust of over a million satisfied customers, but also the respect and acclaim of the entire travel industry and business world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details