TITLE: Urgent Job* : Customer Service Executive @ Payment Gateway Startup

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile: Our client is a payments system company with a cutting edge payments engine riding on the layer of banking system in the country. The founding team includes ex- IIT, IIM and Computer Science graduates. Apart from providing core transaction services the company is providing value added services based on big data analytics and business intelligence. They are also creating services centered on its core transactions engine primarily in the financial services domain. Location : Gurgaon Designation : Customer Service Executive The Job Role and Responsibilities :Â Answer calls professionally to provide information about products and services, or obtain details of complaints. Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken. Process orders, forms and applications. Follow up to ensure that appropriate actions were taken on customers' requests. Refer unresolved customer grievances or special requests to designated departments for further investigation. Competencies and Skills Required: Customer Service Executive plays a critical role in providing an interface between customers and the client company. We are looking for candidates who have good communications skills, interpersonal skills and can handle stress well. The candidate should possess good listening skills, and the ability to think quickly, to make a recommendation or solution to the customer's problem. A clear and pleasant speaking voice and fluency in English is also desired. The major skills and competencies that we are looking for in a candidate are: Good communications skills Ability to listen and active problem solving skills Good interpersonal skills Ability to handle pressure If this career opportunity interests you, please send your updated CV (with details of your Current CTC, Expected CTC, Notice Period) to kislaya.p@sutrajobs.com or reply to this email. You can also call me now on +91 7607213008 for a 2-3 min chat. In case you are not interested, we'd request you to share these details with your friends/acquaintances who may want to explore such an important career defining opportunity. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Keyskills Data Analytics Customer Service Business Intelligence Transaction Services Financial Services Value Added Services Grievance Handling Computer Science Interpersonal Skills Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sutra Services Pvt Ltd Payment Gateway Startup Our client is a payments system company with a cutting edge payments engine riding on the layer of banking system in the country. The founding team includes ex- IIT, IIM and Computer Science graduates. Apart from providing core transaction services the company is providing value added services based on big data analytics and business intelligence. They are also creating services centered on its core transactions engine primarily in the financial services domain. Location : Gurgaon Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details