TITLE: Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Educational Qualification: Engineering Graduates/ Science Graduates / management Graduates / Post graduates in HR Experience Must be from the IT Industry with an experience of about 3 6 years. Awareness and knowledge in latest technologies is an added advantage Should have experience on accomplishing organizational goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Significant achievement in selection and recruitment of IT Technical resources. Role expectations Must be able to work on a given requirement individually Must be able to handle, directly and through the team, the task of headhunting and sourcing for specific skills and leaders Interface with candidates and help with their selection. Complete recruitment process from understanding project requirements, advertisements/postings to interviewing. all recruitment related activities including sourcing profiles, headhunting, interview co-ordination, database management and client interaction Must be able to have a fair knowledge on Technical Recruiting, Telephonic Interviews, Technical tests and coordinate with technical panel for final evaluation. Consult & Interact with Project heads to understand Technical Resource requests and deliver within time and cost limitations Location : Bangalore /Pune / Hyderabad / Kolkatta/ Gurgaon Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Technical Recruitment Head Hunting HR Selection Interview Coordination Sourcing Profiles Interviewing Consulting Client Interaction Telephonic Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: CBSI India Pvt. Ltd. CBSI INDIA is a technology enterprise established in MI - USA in the year 1998. We offer enterprise software services to medium and large organizations. We have our presence in the US, Brazil, Hong Kong, China, Singapore and in India. We are a $100 million turnover company with about 2500 employees working with us. CBSI INDIA is focused on enterprise applications, mobile applications and cloud enablement. We work as a technology partner to transform business and deliver measurable results. Our professional services team deploys technology professional to our client projects and fulfill their project staffing needs on long term engagements. CBSI INDIA is dedicated to provide its customers with the best possible service. CBSI INDIA has deployed several thousand top notch technical professionals to many fortune 500 companies in India. We are recognized as one of the primary global partners / core software service partner by our clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details