TITLE: US Technical Recruiter/ US IT Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Skills : Candidates from US Staffing industry / Domestic Recruitment / Consulting Firm / Contract to Hire Agency with Hands on experience on sourcing and End to End Recruitment experiences. Ability to demonstrate Full Recruiting Lifecycle (gathering requirements, candidate prospecting, candidate screening, Negotiations, candidate submission, follow-up, Interview & On Boarding etc) Proficient in sourcing right candidates through extensive portal search and Vendors. Should have excellent communication, convincing skills and negotiation skills Excellent understanding of technology and associated technical skill sets Candidate shall be self motivated & high on achievement orientation, Should have the ability to deliver results and handle pressure. Comfortable to work in night shift and Must be able to commute by himself Roles & Responsibilities Responsible for handling IT requirements from US based clients. To understand IT requirements of clients IT resource need and deliver qualified consultants Sourcing and screening potential IT candidates from effective usage of Internal Systems / Database, Job Portals, Postings and Networking within time frame Posting vacancies on portals. Match the profile of the candidate on technical grounds Responsible for negotiation, paper work validation and closed candidates for assigned requisitions. Responsible for editing and formatting resumes matching consistency and giving visual and technical perfection to them for presenting it to clients. Maintaining Candidate/Vendor relation on the progress of submittals made, Interview Coordination and taking care of the joining formalities. Compensation and Benefits : 1) Excellent Salary structure 2) Best in the Industry Monthly Incentive structure 3) Employee friendly Corporate Work culture 4) Exposure to interact with US people 5) Timings are fixed with Saturday and Sunday Off 7) Lucrative Rewards & Recognition 8) Medical Insurance Benefits Work Timings: 08:30pm to 05:30am ( Monday to Friday) Salary:INR Salary+lucrative Incentives Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills Sourcing it recruiter technical recruiter recruitment us staffing it staffing recruitment executive resource executive recruiter hr executive staffing hr hr recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: FCS Software Solutions Limited Company Profile: FCS is a Public Listed firm listed on BSE & NSE. We are a leading provider of IT services in the US. In the past one decade of its existence, FCS has carved out a niche for itself. Our Professional Services Group has been providing highly accomplished software and IT professionals for short and long term contract assignments as well as permanent positions to its clients throughout the US. We serve clients in every business domain, but have expertise in market areas like financial services, ERP, Information Technology development, Pharmaceutical. Our clientele consist of various IT companies, including many prestigious Fortune 500 and public sector firms across the US. www.fcsltd.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details