TITLE: Oracle Apps Database Administrator | 4-6 Yrs | Noida

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Performance tuning- analysing AWR reports, SQL tuning, managing database changes and monitoring the performance. Monitor the growth of database and do capacity planning. Creating assigning roles, privileges and profiles to users. Implementation of database auditing. Collecting and analysing statistics using AWR. Logical backups using expdp/impdp (Data Pump). Golden Gate truobleshooting- monitorng extarction and replication process, resolving golden gate related issues. Knowledge of Data warehousing and Oracle Enterprise Manager. Well versed in using Database Tools (AWR, ADDM, Opatch, ASMCMD, SRVCTL, CRSCTL) General operational expertise such as good troubleshooting skills, understanding of systems capacity, bottlenecks, basics of memory, CPU, OS, storage, and networks. Knowledge of Ticketing System and change management tools. Familiarity with Linux scripting. Knowledge of Troubleshooting Core Java Applications is a plus. Cluster maintenance as well as creation and removal of nodes using tools like Ganglia, Nagios, Cloudera Manager Enterprise, Dell Open Manage and other tools. File system management and monitoring. Diligently teaming with the infrastructure, network, database, application and business intelligence teams to guarantee high data quality and availability. Collaborating with application teams to promote DB changes. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:DBA Keyskills SQL Tuning Oracle Enterprise Manager Impdp Expdp Datapump AWR Addm Performance Tuning Database Management Linux Oracle apps dba oracle application dba oracle rac rac Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Experis IT Private Limited CMMI Level 5 Company Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details