TITLE: BPO Recruiter for a Leading International ITES Organization| Gurgaon

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Providing the internal stake holders with relevant and quality candidates within the stipulated time frame. Complete follow up with the Vendor to ensure relevant footfall with maximum selection. Taking the candidate ahead for Voice and Accent and Ops Round after thorough briefing about the profile and the policies. Finally discussing and negotiating the salary as per the grids and rolling out the offer letter to the shortlisted candidates. Timely submission of documents and initiating the candidate transition and BGV. Support Hiring, which includes hiring of Process Trainers, Voice and accent trainers, quality analysts, WFM, Assistant managers and Managers. Salary:INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills BPO Hiring Recruiter Talent Acquisition Bpo Recruitment Support Hiring Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Minimum 2-4 years in International BPO hiring in corporate or consulting environment.Support Hiring Experience mustBPO back ground must. Candidates from consultancy should have experience in international BPO hiring.Excellent communication skills Company Profile: Symmetrical Global Search Private Limited A leading ITES Organization Symmetrical Global Search is an executive search and selection organisation working across India, Middle East & Africa Since 1999. Our Endeavour is to deliver services in symmetry with our client's and candidates' objectives and aspiration respectively. Our objective is to build an organization that is driven by its people with a philosophy of "Learning, Sharing and Growing together" and at all times fulfilling professional commitments and meeting or exceeding client's and candidates' expectations. Symmetrical team consists of 40+ specialized subject matter experts catering to different industry domains with a focus on quality and timeline of its customers. Symmetrical has a client focused innovative approach to search and assessment combined with a high level of integrity, ethics and values makes us one of the most progressive firms in the industry. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details