TITLE: Opening For .Net Project Lead

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JD- Skills Set- 1-Able to Code & Lead - An individual with 7+ years of experience in design, develop software using Microsoft .Net with Visual Studio and other tools, strong concepts of OOPS and MVC version expertise. 2-Strong technical expertise in web services 5, windows services, .Net 3.5 and 4.0- framework. 3-Experience in relational databases such as Microsoft SQL Server design and implementing solutions using C, VB.Net, ASP, Web Services, Web API, WSDL, AJAX, IIS, Windows Workflow Foundations, WCF. ASP.NET AJAX. 4-Experience working with at least one other AJAX framework for .NET Possess strong SQL experience with writing SQL queries, joins, Database design and implementation along with writing Stored Procedures. 5-Strong thought leadership skills in evaluating software solutions, following Microsofts best practices in architectural design and applying design patterns. 6-Experience working with onsite teams from Offshore. 7-Experience in deploying the packaged software and test and write test cases, unit test and integrated test execution. 8-Experience in JQuery. 3rd Party tools ex Telerik Controls Desired Two to Three years of experience in leading .net developers technical members and doing the code review as per the industry standards. 9-Excellent verbal and written communication skills in order to document and present architectural design and standards and execute onsite offshore model. 10-Interacts and collaborates with technical colleagues and proven Track record of on-time delivery of projects and do the code review to maintain the coding standards. Major Responsibilities- 1-Excellent planning, scoping, scheduling, and delivery skills 2-Expert in leading enterprise software solution projects 3-Solid team empowerment, motivation, and leadership skills 4-Strong documentation and reporting skills 5-Excellent interpersonal, collaboration, and problem solving skills 6-Excellent communication and client interaction skills HR Team Salary:INR 6,00,000 - 11,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills ASP.Net Ajax Windows Services Telerik Controls MS SQL Server WCF MVC VB.NET C Web Services Visual Studio Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Path Infotech Ltd Path is leader in the mid segment IT Services Company for the last 20 years and has won various Industry Awards till now. Path is certified partner ofOracle & Microsoft and also having ISO 9001:2008 certification. Your expertise would be utilized in developing solutions on and around latest technologies (e.g., ERP,MOSS / MDX / OBIEE / BI). You would be involved in developing & managing solutions in different domain (i.e., BFSI, Manufacturing, Entertainment, Media) for Indian & Overseas Clients. Let usshare some of our valuable customers are ESPN, Honda, Maruti Suzuki, Kotak, Citifinancial, Videocon, LG, Godfrey Philips, Usha. We are: * Large family of 600+ Smart Pathians. * Status - Limited Company and CMMI Level 3 * You would be working with latest state of art facilities and infrastructure available at our locations in India (i.e., Delhi/NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore) and abroad (Singapore, USA). * Oracle Certified Platinum Partner * Microsoft Certified Silver Partner * QlickTech Certified Partner * You would be using Industry's best methodologies in SDLC, STLC, ITIL, ISO * Employee friendly policies e.g., 5 days a week, Flexible hours, Comp offs, Trainings, Certifications, Insurance, Welfare Schemes * You can quickly move up the ladder and grow based on your Industry experience and skills too * You would be having enough openness to walk up to heads of Business Unit Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details