TITLE: Urgent Job* : QA @ Payment Gateway Startup, Gurgaon

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile: Our client is a payments system company with a cutting edge payments engine riding on the layer of banking system in the country. The founding team includes ex- IIT, IIM and Computer Science graduates. Apart from providing core transaction services the company is providing value added services based on big data analytics and business intelligence. They are also creating services centered on its core transactions engine primarily in the financial services domain. Location : Gurgaon Designation : QA Mobile Application Tester About Role : To develop and execute exploratory tests in order to ensure product quality. Job Responsibilities: Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Required Skills: 3 to 6 years of experience in Web based testing with minimum 2 years relevant experience in Mobile Application testing. Knowledge of Appium is a must have. Experience of Application Testing on latest mobile platforms (Android, IOS Windows). Proven working experience in software quality assurance. Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes. Solid knowledge of SQL and UNIX. Working experience in functional, non-functional, Security testing. Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. Familiarity with bug tracking tool like JIRA. Experience with performance and automated testing is a plus. If this career opportunity interests you, please send your updated CV (with details of your Current CTC, Expected CTC, Notice Period) to kislaya.p@sutrajobs.com or reply to this email. You can also call me now on +91 7607213008 for a 2-3 min chat. In case you are not interested, we'd request you to share these details with your friends/acquaintances who may want to explore such an important career defining opportunity. Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Software QA Mobile Application Testing Android IOS SQL Software Quality Assurance Regression Testing Security Testing Automation Testing Test Cases QA Quality Assurance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sutra Services Pvt Ltd Payment Gateway Startup Our client is a payments system company with a cutting edge payments engine riding on the layer of banking system in the country. The founding team includes ex- IIT, IIM and Computer Science graduates. Apart from providing core transaction services the company is providing value added services based on big data analytics and business intelligence. They are also creating services centered on its core transactions engine primarily in the financial services domain. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details