TITLE: Senior Software Development Engineer from Product Development Comp

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Solid expertise in Data Structures and Algorithms. -Ability to design and code right solutions starting with broadly defined problems, Drive best practices and engineering excellence Development of code in object oriented languages like C++ and java and build large scale robust distributed systems looking for software engineers with 4+ years of solid Software engineering experience involving solving complex problems. They will get to work on some of the key initiatives planned to support our rapid evolution and growth of the transportation network and in the process solve some of the most challenging problems. These engineers will provide the technical leadership to the team, drive best practices, mentor other engineers and drive continuous improvements in engineering excellence.Successful candidate is expected to contribute to all parts of the software development and deployment lifecycle, including design, development, documentation, testing and operations. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Algorithms C++ Java Data Structures Python OOPS low level design object oriented programming MYSQL Software Engineer Software Developemnt Engineer Software Developer Sr Software Development Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidates for this role must have: 4+ yearsexperience building successful production software systems A solid grounding in Computer Science fundamentals (based on a BS or MS in CS or related field) Experience developing software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++,Python) and open-source technologies (Linux, Spring, Hibernate) Proven ability to work in a fast paced, agile and in an ownership and results oriented culture.Preferred Qualification:- Any experience in building supply chain, logistics software Development in cloud environment. Company Profile: Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd. Amazon.com strives to be Earth's most customer-centric company where people can find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want - low prices, vast selection, and convenience - Amazon.com continues to grow and evolve as a world-class e-commerce platform. Amazon's evolution from Web site to e-commerce partner to development platform is driven by the spirit of innovation that is part of the company's DNA. The world's brightest technology minds come to Amazon.com to research and develop technology that improves the lives of shoppers and sellers around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details