TITLE: Senior Chemist / Chemist - QC for API Industry, 2-7 yrs exp.

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this *M.Sc in Chemistry is MANDATORY Well versed in Reaction monitoring by HPLC,GC of all plant supporting related to Intermediate samples & finished products. Analysis of Related substances by HPLC, and GC purity and assay by HPLC,assay by GC and Residual Solvents by GC- Head space. Complete Analysis of Finish Product, Intermediate sample, Raw material analysis. Work experience under GLP environment , Working knowledge and hands on experience of common and analytical methods and procedures. Expertise in calibrating, maintaining and operating analytical instruments. Knowledge of principles and operation of analytical equipments such as such as HPLC,GC , GC-Headspace,UV Spectrophotometer, FT-IR Spectrophotometer, Polarimeter,Karl Fischer titrator, Melting point apparatus etc. and Analytical balances. Follow Good Laboratory Practices in the operations of the laboratory. Ensure cleanliness and orderliness in the laboratory area. Basic knowledge of stability studies for Finished products as per protocol. Coordinate with all team members. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 5,50,000 P.A Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills UV Spectrophotometer GC Melting Point Apparatus HPLC Polarimeter Karl Fischer Titrator FTIR Finished Products Stability Studies QC quality control Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.Sc - Chemistry Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Alchem International Private Limited About us: Alchem International is India's largest manufacturer of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) from plant sources and has been in existence for over the last 20 years. In the last few years the company has started developing synthetic APIs along with APIs of bio-technology origin. Who We Are: Established in 1935, a professional managed business for over three generations with over 80 years experience of providing high quality naturally derived products & services to the pharmaceutical, cosmetic and health food industries. Our core partnership philosophy has always promised: o Quality of our products and processes o Consistency of purpose and relationships o Transparency in our operating principles with customers and suppliers Alchem's model of growth has constantly promoted sustained partnerships and reinvestments of over 90% of internal accruals. Our group companies: o Alchem International: Producer of high end pharmaceutical active ingredients and intermediates o Lepro Herbals: Natural solutions for cosmetic and health food industries o Alchem Phytoceuticals: Innovative natural finished product introductions to Indian doctors o Twin Multiflora: Supply chain assurance by cultivation of key medicinal plants We have approximately 1100 employees spread across 3 manufacturing locations in the country with 4 international divisions (United States, Switzerland, India and Hong Kong). Our Sales happen over 35 countries - 90% exported out of India, with Regulatory dossiers filed in over 20 countries with an Annual Group Turnover of Approx. 350 Crores. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details