TITLE: Room Service Order Taker

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. To take calls in a warm and friendly manner. 2. To answer all telephone calls and enquiries. 3. To take orders effectively controlling the flow of calls. 4. To assist in the operation during busy periods. 5. To have a thorough understanding and knowledge of all food and beverage items in the menu. 6. To handle all guest complaints, requests and enquiries and on food, beverage and service. 7. To establish a rapport with guests maintaining good customer relationship. 8. To ensure that the desk and surrounding area is kept clean and organized at all times. Salary:INR 2,00,000 - 2,25,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Host/Hostess Keyskills Food Beverage Room Service Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: BHM - Hotel Management PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The Grand, New Delhi The Grand New Delhi is a five star luxury hotel located in Vasant Kunj. Set amid 10-acres of lush greenery, it has an inventory of 390-keys which are furnished in contemporary style and among the most spacious in room size in New Delhi. The hotel has been recently refurbished and boasts of an elegant, white marble lobby and signature restaurants are which , namely, It, serving Italian fine-dining and Caraway, which offers traditional tandoor cuisine. A sweeping grand staircase leads to Cascades, the three-meal, gourmet dining outlet, and Woktok, the Pan Asian restaurant, which overlook aesthetically landscaped gardens. The G Bar, serving the finest selection of Cuban cigars, single malts and other spirits, is located at lobby level and so is the Crystal Lounge, which offers a daily English hi-tea, while the Aqua bar is located at the poolside. Spa Oasis provides a rejuvenating experience with its extensive range of treatments using exclusive French products, and a gamut of therapies en ... compassing the Ayurveda, Thai, Swedish and Oriental methods. The Grand hotel New Delhi strategically located with a distance of 10 kms from the Airport in the heart of South Delhi, is close to the commercial Business district of Gurgaon (10 minutes) and Government Offices (15 minutes). This gives an equidistant location between the city centre & the commercial business hub like Connaught Place & Noida. The Grand is one of the best luxury hotels near Gurgaon. This downtown hotel is also surrounded by green belt with no high rise building obstructing the view from the hotel & hence extremely secured for VIP visits. The Grand New Delhi offers among the largest banqueting space in the area, with state-of-the art convention facilities. Its close proximity to the international airport and the business hub of Gurgaon, as well as high-end luxury malls such as DLF Emporio and DLF Promenade make it your hotel of choice be it for a corporate or leisure. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details