TITLE: Sr. Backend Engineers/ Lead - Bangalore (only Female Candidates)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are looking for Senior Software Engineers (Backend Developer)/ Technical leads to be based out of our office in Bangalore / Gurgaon .Â We are planning a scheduled drive on 28th May 2016 (Saturday-Sunday)Â in Bangalore where our Line of Business Heads will be present. Core purpose of the job is coding, unit testing and implementation of high quality software systems. Responsibilities: Ownership of independent modules. Involvement in the full software development life cycle within broadly defined parameters and providing software solutions keeping into consideration the software quality needs Design and defining the interaction between the different component pieces Work closely with the peers and leads to develop the best technical design and approach for new product development Compliance with build/release and configuration management process Responsibility to develop unit/integration test cases for his/her project module Desired Profile: Passion for coding, having worked for 3-4 years of experience in consumer internet domain. Preferably full stack and/or big-data stack. Skills (one or more from the following): Language: Java, Python, Scala Data Stores: SQL, NoSQL, Couchbase, or equivalent Front-end: Javascript, Ajax, Angular.js or equivalent frameworks Big-data stack: hadoop, hive,, storm, spark, druid Queueing: Kafka, RabbitMQ Misc: caching, event-based, non-blocking/async, multi-threaded systems Engineering degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) from a premier institute Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Software Development Technical Design Application Management Life Cycle New Product Development Software Engineering Team Leading C++ Java Python Spring Hibernate Backend Multithreading datastructures Algorithms Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualification & Experience-ONLY FEMALE CANDIDATESÂ *4-8 years of experience in software development*Experience with a start-up would be added advantage.*B.E. / B.Tech. / M.E. / M.Tech. / M.S. in Computer Science, electronics or related field from a premier institute. Company Profile: MakeMyTrip (India) Pvt Ltd MakeMyTrip.com, India's leading online travel company was founded in the year 2000 by Deep Kalra. Created to empower the Indian traveler with instant booking and comprehensive choices, the company began its journey in the US-India travel market. It aimed to offer a range of best-value products and services along with cutting-edge technology and dedicated round-the-clock customer support. Today, MMT is much more than just a travel portal or a famous pioneering brand - it is a one-stop-travel-shop that offers the broadest selection of travel products and services in India. We are the undisputed online leader, with its share of the travel market extending to more than 50% of all online sales, a fact evinced by the trust placed in it by millions of happy customers. MMT has various awards to it's credit like the 'Best Online Travel Company' by Galileo Express Travel World in 2007, the 'Emerging India Award' by ICICI Bank & CNBC-TV18, voted one of Asia's hottest technology startups by Red Herring in 2006. The ComScore Media Matrix ranked MakeMyTrip among the top 10 visited websites in India and the most-visited travel website in India. MakeMyTrip has been consecutively ranked for two years in a row (2010 & 2011) as one of the top 3 'Great Places To Work'. In August 2010, MMT successfully listed on NASDAQ - a first for any Indian OTA. We are a young and energetic company, which in a span of ten years, has not only gained the trust of over a million satisfied customers, but also the respect and acclaim of the entire travel industry and business world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details