TITLE: Senior .NET Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are currently hiring for Software Developer , Details are as appended .. Location: Noida Brief On Company : Onicra is an active player in credit rating and performance assessment space It provides analytical risk assessment and rating solutions to Individuals, SMEs and Corporates that enable the lender or service provider to take a valued judgment on financial and other transactions. Over the past several years, the Company has invested to build a broad pan-India infrastructure and network to collect and process information about a variety of organizations and individuals The Company has very strong capabilities in assessing medium size enterprises, and is one of only 7 agencies licensed by NSIC (National Small Industries Corporation) to rate SMEs The company has MOU/working relationship with 20 banks and financial institutions As Onicra we are a group of two organizations: Onicra Credit Rating Agency Of India Ltd : Onicra Credit Rating Agency is one of the leading Credit and Performance Rating agencies in India. It provides ratings, risk assessment and analytical solutions to Individuals, MSMEs and Corporates. Third party credit and performance rating and assessment helps to create trust between players in markets that underpins transactions. ONICRA plays a central and critical role in collecting and analyzing a variety of financial, operational, industry and market information, synthesizing that information, and providing autonomous, reliable assessments of the entity, thereby providing stakeholders with an important input into their decision making process. To realize our goal we have committed ourselves to providing the stakeholders with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit and performance opinions. The foundation of that dedication is embedded in several core principles objectivity, quality, independence, integrity and transparency. Onicra Credit Information Company Ltd: fully owned subsidiary of Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. provides wide range of business information services to help clients manage the risk and reward of commercial and financial decisions SERVICES; a. RISK ASSESSMENT AND SCORING o Background score o Lifestyle score o Credit score o Profiling o Assessment o Certification b. DECISION ANALYTICS Risk Assessment & Scoring Services ONICRA provides comprehensive risk assessment and scoring services to individuals and businesses across all areas of risk including: credit, market and operational Decision Analytics Our analytics solutions transform data into information, enabling organisations to precisely predict applicant and customer behavior. Key Responsibilities: Requirement gathering and documentation Design and develop application Database design Database optimization, creation of SP, view, function and triggers Backup management of database and application Skills Required: Technologies: Microsoft .NET technologies including, ASP.NET , ADO.NET Languages: C#.net/ VB.net, SQL/T-SQL, JavaScript/DHTML, Jquery, HTML, XML Database :SQL Server 2008 or above BI: SSRS /SSIS 2008 or above Android application development exp. Good communication skill Basic Skills Required: ASP.net, C#, Sql server, OOPS, MVC, SSRS Salary: Negotiable Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming, Maintenance Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Software Developer Keywords: Software Development Please share your CV on priyanka.khatri@onicra.com Salary:INR Negotiable Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ASP.Net SQL Server ADO.Net C# VB.NET C#.Net SSIS MVC SSRS T - SQL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. Onicra Credit Rating Agency is a path breaking innovative organization that analyzes data and provides rating solutions for Individuals and Small and Medium Enterprises(SMEs). This rating enables the lender or service provider to take a valued judgment on the Individual or SME based on its Financial, Background and Productivity analysis. Onicra facilitates over 200,000 transactions per day through a single window clearance on a national basis in the Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Health, Education and Automobile sectors. Over the years, Onicra has developed a long list of esteemed clients. This includes some of India Inc's top 100 companies: Mahindra & Mahindra, Reliance, Volkswagen, HDFC and Genpact. Onicra has been acknowledged as pioneers in the field of credit rating by the Ministry of Finance in the Economic Survey (1993-1994). It is also recognized and empanelled by the likes of NSIC (National Small Industries Corporation) for SSI (Small Scale Industry) assessment. Our rating has also been accepted by the IBA(Indian Banks Association). We deliver services from a national network of 150 operation centers. Our integrated network also comprises of 4000 FOS (Fleet on Street) personnel located at various strategic locations nationwide. Our presence in 400 locations coupled with multilingual capabilities lends us a competitive advantage to manage complex processes in multiple geographic regions. The operations architecture allows for business and services to be conducted in the lowest turnaround time using our revolutionary PRTS (Performance Rating & Tracking System) technology. Operations not only run round the clock but also meet customer needs for proximity, language and cultural compatibility without hampering productivity. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details