TITLE: Team Leader(sup) - 16019812

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Process : GLOBAL LOANS-WAREHOUSE LENDING Look to perform Input/04 checks of all the servicing/Settlement activities/Warehouse Lending and can act as an approver for all outgoing payments. Setting up new credit arrangements and loans to ensure timely funding of borrowing requests. Manage periodic rate changes, rate rollovers, advances, billing, conversions, fee, letter of credit activity and other inquiries. Serve as primary point of contact for request related to administration of large corporate credits. Responsible for accurate data input to various ancillary credit or operating systems is required e.g. ACBS/Renaissance, WTQ, Cash Manager/Warehouse Lending and Right fax. Position requires proficiency with numbers to ensure accurate loan commitment, interest; fee and principal payments are recorded. Job Description: Manage escalations and ensure time resolution to avoid any financial and reputational risks. Should have understanding of secondary loan trading market. Ensure that all intraday and end of day checklists are maintained correctly and sign-off to confirm completion of tasks. Undertake necessary steps to ensure that any required reporting requests are fulfilled. Loan servicing & Settlements administration with a good working knowledge of ACBS/Loan IQ / similar platform for a loan servicing or settlement process. Organized, efficient, self managed in key areas. Able to work under pressure & tight deadlines Responsibilities: Ensure that all audit and processing audit processes and methodologies are followed and documented Adherence to the SLAs productivity, turn-around-time, and accuracy Review daily key operational variables Develop back up and contingency plans Act as a change agent and provide implementation assistance as and when the need arises Provide subject matter expertise on processes Update Manager on process performance and critical people issues Look to input/verify trade instructions received from LOB into ACBS/Cash Manager/Warehouse Lending website. Ensure timely settlement of these instructions with relevant monitoring & updating of outstanding Trades Liaise with US Operations area for books and cash movements Responsible for ensuring that all payment instructions received by the team are efficiently and correctly processed to ensure that payments reach clients with good value Ensure that all intraday and end of day checklists are maintained correctly and sign-off to confirm completion of tasks Undertake necessary steps to ensure that any required reporting requests are fulfilled Salary:INR As per the Industry Standard Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Keyskills Team Leading Operating Systems Mortgage WAREHOUSE LENDING capital markets ware housing lending Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:M.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Must Have: Skills Good Communication SkillsFlexible working in US Hours ShiftUnderstanding of Syndicated Loans Market & Mortgage IndustryMinimum 1 Years of People Management experience, with a team span of 10-12 associates.Good working knowledge of Structured Products.Understanding of reconciliation process and research asset breaksOrganized, efficient, self-managed in key areas. Able to work under pressure & adhere to tight deadlinesCompetencies Knowledge of financial and capital markets.Ability to work in a team environment.Proactively recognize and recommend solutions to process inefficiencies.Ability to prioritize and multi-task when faced with multiple deadlines.Sound decision making capability.Client focused individual with the drive to exceed expectations.Results oriented individual with good problem solving abilities.Candidate must also have good written and oral communications skills. Requires a pro-active thinker with ability to build relationships with peers and support units.Eye for detail and Out of the Box Thinking.A pro-active thinker with ability to build relationships with peers and support partners.A quick learner who can adapt to change quickly.Able to work independentlyShift Timing : 08:30P.M to 05:30AMWeekends Off Company Profile: BA Continuum India Pvt. Ltd. At BA Continuum, employees are part of a diverse, global banking environment with best-in-class people, processes and practices. We belong to a globally admired brand which is one of the largest financial institutions in the world. We are responsible for core banking functions and consistently learn, contribute and grow. We call our commitment to employees: G.R.O.W. which stands for Growth, Rewards and Opportunities in a World-class work environment. This includes: *world-class and diverse global banking environment *exposure to core banking operations *continuous learning environment *compensation competitive with industry standards *recognition for outstanding achievement *career growth based on performance and potential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details