TITLE: Quality Assurance Engineer / Manual Tester - Urgent Opening

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description:- - Must have 1 yr. experience in software testing. - Experience in working with designers and developers at all stages to promote quality. - Experience in testing Web-based applications. - Clear understanding of different testing concepts. - Experience in test case creation, execution and is aware of different test case writing techniques. - Experience in mobile testing will be an added advantage. - Good communication skills is a must. Essential Experience/Exposure:- - Should be able to understand requirements and communicate accordingly. - Setting up the test environments. - Manual testing experience, understanding of Best Practices and principals of testing. - Should be able to write test cases for complex scenarios involving end to end testing. -Experience in testing Web-based applications. Salary:INR 1,25,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. No Salary Constraint For a Deserving Candidate Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Manual Testing Writing Test Cases Software Testing Test Case Creation Testing Concepts Communication Skills Black Box Testing White Box Testing Unit Testing Load Testing Performance Testing Functional Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required - Must have at least 1 yr hands on working experience in Manual Testing- Should be willing to work in start-up environment - Should be a self learner, individual contributor and a good team player- Must carry a can do attitude, with lots of positivity- Willing to explore and excel in the field of testing - Should be able to join asap (sooner the better) Company Profile: Brickwin IT Services Private Limited BrickWin is a small IT company, operational since 2011 @ Noida. We work on Web & Mobile (Majorly Web) Technologies for our clients across the world. The working environment is going to be of a Startup IT Company, so we are looking for some like minded and hard working QA professional to join our team. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details