TITLE: Multiple Opening in Leading Translation Company for Delhi/mumbai

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings!! Currently we have multiple opening for our organization. i.e. 1. Sr. HR Executive. for Delhi-Mumbai Office 2. Project Associate/ Project Coordinator / Sr. Project Coordinator for Delhi Office Job Location: Delhi, Mumbai DOJ : Immediate Job Type: Permanent Educational Qualification: Any Graduate with good English communication skills. Technical Skills: Knowledge of basic MS office is mandatory. Positions:- Sr. HR Executive. for Delhi-Mumbai Office JOB DESCRIPTION: Candidate will be responsible for: Employee Recruitment/ Selection Induction & Training Joining Formalities Documentation Performance Management Building Capabilities and Organization Learning (Training & Development) Arrangements for meeting & celebrationsÂ Employees Database Maintenance. Workplace ManagementÂ Supervision of Cleanness in office premisesÂ Welcome visitors & guests and direct appropriately Receive, direct & relay telephone messages & fax messages Record & handle all incoming & outgoing couriers Maintaining Attendance, Movement & Visitors register Stock Maintenance & General Purchase. Guest House, Office repair & maintenanceÂ Handle local Vendors like Electrician, Plumber, and Courier etc. Providing other administrative services as & when required. Project Associate/ Project Coordinator / Sr. Project Coordinator for Delhi Office JOB DESCRIPTION: Candidate will be responsible for: Coordination with Translators & Project Managers for successful execution of translation projects.Â To work on Translation related CAT tools.Â The management of multiple localization projects in a fastpaced environment. Helps facilitate the Project Manager in the day to day running of projects. Monitoring and controlling projects status. Managing project finances, including budgeting. Establishing and maintaining excellent relationships with translators and proof readers globally. Compliance with relevant and applicable procedures. Collaborate with teams to create, implement and maintain appropriate client- or project-specific procedures, solutions, checklists and instructions.Â Resolve questions and issues in a timely and effective manner for translators and internal teams.Â Manage the timely flow of all localization project actions from initiation to delivery, ensuring that projects meet quality, turn-around time and budget expectations.Â Daily Project update to Project Manager. Interested candidate may send their updated resume at careers@somyatrans.in with the following details- Total relevant work Experience- Reason for Change- Ready to Relocate- Current CTC- Expected CTC- Expected Date of Joining- For any more queries, do not hesitate to contact undersigned. Regards, Shruti Pathak HR Dept 7838949489 Salary:INR 50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills HR Recruitment Training Administration recruiter Fresher and Trainee and Entry Level graduate mba IT MCA BCA BBA bpo fresher and trainee and entry level Bpo Non Voice BPO and KPO and LPO induction science fresher Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Somya Translators Pvt Ltd Somya Translators Pvt Ltd is an ISO 9001:2008 certified company, headquartered at New Delhi, India, and having its presence in INDIA & USA. With a combined strength of 2000+ external Project Partners and Employees at STPL, we are serving major players globally from different walk of life. We are booming Localization service provider. With core competence in the scope of languages, DTP & Web enabled services and we take pride in our tagline 'You Say It, We Do It'. We provide Translation & Localization services in over 100+ languages to Clients from global across several verticals including Healthcare, Life Sciences, IT & Telecom, Legal & many more. To know more about us, please visit to www.somyatrans.com . Why to work with Somya Translators!! We are on a lookout for best resources who can take up the challenge of assisting us to sustain the growth we had been able to achieve over the last 9 years of being incorporated and also, take up the initiative to further strengthen it. We always appreciate and have many rewards in place for the efficient talent who can strive and help us achieve the Organization's vision. We are always open to hand over different responsibilities to the deserving to enable them to learn more for mutual growth. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details