TITLE: Assistant Manager/manager Sales-(sanitary Ware) 2-7 Yrs

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgently RequiredÂ Nos of Positions 04 Industry:-Â Ceramics / Sanitary Ware/Kitchen SinksÂ Only Business Development: 1. Assist in the development of the Annual marketing plan, specifically advising on: realistic forecasts for each product and territory (based on historical data, market trends, competitive activity, promotional strategy and sales effort), and sales promotion program plans. 2. Devising Strategy for market penetration in the assigned region. Coordination: 1. Coordinating with the accounts department regarding the dispatch, Payment collection, Purchase Return, C form collection corresponding to any business associate in your area. 2. Coordinating with the business development department regarding any display and branding approved for the assigned region. 3. Coordinate with the HR department for any Compensation, Conveyance, travel related inquiries. Branding: 1. Promote the Branding at the various Retailers/Dealers/Distributors etc 2. Pushing for Sales through Display of various products at different Sales channels. Reporting 1. Submitting a monthly/quarterly/Yearly sales report. Sales Administration: 1. Establishing, maintaining and expanding the customer base (through appointment of Stockiest, Distributors, Dealers, Retailers) while servicing the needs of existing business associates. 2. Maintaining and increasing sales of Company's products & Reaching the targets and goals set for the Working area assigned to you. Relationships 1. Maintain cordial relationship with all the business associates since Jayna Values Relationship. 2. Develop healthy relationship with all the Sales team personnel for an effective and bonded workforce. Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A Industry: Ceramics / Sanitary ware Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Regional Sales Manager Keyskills Sales Promotion Marketing Planning Business Development Market Penetration Branding Sanitary Ware Sales Management Sales Administration Region Strategy business planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Other Graduate, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Ceramics PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JAIN BROTHERS SANITATION PVT. LTD. Established in the year 1992, Jain Brothers Sanitation Pvt. Ltd.' - has emerged as a premium manufactures of Stainless Steel Kitchen Sinks, Wash basins, Floor drains & Accessories etc. under the brand name of JAYNA catering to a fast growing market, servicing retail network, renowned Builders and Architects of India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details