TITLE: Senior Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Incident Manager is a key position with accountability of successful management of incidents from technical tracks. Incident Manager will report to the Track Lead of Process team and will be expected to work closely with his offshore and onsite team members to manage and drive the incident management role successfully. Specific responsibilities include; Sev 1 Incident Triage Coordination, Communication and facilitating timely resolution. Performance reporting to the team highlighting actual metrics against agreed metrics with the client at different frequencies. Auditing the overall quality of the tickets handled by the team to ensure customer satisfaction from a ticket update perspective. Controlling the Incident Ageing by effective follow up with the engineers who own the incidents. Conducting Trainings at regular intervals for the newly joined resources and existing resources to insist process adherence in all the incidents handled by the team. Attending Clien (1. ) Ensure adherence to the published compliance frame work. Monitor by conducting periodic audits to ensure all compliance aspects are adhered to; Analyze and publish reports on the findings; discuss with the concerned stake holders and follow up on the clos (2. ) To analyze and integrate the CoE Process and adjoining HR/ Business Processes for bringing out higher alignment by creating new designs or enhancing the current design as per industry and regulatory norms. (3. ) To keep self abreast of the changing paradigm through reading, research, feedback and competitor analysis to ensure that the process design has the next/ best practices (4. ) To prepare business requirement documents for automation/ enhancement of the HR Process (es) , lead pilot and testing efforts of a process rollout including preparation of training material and ensure that customer queries on a new process are responded to Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Infrastructure Management Services IMS - Process - ITIL Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details