TITLE: Build & Release Engineer ( Urgent Requirement)

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overall ObjectiveÂ Responsible for building and supporting the software development program including supporting the roll out of releases. Ensure testing and development environments are used efficiently, manage deployment environments and support testing activities. Working with the applications change manager you will support and define build & release schedule and version numbers and identify schedule clashes, raise change requests for releases and manage the retirement of environments. You will be responsible for all non-production environments and defining best practices for environment management. Administer and maintain source control system: include creation of branches and performing code merge.Â Key Performance Indicators / Dimension of Function : Build Reliability, OTD, CRM call level Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 7,50,000 P.A. As company Norms Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Build Release Engineering Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Core Actions / Area of ResponsibilityJob Duties and Responsibilities: You will be part of the team that builds, maintains, and enhances our highly-automated build, release and testing infrastructure Improving build solutions for better quality, speed and robustness Work with engineering management to scope and plan build and release engineering efforts Team up with Development and SQA to continuously innovate and enhance our build and automation infrastructure Design and implement Continuous Delivery pipeline for a diverse set of projects with stakeholders from Quality, Architecture, Engineering, and Tech Ops. Script tools and automation for internal use to support continuous delivery. Collaborate with peers and stakeholders to design and implement new tools/practice/technology. Work with internal customers to roll-out projects and process, monitor adoption, collect feedback, and fine-tune the project to respond to internal customers needs.Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 2+ years of build and release experience with products developed in C# and/or Java. In-depth understanding and experience with Linux, GIT, GERRIT, Jenkins and Visual Studio Has experience with TFS, Jira, Ant and Maven. Thorough knowledge of scripting language such as Python Strong problem solving and debugging skills. Solid understanding of CI/CD release pipelines, and different technologies to implement release pipelines. Ability to coordinate cross-functional work toward task completion. Understanding of MTM, Selenium, using REST API Company Profile: Landis Gyr Ltd. (An Toshiba Group Company) Company Profile: Landis Gyr Ltd. As per the industry analysts, Smart Grid Industry is a Trillion Dollar Pot of Gold. The industry is evolving rapidly and is considered synonymous to the Internet and Telecom evolution. Landis+Gyr, (www.landisgyr.com) is the worldwide leader in Smart Grid Products and Solutions. As part of the Smart Grid offering, Landis+Gyr provides end to end solutions, (Smart Meters, Networks, Head End Systems, Distribution Automation systems, Energy Management Solutions & related services, etc.), so that the electric utilities can manage energy better. Our individually unique and collectively unsurpassed teams bring together the right minds with the right disciplines, and the right aspirations. Landis+Gyr is a $2.50 billion global product company with over 3,500 utility relationships worldwide with the largest installed global base in the industry. Leading global brand with 100+ year history Local presence in more than 30 countries on all five continents Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details