TITLE: Senior Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Provide hardware / software / network problem diagnosis / resolution via telephone/ email/ chat for customers end users Route problems to internal 2nd and 3rd level IT support staff. Coordinate and manage relationships with vendors and support staff that provide hardware / software / network problem resolution. Administer and provide User account provisioning. Use the Incident Management System to document and manage problems and work requests and their respective resolutions and circumvention's. . Responds to telephone calls, email, instant messages, and assigned tickets from users; Assign work orders / incidents to appropriate support teams and follow up until closure. . Respond to, and diagnose, problems through discussions with users, including problem recognition, logs, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps; Provide level 1 remote desktop support and perfor (1. ) To contribute research and data gathering as and when| e. g. opening an operations in new geos (2. ) Contributes to special assignments to increase the maturity of the CoE| e. g. budgeting tool design (3. ) To analyze and prepare the data cuts as per review requirements (4. ) To update information and run validation to keep it current| e. g. PMS (5. ) To understand the requirements of the customer from the process & application (HCL employees| managers| HR) . (6. ) To put together data and slides from different sources for the whole function review with senior managemen Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills Infrastructure Management Services IMS - EUC - Service Desk Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details