TITLE: Urgent Hiring for Business Development Managers - US Staffing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for getting New Leads/Requirements and maintaining existing clients to enhance business relations. Expanding business through new account development with a specialized focus on relationship building and client service. Understanding the requirement and clients need and shortlist suitable candidates based on technological skills, rates and location preferences from the available pool of resources. Analyze requirements from clients/ Tier 1 vendors, assign and have a close follow with delivery teams.Â Should have good understanding of US staffing business, sales and recruitment process with proven bench sales experience in US IT consulting industry. Should have experience in rate negotiation and also need to have good convincing and closing skills. Salary:INR Best in the industry + Lucrative incentives Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Recruitment Business Development Bench Sales Account Development Client Servicing US Staffing Relationship Building Negotiation IT Consulting IT Staffing it recruitment it hiring it recruiter Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: iConsultUS * Excellent communication in Business English: oral, written, and presentation skills. * Candidates with 6 months to 5years experience in US staffing (preferably Bench sales) / consulting/ IT Recruitment are preferred. * Ability to strike conversation and build rapport with American clients. * Excellent networking, documentation, database management and negotiation skills. * Expertise in using LinkedIn for client acquisition and sales. * Must have good experience in heavy cold calling * Deep understanding of different tax terms like OPT, CPT, H1, EAD (L2, H4), Green Card, US citizen. If you are looking for a refreshing change and would like to join a rewarding and satisfying career, please email me your resume to jerin.philipose@iconsultus.com or call me at 0120-4325696. Working days : 5 Days a week (Monday-Friday) Job Timings : 8 pm to 5 am; weekends are fixed offs. Job Location : C-51, Suite- 07, Sec-62, Noida (U.P) Salary : Negotiable + Lucrative Incentives Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details