TITLE: Creative Lead - Startup jobs

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Creative Lead is responsible for creating the collaterals and communication material for the product and brand communication needs of the company. A person who knows how to make heads turn, eyeballs freeze and create strong, persuasive memories thru' creative collaterals for digital media. A person who can mold attention into interest, interest into desire and desire into a purchase action and purchasers to loyal, brand fans - all with equal ease. Responsibilities: 1. Develop high-quality creative collaterals within the deadlines to achieve desired results.Coordinate with other stakeholders and work as a team to achieve desired goals. 2. Propose ideas for campaign communications - organize the consultation and brainstorming to generate such ideas. 3. Execute creation plans with the highest quality to meet business objectives. 4. Coordinate with and manage external agencies and freelance resources for various marketing activities and events. 5. Plan, script and create viral videos and messages to communicate brand objectives and promote products. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Online/Digital Marketing Role:Social Media Marketing Manager Keyskills Marketing Brand Communication Events Digital Media Web Design Social Media Marketing UI UX Design Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 1. Project Management - The ability to start, plan, execute and complete projects and campaigns in a systematic manner. 2. Excellence in Data Visualization (Infographics). 3. Social Media Marketing - Must have sound knowledge on Content Marketing in online mediums such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Quora etc 4. Copywriting - Exposure on working on Ad-copy content & E-Mail Subject lines. 5. Content Writing - Must possess excellent content writing skills to work on Website, Blog and Email content. Deep understanding of brand marketing and how to build superior strategies to maximize brand impact. 6. Videos - Efficient in scripting, directing and creating infographic and motion graphic videos. 7. Web design - Should have good visual skills to work closely with stakeholders to give creative inputs to create new web pages. Basic knowledge in UI/UX design.Skills: Web Design, Social Media Marketing, UI/UX Design, Project Management, Content Creation, Content Writing, Copy Writing and Editing, Technical Writing Company Profile: Cubical Laboratories The Solution, which is the first ever attempt on making IoT available to homes in the developing world, has 3 major aspects to it: 1. Controlling Electrical Appliances from anywhere in the world: Switch any electrical device on/off or simply schedule it to a preset time Control the intensity of fans, incandescents 7 leds. 2. Monitoring the energy usage: Estimate & analyze the electricity bill distribution w.r.t various appliances Get suggestions on when to replace wasteful devices 3. Integration with multiple platforms Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details