TITLE: Java Production Support

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Java Production Support (Rotational Shift) Experience: 4 Years Qualification: B.E. / B. Tech. / MCA / PGDCA / M.Sc. (CS) /M.E. / M. Tech Location: Noida (Delhi/NCR) Roles and Responsibilities - Participate in the customization and maintenance of software applications. Involved in supporting a large scale legacy modernization using Java architecture. Ensure delivering client engagements with a focus on common tools, technologies, and methodologies. Responsible for providing support to the end client. Should have experience on Java Production support projects and open to work in rotational shifts. Skills and Specifications Knowledge/Exposure of Middleware (i.e. GlassFish3.1 application server). Good knowledge of SQL. L2 Support Environment. Working knowledge of Web Services, SOAP, SOAPUI, Integration Tools (Any) Good understanding of J2EE frameworks. Good understanding of Health Care domain. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Experience in Client interaction. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to balance and prioritize work. Should be open for 24*7*365 support project and willing to work in shifts. Salary:INR 7,50,000 - 9,50,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Technical Support Engineer Keyskills Production Support Core Java j2ee Java Support Rotational Shift My Sql L2 Support Java L2 Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Damco Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Damco is a fast growing IT Solutions and Services provider. Started in 1996, Damco has clients all round the globe and has offices in UK, USA, Luxembourg and Australia apart from its world-class facilities in New Delhi NCR, Chandigarh and Hyderabad, India. Damco provides Onsite Consulting services, Offshore development and testing services. Our array of services includes software development, maintenance, re-engineering, software testing, technical documentation, professional services and data management services. Our core competency lies in the development and maintenance of distributed and enterprise-wide robust applications using the latest technologies. Our vast portfolio of projects covers extensive work in the Internet and Intranet technologies, mission-critical web and enterprise n-tier applications, systems programming and BPO. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details