TITLE: Sr. Executive-HR

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, We are looking for HR professionals in Hospital industry with an excellent exposure in Hospital HR Operations. Job Title - Senior Executive Human Resources Job Location - Chembur, Tardeo (Mumbai) SUMMARY OF POSITION: Will be responsible for managing all HR activities like Hiring, Onboarding, Employee Engagement, Payroll, Operations, Exit Formalities etc. HR Related Responsibilities a) Working with the site head and other HOD's to understand the requirements of the vacant positions and source and conduct the interviews accordingly. b) Helping in the joining formalities to the new joiners c) Coordinating with the corporate HR for Organization announcements d) Responsible for the whole employee life cycle management of Mumbai employees (Entry to Exit). e) Manage and control the training of the employees as per need identification and training calendar. f) Conducting the employee engagement activities under the guidance of site head and reporting manager. g) Establishing the strong connect with the employees through proper channels of communication such as Town Halls, Skip Levels, Motivating mails to the employees etc. h) Establishing proper reward and recognition schemes with the guidance of site head and reporting manager. Office day to day administration activities a) Maintaining the office ambience, b) Up-keeping of office, c) Transport management, Cafeteria management, office maintenance work, d) EPABX management, e) Time Office, f) Stock Management of Stationary items and other admin related items g) Daily Dispatch, h) Admin MIS support, i) Arranging meetings / event arrangements, etc. j) Security Services k) Contract Management and related compliance h) Handling employees grievances related admin services and others and report to the reporting manager. i) Follow up with the finance team for Vendor Payments. j) Vehicle parking of the employees. k) Local Purchase l) Hotel Booking and travel ticket bookings MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Experience: Atleast 3 - 4 years of experience in Hospital HR Operations Kindly share your profiles at harmeet.kaur@neweraindia.com Regards Harmeet Kaur Ph: 011-48888608 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, HR/Industrial Relations Company Profile: New Era India Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. A global leader in manufacturing of Laboratory/Fine Chemicals; Pharmaceutical domain. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details