TITLE: Knowledge Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Knowledge Management- 3 to 6 years Mumbai We are hiring candidates with experience in Knowledge Management for Mumbai location. Specification / Skills / Experience ? Coordinate with the Knowledge Representatives within countries to assist in knowledge submissions across all service offerings Help increase awareness of KM by creating and maintaining Knowledge Training materials that can be used by consultants within the region Helping reference submitted deliverables to best- in- class methods Maintaining engagement credentials / qualifications to assist in the Sales Process Support sales / delivery knowledge requests from senior management Communicate industry, technical, and client knowledge on a timely basis to the entire team. Ensure enhanced visibility of knowledge management and its support functions for an improved customer acceptance, including effective communication to drive knowledge sharing across the community. Enhance knowledge sharing on the topics of business priority with the latest content of high business value Identify measure and document knowledge utilization metrics. Network with Subject Matter Experts and capture our key intellectual property (IP) and domain expertise. Assume accountability for all the tasks related to the KM processes. Ensure to instill a knowledge sharing culture within the team. ?????????? Location : Mumbai Experience: 3 to 6 yrs Primary Skills (Must have) knowledge management experience in IT or ITES industry Good exposure to social media tools and other KM technologies Understanding of knowledge management principles Ability to rapidly assimilate new technologies and business functions Fluent English Communication Skills (Oral, Written & Presentation) Good research skills. Ability to quickly digest and compare/ contrast large amounts of written material Excellent organizational skills and attention to details Excellent networking and relationship- building skills Proven ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously balancing project work with high- priority requests Familiarity and experience in IT Services is preferred Understanding of key software tools and technologies Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Capgemini Technology Services India Limited Capgemini Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details