TITLE: Product Development Director Defense / Radio Communication

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Note : Responsible for leading the organization in research for product enhancements and product redesign for the Defense vertical. Main skills around Java / RIA / Linux. Experience = 15 yrs Job Description: Selects correct design concepts and fundamental technology used for new products or improvement for existing ones Develops and implements methods and procedures for monitoring projects. Interact with cross functional teams for Product Development from product specifications, coding, testing, acceptance with end user. Must Have: Bachelors or Masters degree in Engineering preferably in Computer Science. 16 Years of experience in software development and R&D. A minimum of 12 to 14 years of experience in product engineering on Java based technologies on windows and Linux platforms. Experience of developing highly user interactive Rich client Applications involving Java Swing/ FX programming. Experience in defense domain will be preferred. Ability to review architecture, HLD, LLDs and knowledge in modern design patterns Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions Process orientation; demonstrated ability to develop repeatable processes or improve existing processes in and out of product development, experience with agile development processes. Project management skills; will have demonstrated the ability to push projects over the finish line with sound planning and persistent execution; will understand how to align resources, seek the input of key constituents, and manage others to achieve desired results; Open and collaborative style; must be comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged. Exceptional communication skills Energy and enthusiasm; candidates must find the work "fun" and enjoy being accountable and willing to hold others accountable. Knowledge of GIS domain with Radio Communication Technology will be of additional advantage. Required Candidate Profile KeySkills : Java, RIA, Linux, Swing, FX, Radio Communication, Defense Education : B.Tech and Above Company Profile Computer Software, IT Software, Enterprise Software, Defense Industry Type : Telecom / Datacom Role : Product Development Director Defense / Radio Communication @ Mumba Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: ONS Search With over 15 years in contingency search across various verticals, industries and hierarchies; we are now a trusted partner to various Leading Global multinationals, both products and services, and boast of an excellent track record of delivering top notch talent across the board. We are highly rated by each client we work with. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details