TITLE: HR Executive

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Creating awareness, implementation and timely dissemination of Policies and Practices pertaining to HR on operation floor. Handling the employees issues and ensuring all the issues are resolved on time. Providing help and coordination with line managers for on time completion of appraisals (Mid term and annual) and maintaining the dashboard for same. Handholding the new joined on the operations floor. Facilitating and coordinating for Rewards &Recognition at the team/process level. Conducting one-o-one sessions with employees to endure employees are comfortable with the system. Conducting skip levels meeting with the employees along with the head HR and function head. Direct interaction with Candidate &Clients The candidate would be involved with all aspects of Recruitment, and also would be responsible for maintaining Employee Relations activities as well. Has experienced in Recruitment, or if a Fresher, must be good in convincing candidates to change into a Better JOB. Good communication &Presentation Skills HR Diploma will be an added advantage Responsible for Back Office Placements Ability to handle employees' issues. Ability to create high HR visibility on operation floor. Skills to coordinate with respective managers for completion of various activities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Keyskills operations recruitment diploma coordination handling coordinating policies rewards maintaining dashboard Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: NeoSOFT Technologies Established in 1996 Neosoft Technologies is a complete IT solutions company, providing software development and IT services to corporations worldwide. Neosoft's world-class offshore services offer cutting-edge IT solutions across a range of industry and technology segments to Enterprises and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details