TITLE: SENIOR ENGINEERING ASSISTANTS (DRAFTING)- ELECTRICALS DRAFTING

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The marketing / business development team is typically responsible for building relationships with clients and potential clients, making cold calls, tracking down new leads, doing the legwork and recon on potential leads, and developing materials such as request for proposal (RFP) and request for qualification (RFQ) responses, experience lists, promotional materials, and so on. The marketing / business development team should work in close partnership with the firms principals and senior staff. The principal business development responsibilities are primarily to build great relationships with their clients and new potential clients (ultimately people give work to people, not companies), and to do great engineering work (clients give work to reliable people who have proven work records). Responsiveness and pro activeness are also key pieces of providing extreme service to clients; we must ultimately remember that we are a service industry - successful firms provide service to clients, not just drawings or reports. The senior staff is also responsible for writing fee proposals and supporting the business development team with technical information and input. One often overlooked business development opportunity for our staff is speaking engagements. Whether its for your local codes, or at regional or national conference, any time you can represent yourself and your firm as a subject - matter expert to a group of peers, clients, or potential clients, its a great business development opportunity. Five rules of business development The keys to better business development and winning more projects can be summed up in the following rules: The business development team is typically responsible for building relationships with clients and potential clients, making cold calls, tracking down new leads, doing the legwork and recon on potential leads, and developing materials such as request for proposal (RFP) and request for qualification (RFQ) responses, experience lists, promotional materials, and so on. The marketing / business development team should work in close partnership with the firms principals and senior staff. The principal business development responsibilities are primarily to build great relationships with their clients and new potential clients (ultimately people give work to people, not companies), and to do great engineering work (clients give work to reliable people who have proven work records). Responsiveness and pro - activeness are also key pieces of providing extreme service to clients; we must ultimately remember that we are a service industry - successful firms provide service to clients, not just drawings or reports. The senior staff is also responsible for writing fee proposals and supporting the business development team with technical information and input. We are looking for energetic professionals to join the Business Development Team in Bangalore.Desired Profile:This position will have responsibility for Business Development Efforts, encompassing client relationship development and maintenance. - - MBA in Business Administration with 3 - 5 years of experience are required for this position. - - Candidates with 3 - 5 years of experience are required for this post. - - Good written and Communication skills. - - Established client base is a must. - - Preferred Industry include: Construction, Architecture and Real Estate Developers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: GEMINI TECHNICAL ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Gemini is in the business of rendering specialized consulting services for various engineering streams. Our team of technical experts caters a wide range of engineering consultancy needs. We go and touch every sphere of life right from Structural Engineering, Mechanical Engineering & Electrical Engineering Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details