TITLE: Senior Associate - Operations

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Key Responsibilities Work closely with the Operations Manager to maintain and improve current budget and financial management processes to improve the accuracy of forecasting and minimize variance from planned targets Develop and operationalize new systems and approaches to more efficiently manage the officersquos finances Support activities around payroll, vendor payments, maintenance of the book of accounts, compliance with statutory regulations and maintenance of personnel records. Support the set-up, registration and completion of statutory compliances for new entities in India Support the maintenance of office facilities, manage relationships with multiple vendors and organize logistics for program events Actively participate and collaborate with the finance and accounts, human resources and project teams in other network centersQualifications A degree in accounting, finance, business or non-profit management, or a related field would be helpful, but it is not essential. We are willing to consider a candidate with a different academic background but with some work experience in this field. At least 4-5 years full time work experience in financial management and administration or a related field Strong computer skills including high level of comfort with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc), web-based communications (e.g., Skype, GoToMeeting, etc.), and Internet research. Organized and detail-oriented Comfortable working in a fast-paced, multi-cultural, global workplace Adaptable and flexible to shifting opportunities, priorities and needs. Should be able to deal with high levels of ambiguity and work with team members to find practical solutions. Interest in sustainable transport, urban development, and environmental issues is a plus Capability to learn and use software applications that are used by WRI. Flexible individual who can work independently, with little direction and supervision. Strong analytical capabilities Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Asset Operations/Documentation-Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: EMBARQ India EMBARQ catalyses and helps implement environmentally, socially, and financially sustainable urban mobility solutions to improve quality of life in cities. EMBARQ focuses on sustainable urban mobility, while the broader WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities works on sustainable cities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details