TITLE: Technical Support Engineer

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Objective Texecom in the recent past has come to grow at a fast pace. With new client acquisitions, there is a need to support dedicatedly to the ongoing project (in Airoli) This project is expected to run a minimum of 1 year with an expected extension upto 2 years. Immediately, this person will be required to be stationed at the client office in Airoli and support all technical issues there. Going ahead, this candidate should take up technical support responsibility for the western region and also support in Sales. Responsibilities Single handedly undertake complete Customer Support, including upfront phone support, personal product demonstrations for solving all customer issues effectively and reliably. Conduct onsite audits of potential customers' current solutions, responding to requests for information or pricing and preparing sales package proposals so as to serve the prospective clients better To inform product development and marketing/sales personnel about evolving customer preferences, complaints and needs, in addition to the status of competitors' efforts and trends in the overall industry and marketplace which will help to formulate responses and market strategies Creating awareness of the company's products, and working closely with potential customers to determine how the company can best serve their unique needs. Creating deeper product awareness in the marketplace than that achieved by the marketing/sales department to build product/ brand recall. Marketing responsibilities include performing demonstrations at trade shows and other events, creating product presentations and technical sales and support literature. Success factors Proactively dealing with the customers Maturity to drive things and be assertive Maintain sensitivity and empathy towards customers to give them the best possible lsquocustomer service experiencersquo. Academic qualification Degree/ Diploma in Electronics/ Computers/ Network Engineering Experience Total experience 3 - 5 years experience Hands on experience as a support engineer 2 years Experience in Installation and maintenance of security products at client site Ability to read and interpret technical specifications and wiring diagrams Exposure to security industry or networking or electronics industry would be an added advantage Online and Telephonic Troubleshooting Skills Knowledge of Troubleshooting Network Related Issues Experience of working on IP related Security Systems an added advantage 3 Key attributes Excellent interpersonal, presentation and conversational skills; positive in learning Able to work independently with minimal supervision. Able to communicate technical and business information to widely varied audiences Strong analytical/issue solving skills. Willingness to go that extra mile to assist customers in and pre sales, post sales queries and product support. Excellent Knowledge of Computer Networking ,Troubleshooting Network related issues would be an added advantage. Competencies Customer Focus Customer Management Concern for Quality Results Orientation, Flexibility, Adaptability Ability to prioritize multiple projects Strong Written / Verbal Communication Skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:Technical Support Role:Technical Support Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Halma Trading & Services India Texecom is one of the largest independent security alarm specialistdesigning and manufacturing solutions that protect people and propertythroughout the world. Texecoms award-winning products cover everyaspect of external and internal security requirements, including a full rangeof motion detectors, control panels, perimeter protection devices, firedetectors and external sounders. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details