TITLE: Business Consultant-field Corporate Sales, , Mumbai

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Consultant-Field Corporate Sales, Business Development, Client Interaction, Strategy Planning, Management Skills, Client Co-ordination Reporting : Zonal Head or Director Providing Software solutions to the Corporate Clients in BFSI Working with Sales head to achieve results. Relationship management. Field Sales Initiating client meetings from leads given Taking Sales Head for meetings to close project deals Lead Generation for other clients Marketing and persuasive communication skills. Adaptability, dedication and focus. Intuitive and quick understanding of client needs. Company profile NeSecure Networks Pvt Ltd Computer & Network Security 51-200 employees We are a professional expertise of founding members in Strategy , Design , deployment and efficient management in Telecom and ISP Network and IT Security services. Nesecure aims to gain a comprehensive understanding of Network & security requirements, design new or re-architect existing network infrastructure adding scalability for a future proof network , Create Operational efficiencies through optimized Quality of Service .Enhance Business agility through effective design and management of the network & security services. OBJECTIVE To be known as a leading Network and IT Security company in India and gain a significant share in the Banking , Financial and Logistics segment. Specialties ISP Network, Connectivity Solutions, IT Security, IPSEC VPN, Firewall Industry Computer & Network Security Company Size 51-200 employees Founded- 2013 CTC- 20-25K pm + Laptop, Dongle, Travelling Expenses,+ incentives Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Personnel Search Services Pvt Ltd Personnel Search Services (PSS) is India's first professional run Executive Search firm (June, 1981) and the flagship company of the group which includes its International Partner Ray & Berndtson, which is among the leading International Executive Search firms globally. Both these firms focus on the Executive Search needs at senior and top managenent levels with its client companies, in India and Internationally. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details