TITLE: Paytm is Hiring for a Talent Acquisition (recruitment) - Mumbai

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are hiring for Recruitment Executive Job Responsibilities: 1. Work closely with Hiring Managers to develop position profile and to understand overall needs and requirements. 2. Develop appropriate sourcing strategies for each role. 3. Develop and Manage strong consultative relationships with hiring managers and candidates. 4. Solicit and document hiring manager and candidate feedback throughout the interview process. 5. Experience in Vendor Management, driving the entire vendor management 6. Experience in Bulk Hiring 7.Past experience in hiring sales executive. 8. Should be open to travel Qualifications Required: 1.Must have significant recruiter experience, in multiple recruiting environments. 2. Exceptional oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills. 3. Skilled in soliciting input and proactively evaluating business hiring needs. 4. Strong problem solving ability 5. Proven ability to take initiative and look beyond current role openings and identify strong industry talent. 6. Ability to accurately and articulately document information. 7. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in teams; share responsibility for results, provide and accept feedback. Experience: 0.6 months to 2 years Walk in Details: Date: 29th Nov to 2nd Dec Time: 10 AM to 1PM Venue: One97 Communications Ltd., 4th Floor, Enterprise Centre, Domestic Airport, Next to Orchid Hotel, Nehru Road, Vile Parle (East) Mumbai - 400099 Contact Person:Chinmayi Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: One97 Communications Limited One97 is India& leading Mobile Internet Company. Driven by great consumer experience One97 offers digital goods &; services to mobile consumers under Paytm brand. Company also offers Mobile Advertising and Mobile Payments for merchants. One97 is backed by marquee investors like SAIF Partners, Intel Capital, SAP Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank and has 1100+ employees working from offices in India, Middle East and Africa. For more info visit www.one97.com www.paytm.com www.one97mobilityfund.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details