TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Identify business targets and scanning/comprehending the market for business potential to secure business for the organization. Formulating strategies for bringing in business and generating reports. Respond and seek clarifications from prospects on the RFPs to enable correct business proposal. Winning and securing business for the organization by making calls to the prospective clients, pitching the business service, sending/seeking requisite information/proposal and follow up with persistence reflecting the win-win synergies due to the organizational edge. Winning business through process of qualifying and developing relationships. Target driven with maturity and ability to sell/convince the prospect of the business proposition and ensure closure of order. Excellent client or customer interfacing skills. Have a polished level of presentation in English communication and should possess leadership qualities Ability to network and create conducive business relationship with prospects to secure business for the organization. Good Logic and analytical capabilities. Motivation to achieve desired business targets/objectives. Thorough with MS Excel, Power-point and Visio (added advantage). Must have One Yr of Exp. as BD in IT Company with exposure of international Market. Should have experience in Direct Sales and Business Development leading to consistent sales performance for International processes. Keeping records of sales targets and actual figures and compiling them into reports for management Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills bd direct sales analytical english scanning visio international market business development executive targets organization Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: NeoSOFT Technologies Established in 1996 Neosoft Technologies is a complete IT solutions company, providing software development and IT services to corporations worldwide. Neosoft's world-class offshore services offer cutting-edge IT solutions across a range of industry and technology segments to Enterprises and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details