TITLE: Manage r- Sr. Solution Designer (Pre Sales)

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Create prototype model for solution based on understanding of customer requirements. Provide solutioning support to sales teams for specific deals. Work with Product team to enhance the service offering . May lead important projects that require providing experienced project team members with instruction, guidance and advice in all aspects of the project to ensure delivery of quality outcomes. Able to independently resolve complex projects, issues, challenges encountered. Operational role, responsible for delivering results that have direct impact on the achievement of results within the job area and may also impact a wider operational area. Capable of instructing professional or technical staff and reviewing the quality of the work undertaken by these roles. Self- sufficient, capable of identifying key issues and priorities and focusing on these to deliver required results with minimal direction and supervision. Demonstrate a level of flexibility in resolving problems/ issues that at least to in- depth command of all techniques, processes, tools and standards, within the relevant field of specialisation. Able to identify problems and significantly improve, change or adapt existing methods and techniques. Might lead/ mentor small teams Work- group/ team focus. Graduate in Engineering Experience : 4- 7 years Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Tata Communications Ltd Tata Communications Limited is a global Telecom Indian business conglomerate Tata Group. The companys infrastructure includes sub-sea, terrestrial communications networks, data centers and it provides fixed line and wireless services Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details