TITLE: Urgent Opening_scrum Master_bangalore/hyderabad

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greeting of the day! We are looking for Scrum Master for one of our clients. Experience - 6-9 Years Work Location - Hyderabad/Bangalore Below is the JD: Technical Environment 1. Good hands-on experience in C#, ASP.NET MVC, WebAPI 2. Having exposure to any of JavaScript frameworks (AngularJS, NodeJS, ) 3. Exposure to Atlassian tools like JIRA, Confluence would be added advantage. 4. Having knowledge in tools like Git, SVN, Jenkins, Nexus OSS will be added advantage Key Accountabilities 1. Manage SCRUM teams by adhering to SCRUM processes a. Pre-Sprint Planning b. Sprint Planning c. Daily stand-up calls. d. Facilitate team with the work assigned. e. Show & Tell of the functionality developed. 2. Participate in designing Models, Contracts of the project. 3. Active involvement of code review. 4. Interact with customers on understanding the domain / functional knowledge. If interested, please share the updated resume at careers@ssb-consulting.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Scrum Master Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Company Profile: UVANTAGE Consultants India Private Limited Uvantange Consultants (An SSB Consulting Company) SSB Consulting is specializing in IT Consulting and we deliver technology-enabled business solutions that helps companies benefit from cutting edge services. We assist Tier-1 Global Organizations with their talent acquisition objectives and provide talented individuals in niche technologies. We deliver value to our customers and provide services in multiple verticals (e.g., Banking and Finance, Education, Health care, Telecommunications and Technology). Please visit us on www.ssb-consulting.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details