TITLE: Client Servicing - Digital

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Profile/ Description: To acquire new clients and ensure quality delivery standards. High involvement in Research, Planning & Strategy making to ensure new client participation. Should be updated with the latest technology & regular market information to ensure selling the service at the right time, as per the client pitch. Negotiate with Clients on cost estimation and budget to ensure good results & maximum profitability Act as a single point of contact between the client and the internal team. Understanding the clients event requirement & accordingly involve the internal team to provide innovative solutions & measures. To provide timely feedback to the internal Team and make sure appropriate revisions are made to the concept, design, estimate, etc. To coordinate with all the departments and ensure execution on all fronts from pre to post events. Experience: 3- 5 years from Digital/ Healthcare background Other/ Special Requirements: Good Communication & Social Skills Can handle a Brand Independently and has worked in hard core advertising all through the working experience Robust knowledge of back- end Operations Capacity to handle large projects Ability to manage big responsibility and ensure error- free delivery Look for business opportunities in existing and new clients Cost management and optimization on vendor and resource. Focus on innovation Ability to work long hours with flexibility, to meet project deadlines Data Archiving End to end Capability (Brief to Billing). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Insignia Communications Pvt. Ltd. Our vision is to create a eco-system of need based unbiased and relevant medical programs, disseminated in a unique differential manner. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details