TITLE: Pmo Head

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: We are urgently hiring candidates for PMO heads role Experience: 15+ yrs. PMO Head: 1. Qualification Bachelor's degree in Engineering and certification in project management - PMP 2. Experience Minimum 15 + years post qualification. In a related area of system Integration including but not limited to hardware and software. Familiar with concepts, practices, and procedures within SI domain in one or more than one of the domains , Viz Electronic Surveillance , Energy management, intelligent Transport, media broadcasting, IT services and e- governance . Desired to be well acquainted with Microsoft excel , Microsoft project . 3. Skills Possess demonstrated skills in Project management and program management. Accomplished leader in Project Management Function. Knowledge of ITIL processes will be an added advantage 4 Job Description Directs project management staff, and works with other department leaders to define, prioritize, and develop projects and programs. Develops, implements, improves PMO processes and policies Updates senior management with projects progress , forecast and suggest remedial action Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals A wide degree of creativity and latitude is required. Experience in risk management and mitigation. Experience in reviewing projects and managing people. 15 years to 20 years PMO, PM, Project management office, PM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details