TITLE: Senior Manager, AAC Consulting

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this About Us In 100 countries around the world, Nielsenprovides clients the most complete understanding of what consumers watch andbuy. As a global leader in measurement andinformation, we believe providing our clients a precise understanding of theconsumer is the key to making the right decisions - - decisions that can lead toprofitable growth. At Nielsen, were always innovating to keep pace withemerging market trends and the increasingly diverse, demanding and connectedconsumer. After nearly a century, were more focusedand skilled than ever at providing the complete view of what consumers watchand buy through powerful insights that clarify the relationship between contentand commerce. Whether our clients are in media, consumer packaged goods, telecom or advertising, our expansive data and measurement capabilities providemarket context and confidence through our long history of innovation andintegrity. Role Description: Designation: Senior Manager, Advance AnalyticalConsulting Location: Mumbai Unit: AAC, Sales Effectiveness Job Summary: The Manager/ SeniorExecutive will be responsible for interpreting briefs in conjunction withclient servicing teams, designing the analytical approach and then executingprojects; particularly in the field of distribution analytics, forecasting andensuring on- time and quality delivery. Buildingrelationships with clients and internal stakeholders and driving businessgrowth of our solutions. He/ she willlead a small team of product experts to deliver the projects. He/ she will beresponsible for the overall growth of his team and talent management. As theManager grows in experience the profile will require that he/ she startscontributing towards improving our analytical solutions and value addedinsights. MainAccountabilities: End to end responsibility of client projects Scoping the project to suit client businessneeds thinking of analytical solutions which will answer business questions Working with different stakeholders- Internaland external Ensure quality and insightful delivery toclients Managing client expectations and ensurequality deliveries to clients Help in new client pitches Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Desired Candidate Profile TypicalPosition Pre- requisites: Client management skills Strong communication and negotiation skills Team working skills Statistical knowledge working understandingof basic techniques like ANOVA, Sig Testing, Regression Experience of running regression models and SASis required Experience on making simulators andexcel dashboards is a plus Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: The Nielsen Company Nielsen offers an integrated suite of market information gathered from a wide range of sources, advanced information management tools, sophisticated analytical systems and methodologies, and dedicated professional client service to help our clients find the best paths to growth. Clients work with our services to: Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details