TITLE: Consultant- Sap.Sd

SKILLS: IT Software - ERP

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: We are urgently hiring candidates for SAP.SD consultants Need candidates with at least 4 - 12 yrs of experience Location: Vizag, Mumbai, Bangalore, NCR, Kolkata, Hyderabad Job Description: Complete knowledge about SAP SD Strong knowledge in business requirement gathering, Initial stock upload, Test Scripts/ Case preparation, User manual preparation, Unit testing and Integration testing. Should have strong cross module functional knowledge between SD with CIN Implementation+CIN exp is must Gather/ document functional requirements and translate functional needs into technical solutions Configure, test, support and implement SAP SD solutions Design, develop, and configure software systems to meet market and/ or client requirements either end- to- end from analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance (including testing), to delivery and maintenance of the software product or system or for a specific phase of the lifecycle. Apply knowledge of technologies, applications, methodologies, processes and tools to support a client, project or entity. Vizag, Mumbai, Bangalore, NCR, Kolkata, Hyderabad 4 years to 12 year Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - ERP , CRM Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details