TITLE: HR Manager

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Ability to quickly master new technologies and push the envelope for performance and reliability. Should have good communication skills. Should have good experience in recruiting human resource for IT company. Maintain and enhance the organization's human resources by planning, implementing, and evaluating employee relations and human resources policies, programs, and practices. Maintain the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions. Maintain organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing program; counseling managers on candidate selection; conducting and analyzing exit interviews; recommending changes. Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Maintains human resource staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: OrisysIndia Consultancy Services LLP Orisys India is a professional web & application development services company focused on conceiving, developing and distributing customer-focused IT solutions for the fortune elite as well as small to mid-sized business. Orisyss vision is to see farther, to seek out competitive advantages for our clients through the innovative use of technology, and to help them achieve long-term success and prosperity. Our singular objective is to provide uncompromising customer services and satisfaction regardless of the type of product or service offered.Over the last few decades, technology has changed the world of business. Today, access to information is the key success factor. More and more companies, regardless of their size and citizenship, use the advantages of technology to maximize their business success. Our mission is to enable people and companies to maximize their business success, ie, to develop smarter solutions for smarter people . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details