TITLE: Technical Writer

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Write, edit and update technical documents for software product, including manual, online Help, etc. Understand the client's requirements to understand the solution and technical writing requirements. Work with others in the team to design the technical writing deliverables required by the client. Design the look and feel of the deliverable. Write the content for deliverable. Typical deliverables include user manuals, case studies, data sheets, API documentation, white papers, proposals, training material, courseware, parts manuals, technical references, etc. Responsible for editorial reviews to ensure accuracy, consistency and usability of the contents. Responsible for technical editing. Ability to interact with developers. Grasp the technical concepts quickly and have an analytical approach to documentation Should have a good command over English language. Write content for website. Writing and presenting the information in clear and simple English Understanding the business systems and applications for which documentation/proposals is to be prepared Any graduate with a good command over the English language (both written and verbal). Have an eye for detail and a commitment to delivering inventive solutions that will help the users get the best out of the product. Have the aptitude to look beyond the surface, research and add value to the deliverable in terms of domain expertise and functionality. Be able to work with minimal supervision. Have good communication skills. Have established experience in technical writing, instructional design, courseware development, editing and/or content development. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills technical writing editorial website documentation case studies documents english language content development eye for detail write Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: NeoSOFT Technologies Established in 1996 Neosoft Technologies is a complete IT solutions company, providing software development and IT services to corporations worldwide. Neosoft's world-class offshore services offer cutting-edge IT solutions across a range of industry and technology segments to Enterprises and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs). Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details