TITLE: Operations Director, Global Technology Services

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Integrate and collaborate with offshore management on the direction and execution of the teams. Overall accountability for quality and ultimate point of escalation for execution of projects. Define, execute and monitor the local operating plan for Cornerstone OnDemand technical and backoffice teams as based on the overall corporate strategy. While tying into corporate goals, be able to look forward and strategize, positioning the team to handle the company growth. Establish and monitor team performance against key metrics and suggest ways for course correction, as needed. Be the advocate and champion of the local staff. Provide effective leadership and management for local technical team resources. Provide mentoring and career pathing options and opportunities. Ensure recruiting pipeline is kept filled and hiring process is optimized. Oversee onboarding and ongoing training activities for resources within the span of control Promote India company best practices for an MNC and a proper India software development center culture across the international organization. Understand current workstreams and be able to suggest ways to improve, either via technical refactoring or process improvement. Serve as the senior point of escalation and issue resolution for all technical teams. Provide status on ongoing high- profile projects as well as ensure the team is producing meaningful overall status and metrics to senior management and its internal clients. Coordinate efforts and execution with offshore internal clients and agility to work in a global organization, with resources in a variety of time zones. Assume responsibility for consistent fulfillment of deliverable's to agreed- upon service levels on- time and on- budget. Identify areas of improvement in terms of converting script- based updates into a Tools- based environment whereby integration work is packaged for execution by upstream, less technical resources. Review resourcing allocations and suggest right- sizing resource assignments. Identify opportunities to increase profitability and enhance service delivery. Liaise with external vendors for building and maintaining physical infrastructure. Anticipate and remove technical roadblocks, as needed. Provide technical guidance and consultation to clients integrating to a SaaS solution, as needed. Enabling the effective referral of sales opportunities from partners; supporting the Company sales efforts Qualifications Overall 15 years of relevant work experience of which the most recent 5 years should be in a management role. Noted track record of mentorship, performance improvement and career building up and down the organizational chart. Prior successful management within an offshore development center and an international organization with a US or European reporting structure. Ability to craft, lead, evolve, inspire and mentor via the onboarding and ongoing technical skill set of the team. Well- established understanding of software development and the SDLC lifecycle, either in a global software product company or in the internal IT department of a global organization. A long- standing managerial background over technical resources, with experience identifying solutions that integrate Enterprise applications, SAAS or other complex services. Knowledge with Microsoft . NET, XML and SQL Server. Knowledgeable in best practices of the technical direction of project and teams. A well- documented list of accomplishments of providing strategic leadership resulting in marked improvements in product quality and time- to- deliver. Lead by Data: Documented history of establishing and refining metrics to manage and run the business. Skill in resource management and workload balancing. Ability to get his/ her point across verbally and through written communication effectively. Understanding of cultural diversity and the ability to work in a cross- cultural environment. Ability to build collegiality and policy adherence in an evolving environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Operations Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details