TITLE: Lead Web Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Should Support the analytic needs of a business unit by analyzing web traffic using largely Google Analytics Premium + other clickstream tools like Clever Tab, and other attribution tools Should create holistic dashboards by pulling data from different data sources and websites for presentations to senior management team. Should collaborate with external partners such as Agencies to assist with data collection and reporting. Should lead driving core insights from the data to suggest, create and execute multivariate or a/ b/ c tests that drive fundamental improvements to the site experience. Senior Business Analysts will typically focus on the specific needs of multiple business units and support all facets of the decision making platform (clickstream analysis, outcomes analysis, search analysis, multivariate testing analysis). They will also work with the website technology team closely to identify gaps in the data capture strategy and collaboratively implement enhancements. They will also be expected to partner outside the business units and outside the company to ensure that best practices in metrics and decision making are being exposed to the BU management and core website decision makers. Should have an Engineering degree (MBA preferred). Should have atleast 6- 8 years of working with standard clickstream analysis tools: Google Analytics (preferred) Omniture, ClickTracks, WebTrends, HBX, CoreMetrics etc. Should have deep understanding of GA setup, Events setup, Data Layers, Enhanced Ecommerce, working with Big Query essential Should have experience in advanced web analytics methodologies such as experimentation and testing, competitive analysis, surveys and market research. Should have 3- 5 years of experience in one or more roles in an online ecommerce or online support environments. Should have 3- 5 years of experience in using the Microsoft Office suite with very strong Excel skills. Should have 3- 5 years of business analysis experience in large size companies with multiple functions / business units preferred. Should have mid- level expertise in the SEM (Search Engine Marketing) / PPC (Pay Per Click) and SEO (Search Engine Optimization) strategies and a minimum one year experience measure success of SEM/ PPC and SEO campaigns / efforts. Should have excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources Should prepare weekly, monthly reports (excel, BI tools, clickstream analytics). Should lead development of senior management dashboards. Should know website behaviour and customer experience analysis. Should know data consolidation and validation. Should know coordinating tags, tracking parameter implementations. Should be involved in Lead creation and completion of Multivariate and A/ B testing documents (from hypothesis creation to influencing creatives to identifying success metrics) and post test analysis. Should gather business requirements synthesised from multiple sources including product managers, development teams, and functional group members. Should prepare documentation relating to existing processes and suggestion / presentations for improving those processes. Should prepare effective and persuasive presentations (verbal and written) for project teams and business leaders Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: BigTree Entertainment Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. is India's premiere comprehensive ticketing, information and analysis solutions provider. Established since 1999, Bigtree started by setting up India's first entertainment ticketing company, with the aid of a profitable investment made by Chase Capital Partners JP Morgan. It provides cinemas and event organizers as well as the consumers a complete range of solution through call centers, Internet ticketing, kiosk and a mobile ticketing platform. Today Bigtree's tentacles extend across the entire matrix of the motion picture distribution and exhibition. With a dedicated team of over 300 people, Bigtree is poised for growth in each sphere of its operations. Bigtree has also significantly attracted renowned investors like the TV18 group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details