TITLE: Creative Technologist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As a creative technologist, your role is part right brain, part left brain, a bridge between ideas and technology. Your role is to come up with creative ideas and translate them technically (and practically), providing innovative solutions that are technology based. You are interested in investigating and experimenting with emerging platforms and frameworks. You should be able to analyze a user experience through a behavioral lens and have ability to identify?and analyze current and future UX technology trends.? ? The ideal candidate will be well versed in ideation and visual design of campaigns across multiple media and creating storytelling within the overall marketing mix. A kick - butt software developer and prototyper that is passionate about creating engaging experiences. ? ? What exactly is the job role Provide sound and responsible but innovative digital marketing ideas for client brands, which are technology or platform led. Conceptualise the idea from end to another and prototype the same Convert the idea into execution by way of sound UI / UX design and code. Will be supported by team of designers and coders where ever necessary The Requirements Total experience of 6 - 8 years of which minimum of 3 - 5 years experience of designing interactive web and mobile applications Fluency in principles of user - centered design methods, information architecture, usability and interface and interaction design Excellent written and verbal communication skills An enthusiasm for being updated on current technology? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: MIRUM We are a global digital agency of makers, believers and make-believers.We create experiences that people want and businesses need. We are for those who embrace the transformative power of digital. We guide brands through our three offering platforms: business transformation, experience development and commerce activation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details