TITLE: Group Head - Digital

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position at Maxus Job title Group Head Digital, Maxus, India Overview of job Maxus digital team is looking for a media professional with 5-8 years of experience in digital for a large automotive brand. You will be expected to work on digital strategy (Branding and Performance) for various brands from the clients portfolio. You should have thorough knowledge of the media marketplace and opportunities available and build constructive relationships with key media owners where relevant. You should have inclination towards an innovative approach in use of media, exploration of new forms of communication, research, presentation techniques. Reporting of the role This role reports to the Client Lead. 3 best things about the job: Huge opportunity to experiment and learn, as client has parked good budgets for experimentation Opportunity to see and learn 360degree digital planning in true sense (as we handle Media, Creative, Social, SEM, Content, Website, App, etc) Opportunity to win awards Measures of success In three months: Understand Maxus way of working and able to navigate through the verticals Handle the clients day to day requirements In six months: Involve in strategic planning Create a 360 planning approach for new campaign In 12 months: Use of proprietary tools for annual plans Lead the team Responsibilities of the role: Leading and coordinating a team of media communication professionals in the conception and delivery of innovative, well-targeted, business-building communications solutions across a variety of media Leader face to client, managing senior relationship and providing overall team leadership to client Being responsible for the teams output and talent development What you will need: 5 to 8 years of digital work experience Ability to build strategic and cooperative working relationships with colleagues, clients and other internal/ external parties Ability to anticipate and recognize opportunities and challenges Good coaching skills Ability to handle pressure About Maxus: Maxus is a marketing communications consultancy that helps marketers build profitable relationships between consumers and their brands. They combine the disciplines of communications planning and customer relationship marketing to deliver Relationship Media, a next generation model powered by creative media thinking and sophisticated, real-time customer data. Their services include communications strategy, digital marketing, direct response media, social media, data analytics, media investment management, content & sports marketing, marketing ROI evaluation and CRM. Having a talent team of 2, 500 people across 55 markets, they are part of GroupM, the world?s largest media investment management group that serves as the parent company for all of WPP?s media agencies. Over the last 12 months, Maxus has moved towards a more digitally charged media environment. It has won 14 Golds. 28 silvers. 29 bronzes metals in last 5 months across categories - Best media research / analytics, Best media strategy, Best media innovation etc. Also they have introduced proprietary tools like, Synapse, T2D (Television2Digital), Mesh, Bespoke etc. to work towards client delight. www. maxusglobal. com About India Digital media advertising in India continues to grow at 35% since 2014, cementing Indias position as the third largest internet market with close to 250m users. The Internet growth is driven by mobile data and connectivity, making it an exciting market for digital advertising and content over the next five years. India also has a booming e-commerce industry with remarkable growth potential. With a new stable government in the centre and renewed foreign investments into several industries, India is an exciting market for any media and advertising professional. GroupM APAC is committed to fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion. Our people are our strength so we respect and nurture their individual talent and potential. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Advertising Role:Media Planning Executive/Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Company Profile: GroupM Media India Private Ltd. GroupM is the Number One global media investment management group. We offer the intelligence to find or create valuable audiences, the power to engage them most effectively and efficiently, and the ability to create desired marketing outcomes Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details