TITLE: Salesforce Application Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum 2-7 years of work experience in Experience in development, enhancement, optimization and support of Salesforce applications Should be expertise in Salesofrce. com standard functionality and features (Sales, Services and Marketing), Apex Programming and Force. com Capabilities Should be familiar with General CRM functionalities Should be familiar with Development and Support project life cycle Good to have work experience in Integration projects using Web Services / Integration tools Experience in SQL query writing. Strong relational database background/ understanding. Develop Salesforce solutions, leveraging Force. com sites, Apex coding, and other technologies. Web services and the cloud to build integration points between Salesforce and back-end systems. Previously have interacted with various business user groups to gather the document requirements. Have worked in mid-size businesses using Salesforce and force. com platform extensively Worked in a small Salesforce development team fulfilling all aspects of implementation and delivery. A working knowledge of Apex, Triggers and Visualforce pages. ? Understanding of business and technical process interrelationships is essential Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Ray Business Technologies Pvt Ltd Ray Business Technologies Private Limited is a Global Information Technology (IT) Services and Solutions company. We provide cutting-edge IT Solutions to Enterprises worldwide, enabling them to utilize available resources effectively and manage the operations. Our excellent team of Technology Professionals work with enterprise clients in North America, Latin America, Australia, Europe, Middle East and Asia Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details