TITLE: Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Collaborate with other professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for application. Use tools and methodologies to create representations for functions and user interface of desired product. Develop high-level product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility. Implement the architectural decisions made by the team. Develop big data storage system with world class performance. Define all aspects of development from appropriate technology and workflow to coding standards. Communicate successfully all concepts and guidelines to engineering team. Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, modifiability, extensibility etc. Requirements At least 5 year's Software Engineering experience. At least 2 year's leadership experience. Recent experience in Architecture, Design, and Implementation of highly scalable, available and real time distributed systems. Proven experience as Solution Architect focusing on large scale, complex solutions built using Python & Django / Flask / Pyramid Framework(s). Hands on experience in software development and coding in languages like C / C / Java / Python. Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture using Frameworks like Django. Experience with Celery and other asynchronous systems. Experience with Databases like Redis, MySQl, NoSql etc. Experience with Unit Testing with Django Framework. Experience with Caching using Django / Flask / Pyramid Framework. Experience with HTML/ CSS, JavaScript and UI/ UX design. Experience with Linux (Redhat / CentOS / Ubuntu). Experience with big data system like Hadoop is a plus. Experience with Infrastructure as a Service e. g. AWS / Akamai / NetMagic. Understanding of software quality assurance principles. Must have handled 10 million concurrent request. Experience with Agile/ Scrum as software development methodology. Self-starter, creative, disciplined, result-oriented. Must have worked in Cloud based environments. A technical & analytical mindset with great attention to detail. High quality organizational skills. Outstanding communication and presentation abilities. Strong interpersonal, collaboration and leadership skills. Proven ability to build, motivate and drive a team to success. Must be a go-getter. B. Tech. / B. E. / MCA / MSc / MS in computer science, engineering or relevant field. ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Haptik Haptik is an army of real people, solving real problems in real time. We understand you\'re busy, so the idea is you outsource your headache to a Haptik Assistant and tend to the more important things in life. We get shit done for you in a matter of minutes. It\'s Reliable. It\'s Private. It\'s Fast & It\'s Painless. We are changing the way you would get work done - over chat. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details