TITLE: Walk-in for GL Accounting (senior Associate) role in EXL

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Brief description of the role: Bank Reconciliation Posting Journal Entries Reconciliation of various sub-ledger accounts Intercompany transactions and reconciliations Expense Allocations Re-class entries Book Adjustments Depreciation accounting Posting Accrual entries Prepare Operating Statements Prepare Cash Flow Prepare P&L, Trial Balance and Balance Sheet - Preparation/support for preparation of different files and financial statements for a team providing end to end accounting services to a client which includes Accounts payable, Accounts Receivable, Financial statements preparation, Audit Support etc., - Preparation and support for finalization of monthly and quarterly financials for UK , US region entities - Preparation of schedules to consolidation financial statements under US GAAP, Preparation of supporting documents for management reporting statements on a quarterly basis. Functional Skills: - Strong Accounting knowledge. - Advanced Excel knowledge. - Good Analytical knowledge. - Working knowledge of Microsoft Office 2007 Ready to work in 4PM - 1 AM shift. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Keyskills General Ledger Accounting GL Accounting General Ledger R2R RTR Recor to report Financial Statements balance sheet profit & loss financial reports p & l Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: EXL Services.com ( I ) Pvt. Ltd. EXL (Nasdaq:EXLS) is a leading business process solutions company that helps companies drive business impact and adapt faster to the changing global marketplace. EXL provides operations management, embedded analytics and technology platforms to organizations in the banking and financial services, healthcare, insurance, utilities, transportation and logistics, and travel industries. With more than 21,000 people around the world, we work with our clients as strategic partners to execute operations, identify opportunities to gain a competitive edge, and create new channels for growth and savings. Headquartered in New York and operational since 1999, EXL is present in the U.S., U.K., Singapore, Romania, the Philippines, India, Germany, Czech Republic and Bulgaria. For more information, visit www.exlservice.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details