TITLE: Business Partner (account Director)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have urgent opening for Business Partner Position with a Radio Industry. . Exp:- 7-10 yrs Designation:- Business Partner (Account Director) Location:- Mumbai (Andheri) Candidate should be ready to take F2F Interview on 5th October 2016. Job Description:- The Account Director will be held accountable for the delivery and execution for Sales accounts; processes related to financial operations across client base. This includes developing and maintaining client relationships, cultivating additional business opportunities, client presentations, proposals and work orders, as well as per project and overall client services budgeting and other financial operations as needed. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES oShould have the smartness and presence of mind to provide on the spot solutions to the business owners objections and concerns as well as to be able to Pivot from a prepped position basis the conversation oEstablish relationships with new and niche Clients to expand our reach. oMonitor trends and analytics to make product and pricing suggestions for our clients. oMaintain strong relationships with our existing partner sites to understand how we can help them grow while also knowing which product offers and price points best fit their model. oGenerate new business leads and build relationships. oSignificant interaction with clients, both face-to-face, online and over the telephone oIdentify business opportunities through research of specific industry or market oUnderstand customers business needs and gather product knowledge to meet those needs oProviding support to customers, offering clear advice and solutions wherever possible oProvide technical advice via our technical staff to customers oPreparing and delivering customer presentations and demonstrations of the software, with clarity and confidence (both face-to-face, online and over the telephone) oEnsuring high quality of service by developing a thorough and detailed knowledge of technical specifications and other features of employers systems and processes oMeeting sales targets set by management and contributing to team targets oAble to take responsibility and work on flexible basis oMaintain all sales activities Client Servicing oOn time revert to client on briefs/proposals oPost evaluations for all campaigns with a deal value of 10 Lacs per month and any other important advertiser/campaign oObjection handling oTrade Marketing activities to be suggested at the beginning of a month oBuild and maintain business relationships with key clients and agencies. Required Qualifications and Skills oMBA or a Post Graduate Professional with 8-10 years of experience oExcellent communication skills, confident, enthusiastic, attention to detail, creative oResult Oriented and Capacity to operate in a growth environment that is increasingly competitive oSet the highest ethical and professional standards oComfortable with change Please send us your updated CV in Word format to anitha@margdarshak.net and kindly provide us following (mandatory) details: 1. Present Salary: Fixed + Variable (If any) 2. Expected Salary: 3. Total Experience 4. Notice Period Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Client Relationship Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Margdarshak Consultants Pvt Ltd -- Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details