TITLE: Sr. Customer Service Executive- Freight Forwarding

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Graduate with 5 yrs. of experience in customer service & Operations in a reputed freight forwarding company. In - depth know - how about import / export / cross trade business by Sea freight & Air freight On job experience of international freight forwarding job costing and quotations. Capability to handle freight enquiries , quotations and coordination with local and international clients. Experience in rate & service negotiations with Shipping lines / airlines and overseas agents Proficiency in handling MNC clients and execution of time bound & critical sea / air shipments. Knowledge about customs procedures and port operations. Good convincing and problem solving skills. Capability to handle freight forwarding operations & customer service independently without supervision. Timely job invoicing and preparing job reports. Highly aggressive, proactive and pre planned work style. Excellent written & oral linguistics skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: AFFORD FREIGHT SERVICES PVT. LTD. Our aim has always been to offer a one-stop-shop for all. Whether it is imports or exports, we offer an unsurpassed level of service. Our recognition of being reliable on our commitments has urged the largest business houses in India to retain us for their logistics needs. We assure our customers that cargo will be delivered to their consignee as booked and always on time. We have reserved space in Custom notified CFS at Nhava Sheva and Concor CFS in Mulund ICD. We opt this to facilitate our customers to meet their month end dispatches and avoid shortfall in export removals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details