TITLE: SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Incumbent will effectively monitor, control and drive service delivery, ensuring systems, methodologies and procedures are followed. Incumbent will responsible for the management of issues and escalations to the Operations Manager for resolution. Incumbent will monitor and maintain quality and productivity. Incumbent will work closely with suppliers, partners and internal teams to monitor, manage and ensure continuous improvement of Service Delivery and best practice. Incumbent will establish and maintain effective working relationship both with customers, staff and external vendors. Incumbent will monitor the performance of internal technical team and ensures issues are escalated to Operations Manager. Incumbent will have to work with the Operations Manager to ensure an effective and appropriate allocation of resources to meet demands. Incumbent will plan activities and projects well in advance and take into account of possible changing circumstances. Incumbent will delegate the work to the technical team appropriately and fairly. Incumbent will provide clear guidance, feedback and direction and set appropriate standards of behaviour. Incumbent will be responsible for providing planning, training, coaching and conducting performance reviews. Incumbent will guide team through planning, regular meetings and decision making. Incumbent will be responsible for monthly supplier reconciliations to ensure billing is accurate and credits are issued where required. Incumbent will ensure pricing provided to the Sales Team is accurate and correct margin is added to all product sets quoted. Incumbent will have to produce the monthly reporting for the team and would have to demonstrate professional skill and a high standard of fairness and integrity. At least 2- 4 years experience, in a similar role in a customer support focused environment. Demonstrated knowledge of managing cloud and hosting operations. Background with web application and web hosting operations/ technology. 24x7 web hosting experience. COMPETENCIES / SKILLS REQUIRED Candidate should have strong Customer Service focus, sets high standards for quality and quantity. Puts people first, working effectively with individuals, clients and staff. Candidate should have strong Relationship management skills including a demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective relationships and work through others in a multi- site environment. Candidate should be an analytical thinker that can get to the heart of complex problems and issues and find appropriate solutions. Candidate should have sound decision making - Takes responsibility for actions, projects and people. Candidate will have to learn quickly when facing new problems and quickly grasps the essence and the underlying structure of anything and should be open to change and enjoy the challenge of unfamiliar tasks. Candidate would have to take initiative, act with confidence and work under own direction. Candidate would have to work in a systematic and methodical and orderly way. Candidate should have the ability to prioritise and meet deadlines. Candidate should be flexible and able to adapt to different customers, varying tasks and responsibilities. Candidate should have excellent oral and written communication skills, including report writing and presentation skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Senior Management Role:Service Delivery Leader Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: XcellHost Cloud Services Pvt. Ltd XcellHost Cloud Services Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details