TITLE: Manager, Accounts

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Mumbai What is the company like Directi is a product software company with a vision to build unique software, applications and services that leverage the internet and assist individuals to communicate, collaborate in a better way. We have our presence in over 3 countries with over 5 offices across India. Our businesses include providing various web products and services to millions of global users. Directi businesses include ResellerClub , LogicBoxes , .pw , Radix , and Skenzo . Business Unit Riva ( http: //riva.co ) is a Directi group company. At Riva, we believe that the way people communicate with each other should be richer, easier and cheaper than what it is today. With that goal, we are developing several products in the communications vertical. Our goal is to build the best real- time communication experience possible with today\'s technology. This is a large, complex problem and has the potential to impact millions of people in a positive way. Our product - http: //ringo.co - is already out in the market and making waves. We have several more in the pipeline (check http: //riva.co for details) . What is the Job like As a Corporate Accounts Manager, your responsibilities will involve developing, implementing, maintaining and managing effective accounting processes and manuals, internal controls, compliances, to ensure timely and accurate preparation and reporting of financial statements. Key responsibilities include: Developing and implementing best accounting practices and policies Ensure seamless accounting processes with adequate internal controls Responsible for monthly, quarterly and annual accounting close in compliance with Latest Accounting standards and Companies\' Act provisions Coordinate statutory audits of financial statements; Work cohesively with the FP&A team to complement them Ensure monthly TDS, service tax, etc payments are made in time Ensure all monthly reconciliation are in place Constantly endeavour to bring in efficiencies in existing processes and systems Who should apply for this role CA with at least 5 years of relevant experience Strong accounting skills with an up to date knowledge of latest accounting standards and Corporate laws Ability to work independently and as a team member with excellent interpersonal skills Knowledge of working on different accounting platforms/ systems Ability to Multi- task and work under pressure Advanced Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills Highest standards of accuracy and precision; highly organized Ability to think creatively, highly- driven and self- motivated Benefits & Perks Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code (tee- shirts are a- ok!) . We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency We are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting- edge internet products that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip- flops to work) , then we want to get to know you! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details