TITLE: R&D Engineer ( Java and Cloud )

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Applicant, For our client which is a leading telecom MNC in mobile and broadband solutions, we are seeking to identify R&D Engineers ( Java and Cloud ) for their R&D team at their technology center hub in Bangalore. Main Responsibility Area: Drive the design, implementation and testing for assigned components in respective Innovation projects Position Description: Resolve complex engineering problems of own application area. Understands software and product architecture & concepts and takes active participation in the technical decision making process. Entity level Integration Testing for the product. Collaborate closely with the Scrum team members Responsible for the quality of all the deliverables. Skills required: SW development expertise on Unix/Linux using Java/JEE Experience in scripting languages like Python Experience in using SQL databases Experience in Continuous Integration, Testing & Automation frameworks (e.g. Robot, Ansible) Experience in Cloud, virtualization & SaaS concepts Experience in Agile/scrum/DevOps practices Traits: Ability to challenge status quo, Willing to work Collaboratively for Team success, Be Self-motivated, Have a Continuous learning mindset with a Result oriented can do / Getting things done attitude 3GPP/ UMTS / LTE knowledge Salary:INR 7,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: Telecom/ISP Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java J2EE Cloud Virtualization SAAS Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Edge Executive Search Pvt. Ltd. EDGE Is a premier, professionally managed Executive Search firm established in 1990. We specialise in the search and recruitment of top-notch professionals at middle and senior management levels across a broad range of industries. We work with blue-chip world leaders to fill positions across India and at several international locations. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details