TITLE: Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Objective The test engineer will be responsible for ensuring that firmware and software developed for a product works according to specifications before it goes for production. The testing will be focused on control panel but may also include other products such as motion detectors. Responsibilities To ensure the product works according to internal specifications To test the product according to various functional standards such as EN50131, BS8243 etc. To raise any issues observed in testing and follow up with R & D for solutions. To test the product from customer point of view To prepare test cases for various features and specifications of the product 2 To assist the software engineer to write testing scripts based on the test cases Requirements A person who has worked in Security systems domain in the field of product testing, software testing as part of development team or Technical support / customer support team. Strong knowledge of security domain is must. Education Bachelorrsquos or Diploma in Electronics Engineering Experience 1 to 3 years Competencies Knowledge of intruder alarm products Knowledge of various communication protocols such as TCP/IP, GSM, Wi-Fi. Should be able to configure the IP address, server, port etc. Experience in setting up, wiring of various devices and commissioning a system Ability to interpret the installation manual, technical specifications of a product Able to understand and write test cases based on specifications Familiarity with functional standards for Security alarm systems such as EN50131, BS8243 etc. Strong communication skills - both written and verbal Fluent English - Should be able to interact with international counterparts professionally Able to work independently but be a good team player Able to work under pressure in different time lines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Halma Trading & Services India Texecom is one of the largest independent security alarm specialistdesigning and manufacturing solutions that protect people and propertythroughout the world. Texecoms award-winning products cover everyaspect of external and internal security requirements, including a full rangeof motion detectors, control panels, perimeter protection devices, firedetectors and external sounders. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details