TITLE: Chef De Cuisine

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsible for leading and supporting a multi cultural team of Galley personnel, ensuring the highest level of crew satisfaction and productivity. Responsible for the smooth and efficient running of the food production areas in the assigned galley. Responsible to produce and maintain the expected level of food quality in the assigned area of responsibility. In conjunction with the Sous Chef, the CDC is fully responsible for the entire Galley operation assigned, which includes but is not limited to food safety, creativity, cleanliness, staff management, time management, repair and maintenance, following USPH standards complying with HACCP program, public relations and guest interaction. Expected to work closely with the Kitchen Steward in order to accomplish tasks related to inventory, equipment control and maintenance, USPH Sanitation Rules/ Regulations, training and enforcement. Expected to oversee the electronic requisitioning and ordering process to ensure the correct usage of ingredients. Responsible for the training and development of staff. In conjunction with the Executive Sous Chef, they must be able to take over the Executive Chefs position for a temporary period (with the necessary training) at any given time. Ensure excellent cooperation with the Maitre D and discuss operational issues on a daily basis, conduct menu briefings every two days or as often as required. Maintain immaculate appearance and excellent guest interaction skills. Provide the highest levels of comfort and hospitality to guests and ensure impeccable standards of cleanliness and hygiene in all areas, as per VOC standards. Achieve maximum guest satisfaction and organizational profitability as set by VOC standards. Assist the Executive Chef to prepare requisitions for all Catering equipment to ensure a productive operation. Must be familiar with the galley layout in terms of safety and security, must have a full understanding of ship rules/ regulations (SMS) and participate in all required Safety Drills/ Training. Ensures that the HACCP is applied accordingly Assist all ion Heads in their area of responsibility to countercheck all food requisitions and make the necessary adjustments if necessary. Collect and enter all meal count figures from the assigned galley on a daily basis into the meal count system. Ensure proper food handling and storage procedures in all food preparation areas. Monitor/ control flagged and expensive item requisitions. Follow the portion control chart and conduct random spot- checks. Participate and assist during Cooking Demonstrations as required by the Executive Chef. Check all galley equipment in his/ her area in terms of maintenance/ repair and report it to the Executive Chef on a daily basis. Ensure that food preparations/ storage are in accordance with USPH and Company Regulations. Tour all storerooms frequently and assist the Provision Team. Enforce the established working schedule for the galley team, based on 11 hours a day and 7 days a week. Ensure complete managerial coverage during breaks or meetings. Control overtime and proper time management procedures (work within the set budget) . Work as a team member and not make any changes without the knowledge of the Executive Chef. Enforce ldquoClean as you go work habits. Be instrumental in organizing an efficient flow of production. Check all daily events, delegate and follow up. Constantly strive to upgrade the food quality and presentation and establish the necessary control that would ensure a high level of quality and consistency. Check cleanliness and proper storage of food and equipment in all areas of food production. Attend to the daily Chef morning meeting and address daily operational issues as required. Check proper storing of all equipment pertaining to his field of responsibility. Train crew to exercise responsibility and ownership. Monitor and check meat, fish & seafood ordering and thawing procedures. Taste many food items on a daily basis and make necessary changes. The assigned galley service line needs to be ready 10 minutes prior to opening. Countercheck daily deliveries from the Storeroom of its accuracy and take the necessary action in case it is not delivered as requested. Attend all scheduled meetings on time. Visit the assigned galley restaurant as often as possible during the course of dinner in conjunction with the assigned Maitre D, checking every table and ensuring that Guests are provided with the best meal/ service possible; must follow up on negative feedback received. Oversee inventory control and approve purchase order and requisitions. Ensure full adherence to USPH standards. Monitor reports such as Voyagecruise report to identify opportunity to improve guest service and satisfaction. Facilitate department meetings. Perform regular inspection of all Housekeeping areas to ensure compliance with VOC standards. Perform regular inspections of the main laundry facility. Monitor the routine maintenance of staterooms, public areas, crew areas and laundry facilities. Participate in various Department Head meeting. Participate in shipboard inspection as required. Partnership with other departments. Meet daily with Team Leaders to provide feedback and operational updates. Follow through direct report day to day work. Identifies issuesconcerns and find solution for improvement. Ensure all Human Resources related issues are handle properly and fairly as per VOC standards. Demonstrate professionalism and be a good role model for subordinates. Handle guest and Crew challenges in an efficient and professional manner. Maintain a clean and safe workplace with emphasis on employee health and firechemical safety. Operate in line with all USPH, Environmental, Safety and Security Policy. Candidate Profile : Personality and Appearance: Must have a pleasant and courteous personality. Must be well groomed, and presentable. Must be physically fit and in good health, be able to lift up to 50 lbs (30 Kilos) on a daily basis and able to work a minimum of eleven hours per day, seven days a week. Professional Experience and Education: Advanced Culinary Skills, Leadership Experience. A minimum of 10 years in the profession (Quality Hotels and Restaurants) . Communication and Language Skills: Must be able to read and speak English clearly in order to orate clear definitions to his subordinates, and able to interpret documents such as recipes and manuals. Other languages are considered a plus. Work Ethic: Must be a serious professional and take pride in their work. Adherence to the Company Rules and Regulations is a must for success in the job. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Executive Sous Chef/Chef De Cuisine Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Airborne Recruiting Pvt. Ltd. Airborne Recruiting Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details