TITLE: MIS Executive

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Experience in managing analytic information, data mining and information related to management. 2)Should have experience in managing a team of at least 4 to 5 people. 3)Should work closely on managing information of sales distribution, Inventory Management, Product launches, Market share analysis and other Key MIS reports. 4)Should be instrumental in roll outs of secondary data management, Channel partner management, Dash boards and Sales force automation. 5)Should have experience of SAP with added on experience on business objects. 6)Managing and analyzing information, compiling data and creating all MIS reports, preparing sales budget, target forecast and other analytic reports in close coordination with Vice President. 7) Creating reports, analytics and managing review meeting with sales team. 8) Managing, reviewing and authenticating sales demand forecast at zonal level. 9) Managing incentive related reports, 10) Collating of monthly sales budgetalongwith marketing inputs and periodic review with VP. 11) Ensuring meeting of stock adherence level for all packs at depot warehouse as per the preset norms. 12) Compiling of cost to sales ratio and compilation of distributor sales. 13) In short prepare a robust master mapping data to review the red alert points. 14) Monitoring distributor credit control and ageing Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Office Equipment / Automation Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: KORES (India) Ltd Speciality Pradeep-Speciality HeadQuarters Pradeep-HeadQuarters -- Website http://www.kores-india.com/ Industry Consumer Goods - Other (Stationery, Gifts & Toys) Company Turnover 500 - 1000 Crores Company Size 501 - 1000 Employees Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details