TITLE: Sales Executive/senior Executive/assistant Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Developing Business plans & Sales Plans for the AREA/s assigned that ensures attainment of goals. Meet vigorously the allotted sales targets via DIRECT and DEALER SALES & MARKETING on Daily, Monthly and Quarterly basis.Â New Enquiry Generation on a daily/weekly basis. Accurate and Timely PLANNING on selling and pricing strategies on all prospects, while striving to maintain maximum profit margin.Â Meeting Clients as and when required, to achieve targets and maintaining relationship with them. Interactive Communication dealing with new and existing Clients. Increase conversion ratio and convert all enquiries into orders by understanding clients requirements and provide a product offering matching their need. Generating new enquiries, from new as well as existing clients. Dealing and Handling of CLIENTS with an optimistic attitude. Continuous Performance Review of Sales Team so as Strategizing NEW Promotional SCHEMES. Monitoring & motivating your team so as to ensure high level of productivity. Analysis of SALES , MARKET and COMPETITOR on Monthly basis. Salary: Best in the industry Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Area Sales Manager Keyskills Dealer Marketing Selling Sales Management Sales Planning Sales Coordination Strategy Business Planning Corporate Sales Direct Marketing sales executive sales manager sales marketing business development direct sales lead generation Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Paramount Instruments Pvt. Ltd. Paramount is a Pioneer as well as a Leader in field Of Textile Testing And Inspection Instruments. 52 years Old Company is well known for its Unique Vision, Futuristic Attitude and Quality Excellence and above all for its Exemplary Focus on Customer Service. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details