TITLE: Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Details Job Details Java (Node JS)developer Job Description: JD- Urgent opportunity for Java(Node JS) consultant with a leading French IT MNC Experience: 3- 7 Yrs Location : Mumbai/ Bangalore NP: Max 30 days Node JS Developer Essential: Mandatory skill set - Core Java Experience in Node JS is mandatory SOA and SOAP/ Rest web services: WSDL/ XSD, JAX- WS and related technologies Experience on Appserver Deployment Good communication skills . Strong knowledge and coding experience in Javascript Experience in HTML5, CSS3 and Angular JS/ Node JS technology. Desirable: Java server faces (JSF) Ajax/ Richfaces, XML/ XSD OO analysis and design skills - knowledge of UML, core J2EE and OO design patterns Knowledge of Test Driven Development. _3_ years to 7_year Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: RATEIN INFOTECH (I) PVT. LTD. Ratein Infotech India Private Limited incorporated in the year August 2000 with its roots that can be traced to the turn of this century. Our expertise is to provide Services and Solutions to clients in Payroll Process Outsourcing, Recruitment Process Management and Extended Services & Business Transformation Solutions in Recruitment. OurSoftware Consulting Solutions,Hardware & Infrastructure Support and Project Management Services helps our clients to focus on their deliverables and smartly outsource the rest of the activities to us. Industry has to maintain and increase the profit margins and we provide smart outsourcing options to clients in different areas whereby enabling the clients to focus on their core business areas. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details