TITLE: Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At Ramco, We say Thank God its Monday At Ramco, We say Thank God its Monday Qualification : BE / B. Tech / MBA from Premier Institutes only. Location : Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Sydney, Shanghai, Dubai, South Africa Experience : 10 - 15 yrs What skill sets are we looking for Minimum at least 6 years exp with ERP implementation leadership experience. Should have hands-on experience in Ramco HCM Productin Payroll / T A module is must. Multi-Country payroll experience, excellence in client handling will be an added advantage. Have excellent interpersonal skills, be strong and effective communicators who can persuade and influence others and possess the ability to interact with all levels of an organization. PMI/ PMP Certification is an added advantage. Willingness to travel. Experience: 8 + years Past background in supporting / managing projects and having the knowledge of project life cycle is desired Able to Manage Implementation of Ramco solution for the customer, reporting to their Key Stakeholders Experience in handling multiple projects and managing a team of 5-10 people. People management skill required and demonstrated ability on the same Highly motivated, self-starter. Should have good interpersonal and communication skills Your Role and Responsibilities The Project manager will be responsible for effective delivery at the right Cost, Quality and Time for multiple Human Capital management projects across Western India for Ramco, operating from Mumbai. He will lead the application and business process consulting associated with the implementation of Ramco HCM applications including Core HCM, payroll, time management, performance management, recruitment appllications etc . Will be responsible for managing and coordinating all resources involved with the software implementation. Will use structured implementation methodology, manage project risks, manage project administration. Will effectively track issues and risks, communicate status and escalate concerns via status reports and communication to management. Work in concert with Business Sponsors and Analysts, Development Team and QC Testing Team throughout the Project life cycle. Why should you join us Our HCM product is one of the most dynamic and rapidly growing business unit. Working at Ramco will challenge your knowledge and skills, as you will be getting involved in providing consulting services and offering best in class solutions to customer needs. In addition to competitive compensation and outstanding employee benefits, you can count on strong management leadership and challenging work that rewards skills and achievements. Please Enter Mobile Number Country code not require Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Ramco Systems Ramco Systems Limited is a software products and services provider incorporated in India. Ramco Systems is a provider of Enterprise Resource Planning, Human Capital Management and Aviation Maintenance Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details