TITLE: Senior Technical Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Architect, design, implement, test, and maintain all of the components of ScaleArcs database traffic management products. Collaborate with the product management team and/ or work directly with the field organizations/ customer to finalize the feature/ product requirements. Work with the senior management to define the product strategy. Possess expert knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices. Motivate and mentor fellow engineers. Stay ahead of the technology curve and make recommendations about technologies to build current and future products. Required Skills ? In-depth knowledge and product development experience of working on one or more layers (Layer3 through Layer7) of the networking stack. Hands on experience with TCP/ IP Sockets and UNIX/ Linux internals, multi-threaded and systems programming. Excellent debugging skills, strong analytical and problem solving skills. Experience/ Working knowledge of Clustering Frameworks and designing fault tolerant distributed systems Knowledge and experience with Linux appliances, Cloud infrastructure software like Openstack, HTTP Caching/ Proxies and Web traffic acceleration techniques and technologies. Experience with database internals like SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle Familiarity with NoSQL databases Deep understanding and experience of L4 to L7 services (like Load balancing, Firewall, Application Firewall, NAT, etc) architectures and algorithms Knowledge of server virtualization technologies like ESXi, KVM, Xen, HyperV Knowledge of Linux kernel, especially with networking aspects and high availability Experience of developing software Modules that scale horizontally and are built for auto-scaling and availability from ground-up Proficient in C and familiar with Unix/ Linux development environment, experience with multi-processor programming preferred 15 years of relevant development experience Strong knowledge of software development processes and methodologies in a software company with short release cycles Team player, can-do attitude and take initiative Ability to work independently as well as in a team Good communication skills to work with cross-functional groups Strong skills in large-scale software design and development BS or higher degree in Computer Science/ Engineering or equivalent experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: ScaleArc ScaleArcs database load balancing software enables consumer-grade apps that is, apps that are never down, always fast, and scale anywhere. Our customers use ScaleArc to unlock the power of modern databases without writing a single line of code. We help organizations large and small increase revenue and save money by eliminating downtime, increasing performance, and avoiding wasteful application recoding. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details