TITLE: Chef De Cuisine Chinese

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this You will be responsible to assist with the efficient running of the department in line with Hyatt International's Corporate Strategies and brand standards, whilst meeting employee, guest and owner expectations. The Chef de Partie is responsible to supervise the assigned station / section of the outlet kitchen, in order to prepare a consistent, high quality product and ensure courteous, professional, efficient and flexible service that supports the outlet s operating concept and Hyatt International standards. Chefshould have basic wok- cooking experience in Sichuan and Cantonese Cooking. Chefshould have experience in cooking and slicing Peking Duck in front of the Guest Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Executive Sous Chef/Chef De Cuisine Desired Candidate Profile Minimum 2 years work experience as Chef de Partie or 3- 4 years as Demi Chef de Partie/ Commis in a hotel or large restaurant with good standards; preferably with experience in luxury international brands. Qualification in Kitchen Production or Management will be an advantage. Comprehensive knowledge of kitchen hygiene practices and occupational health and safety standards will be essential. Basic Computer Skills in MS Office, and Recipe Maintenance System is preferred. Chefshould have basic wok- cooking experience in Sichuan and Cantonese Cooking. Chefshould have experience in cooking and slicing Peking Duck in front of the Guest Education- UG: BHM PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Hyatt Regency Delhi Hyatt RegencyWe are a global hospitality company with widely recognized, industry leading brands and a tradition of innovation developed over our more than fifty-year history. Our mission is to provide authentic hospitality by making a difference in the lives of the people we touch every day. We focus on this mission in pursuit of our goal of becoming the most preferred brand in each segment that we serve for our associates, guests, and owners. We support our mission and goal by adhering to a set of core values that characterizes our culture Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details