TITLE: Product Manager

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Top Floor, Mehta Mahal, 15 Matthew Road, Opera House, Mumbai 400020, Maharashtra, India 10/05/2015 06:23:35 Job Detail | localhost Product Manager - Plite.io Product Manager - Plite.io About Plite Plite is a revolutionary platform that will allow citizens to share their vacant parking spaces with each other on a spot basis. The company has received seed funding and has a working prototype that is ready to go to market. It can be equated to an AirBnb of parking. Plite will significantly decongest cities and increase the supply of parking and reduce the burden on public parking spaces. A plite user will be able to host a parking spot and/ or book and consume a parking spot via the mobile app. Plite is a Drishti Works company. Drishti Works is a technology startup studio. Based in Mumbai, we work with entrepreneurs to build robust technology companies from the ground up. Our focus is on incubating new products and services, and to engineer a team to scale them to self sustaining entities. At Drishti, the oven is always hot and our appetite undying. Drishti Works comes from The Drishti Group pedigree. The Group is a family owned and managed organization with companies operating in various sectors. The Group broadly operates in the Realty, Emergency Services, Tourism Lifestyle and IT sectors. Responsibilities The position is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and will require the candidate to take ownership in executing the responsibilities mentioned below. The candidate should be able to execute any of the below mentioned tasks themselves without requiring a larger team and vendor support. Defining and managing the strategic planning to tactical activities for Plite Work closely with the internal development team to guide the direction of our product offerings constantly upgrade the product as per consumers requirements Conduct market research analyze strategic partnerships in support of our key markets Prepare reports and give reviews to the senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks of the product development Requirements- Skills, Experience Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering Degree 3 to 4 years of relevant experience in Product Management Good understanding of development methodology Possess knowledge in Odoo application Android platform Excellent articulation, written and presentation skills Team Management skills Preferred Qualifications Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering Degree Flexible , adaptable problem solving skills Team building skills - Recruiting Passionate for web mobile technology Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product/Brand Manager Keyskills development market research product development product management strategic planning startup passionate android computer science strategic partnerships Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Drishti Tech Drishti Tech Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details