TITLE: Global Development Coordinator

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Identify and research new prospect funders for global campaigns or initiatives, and in-country initiatives. Writing/editing support (including grant reports) Internal tracking/reporting of development activities for the network Communications materials for development (including PPTs, capabilities statements, project references, etc.) Coordinate with Communications team and Knowledge Manager to collect and produce case studies and program stories for donor-centric communications and marketing materials. Prepare briefing materials for donor presentations and/or meetings. Develop effective management reports on fundraising activities. Support stewardship activities of the 6-country Network by monitoring proactive communications and reporting standards for all funders. Prepare quarterly fundraising progress reports in consultation with Development Director, including updating CRM reports. Support development capacity building in the centers as needed. Coordinate with Knowledge Manager on improving development processes for ECM and CRM. Collect and update funding-specific information into knowledge platform. Coordinate with Development team and program staff for stewardship practicesQualifications Minimum 2-3 years in Fund Development and/or related project coordinator role. Able to effectively manage own workflow after ensuring understanding of expectations Demonstrated ability to solve range of general problems independently and provide input to complex and sensitive problems Exhibit appropriate judgment and ability to make ethical decisions. Experience identifying and resolving issues and conflicts within a project team. Committed to deliver work product or action on a timely basis. Writes clearly and persuasively. Appeals to different perspectives with diplomacy and tact. Delivers oral presentations with competence and confidence. Experience with fundraising databases, Salesforce and Raiserrsquos Edge preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Executive/ Sr Executive - Administration Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: EMBARQ India EMBARQ catalyses and helps implement environmentally, socially, and financially sustainable urban mobility solutions to improve quality of life in cities. EMBARQ focuses on sustainable urban mobility, while the broader WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities works on sustainable cities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details