TITLE: Required HR Executive for Preschool

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this HR Executive Experience- 2-4 years Recruiter Job Responsibilities: Achieves staffing objectives by recruiting and evaluating job candidates; advising managers; managing relocations and intern program. Recruiter Job Duties: Establishes recruiting requirements by studying organization plans and objectives; meeting with managers to discuss needs. Builds applicant sources by researching and contacting community services, colleges, employment agencies, recruiters, media, and internet sites; providing organization information, opportunities, and benefits; making presentations; maintaining rapport. Attracts applicants by placing job advertisements; contacting recruiters, using newsgroups and job sites. Determines applicant qualifications by interviewing applicants; analyzing responses; verifying references; comparing qualifications to job requirements. Arranges management interviews by coordinating schedules; escorting applicant to interviews. Improves organization attractiveness by recommending new policies and practices; monitoring job offers and compensation practices. Manages intern program by conducting orientations; scheduling rotations and assignments; monitoring intern job contributions; coaching interns; discussing with managers for training and coaching. Recruiter Skills and Qualifications: Phone Skills, Recruiting, Interviewing Skills, People Skills, Supports Diversity, Employment Law, Results Driven, Professionalism, Organization, Project Management, Judgment Salary: As per standards. Location -Sher e Punjab Andheri E Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:HR Executive Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Beavers Eduventure Private Limited Eager Beavers has been created by a passionate group of educators and entrepreneurs with the aim to provide our little ones with a warm, stress-free, beautiful, secure, home like environment. A child needs to be provided holistic experiences in the early years and this is best achieved when the teachers are sensitive to the needs of the child and allow the child to take the lead. At Eager Beavers, we want each child to have a strong sense of self worth to be successful individuals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details