TITLE: Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Interacting and building relationships with market, Management and Teachers to create and service the demand for PCDS offerings. Building a team of Trainig Advisors who will be the front line of the sales effort. Inspiring, leading and coordinating the team to evolve into partners working towards a common goal of school improvement with the school management. Take PCDS into the next stage of product growth through penetration in small cities and towns. Coordinate with SBU Heads of different products and services to ensure Maximum geographical reach and coverage. Desired Profile: Field level sales experience of atleast 5 years with proven record. Strong target orientation with a history of overachievement of targets. A quick learner with a deep personal motivation towards self-improvement. "Willing to work the field" and travel extensively A "team person" inspiring and living the dream. Extensive experience of travel and knowledge of the region would be a distinct advantage Self-starter with the ability to motivate and develop an effective team of advisors. Entrepreneurial streak, with a strong desire to do something "different", and a liking for Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Company Profile: PCDS Infotech (P). Ltd. We provide Effective, Stylish and Affordable Website Designing and Development.As a well established Company we have built strong reputation by consistently producing websites that are Good looking, Technically Excellent and Affordable for all businesses Also we provide services as consultant and Manpower resource and Corporate Training for software programmer and IT Trainee with biodata format as resume building for job hunters and experience condidate Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details