TITLE: Salesforce Administrator cum Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Manage organization??s database of record, implemented on the Salesforce.com platform, for all organization users Design, develop, test, and document scalable, high - quality business solutions on the Salesforce platform Conduct unit, integration, and performance testing Perform basic administration of organization??s Salesforce.com instance Regularly perform database de - duping and cleanup procedures, regularly audits data to uncover data integrity issues and / or opportunities for process improvement Manage ongoing support requests and administrative needs of users Develop advanced reports, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity Execute and configure all point - and - click development (e.g. workflows, validation rules, formulas, custom objects, custom fields) Execute and configure reports and dashboards based upon reporting needs of customers (e.g. IT, Service Cloud Users, Sales Cloud Users) Change Management administration: promote data / objects from development to production Salesforce environments Understands all aspects of Salesforce configuration and technical / functional capabilities, including all changes and potential system implications related to the Salesforce release upgrades Communicates regularly with IT systems leadership, and other stakeholders to ensure functionality meets field needs and to develop ongoing project plan Maintains at least high - level familiarity with other IT system / business application capabilities and scope definition in order to make recommendations about potential upstream / downstream integration or functionality intersection points Work as project team member during end to end system life cycle development of major projects. Lead projects from Admin perspective and assists junior level staff with minor projects. Provide technical input to risk analysis and change control. Accurately report project status to senior project team members. Act as Business Systems Analyst for the Salesforce.com platform Interface with key stakeholders, translating business requirements into SFDC Understand how changes may impact the entire user universe and will work to educate and provide detailed information for the purposes of governance decision making by the business Perform application configuration, testing and evaluation to ensure quality and consistency Develop, document, and execute test plans to assess the integrity and accuracy of business processes, module functionality setups and modifications, enhancements, customizations, and patches Develop and maintain end user training documentation and deliver training as required Develop and maintain business process documentation and consider compliance in all business process analysis and redesign activities Support, analyze, and resolve critical production application issues as required Provide oversight on mass data uploads Perform ongoing training sessions and help internally ??sell?? and ??service?? the user group Support of management to attend ongoing Salesforce training sessions as new features and on - demand versions of the application are launched? Technical Understanding of Salesforce.com project lifecycle. Has detailed understanding of Force.com flows Analytical Skills: Ability to analyze / design / develop using VF and APEX Understands Salesforce configuration Understand SF security model ?? Roles, Profiles, Public Groups, Sharing Rules, Queues etc. Nice to have: CTI exposure Declarative software development: database, validation, security, forms, reports Reports generation (database knowledge, writing queries, ETL etc) Expertise in data modeling and user interface (& Usability) development principles Extensive Experience in writing Triggers and batch processes and deployment considerations Hands on expertise to develop applications on Force.com Platform Strong Visualforce and Apex code knowledge Batch processing and implementation considerations Has experience in working with Salesforce APIs & writing Webservices in salesforce SOAP, Rest Has Experience in building reports using the Report Builder All types of reports, specially Matrix and Joined Reports Perform support and development activities for applications / projects assigned. Develop strategies to deploy code using multiple sandboxes Knowledge on Source Control is must Experience reviewing and documenting code Good understanding of Internet technologies: firewalls, web servers, web proxy servers, etc. ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Entrepreneurs Institute In the App age it is imperative to seek an in-house app developer who is experienced on the Android platform, to create, design and develop mobile apps for our various projects. Brag your technical skills and knowhow of latest technology to create a well rounded user experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details