TITLE: Business Analyst Healthcare Sr. | Lead (6-12 Years)

SKILLS: IT Software - Client/Server Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Analyst with experience in US HealthCare. A very thorough understanding of the US Healthcare IT and Healthcare industry Interacting with US clients for technical clarifications and production mode handling while working on the projects like EHR / EMR Conversant with Full System Development Life Cycle Management; skilled in developing & executing various software projects Hands on experience in provider modules / applications Manage/Coordinate developers and project managers to help develop, customize, and maintain product. Define design needs for product upgrades. Define workflow changes resulting from product upgrades. Interacting with clients and third party companies. Must be part of development team in developing the applications Have worked at least few of the areas in Provider space 1) EHR/EMR 2) MU2 3) CPOE/E-Prescription 4) CCDA/CDA 5) QRDA/PQRS 6) Immunization 7) Clinical decision support 8) Practice Management system 9) Scheduling/Admission 10) Hospice/Palliative care, Behavioural Health Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Client/Server Programming Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills US healthcare Healthcare provider clinical EHR EMR Meaningful Use his CPOE CCDA QRDA CDA HIPPA PQRS immunization Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Nalashaa Solutions India Pvt Ltd Greetings from Nalashaa Solutions (I) Pvt.Ltd !! Nalashaa Solutions is a Custom software development and IT services company head-quartered in New Jersey, We started Operations in 2011. We are a fast growing company with focus on Healthcare, Dynamics CRM, Business Intelligence and Mortgage with a team of 100 engineers in US and 200+ engineers in Bangalore, India. At Nalashaa, we provide software engineering services to ISVs, SaaS providers, Internet Firms and Technology companies. We partner with our customers to deliver an experience. We partner with companies at all stages, start-ups to established firms and work with them to take the engineering efforts to the next level. We help our customers build their extended team to increase their productivity and also quality while reducing their time to market and cost of engineering Technology we work:- * Microsoft Technologies * Java Technologies * Open Source Technologies * Cloud Technologies * Mobile Technologies * User Experience Design *** Till date we have delivered over 250 products worldwide Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details