TITLE: Telecom_29375-76

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: IOS Application developer Title / Position IOS Application developer. Role / Job Description Sr. Software Engineer. Skills Expert skills on IOS application development & lifecycle.. Expert skills in Objective C. Good understanding of Story boarding, GCD and Block programming. Good understanding of IOS profiling tools. Hands- on experience on core IOS frameworks like Core Foundation framework and Core Data framework. Good understanding of Apple application developmentprocess and application submission process. Graphics programming with Quartz 2D , OpenGL ES will be an additional advantage. Title / Position IOS Application developer. Role / Job Description Sr. Software Engineer. Skills Expert skills on IOS application development & lifecycle.. Expert skills in Objective C. Good understanding of Story boarding, GCD and Block programming. Good understanding of IOS profiling tools. Hands- on experience on core IOS frameworks like Core Foundation framework and Core Data framework. Good understanding of Apple application developmentprocess and application submission process. Graphics programming with Quartz 2D , OpenGL ES will be an additional advantage. About PROLIMCorporation PROLIMis a leading provider of end- to- endIT , PLM and Engineering Services and Solutions for Global 1000 companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their customers improvetheir profitability and efficiency by providing high- value technologyconsulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing services. Their IT and PLM consulting offerings include; Advisory, PLM Software/ Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture Training/ Staffing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/ Networking, Infrastructure, ERP Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation, CAD/ CAM/ CAE, Process & Product Engineering, Prototyping, and Testing/ Validation within awide range of markets and industries. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Prolim Infosystems Pvt Ltd. Imagine a first time Plan, Design, Engineer, Detail, Manufacture and Manage lifecycle management software implementation or another extreme of a global corporation with more than 20 acquisitions over a decade struggling to consolidate and manage their PLM strategy between own and acquired tools with tools at work like Teamcenter, DS, Windchill, Agile, SAP PLM, Aras and 80 different disconnected database systems like a subway map.PROLIM aims to help such corporations accomplish their PLM business goals with strong PLM Technology R&D capabilities. Prolim leadership has seen these complexities and has been part of such major solutions. Now we want to solve the unsolved problems of these corporations, help them answer unanswered questions, and overcome challenges with a strong R&D base Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details