TITLE: IT Project Manager

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company Profile: Company is excelling in IT services and making customer delight. This company has strong Competencies in IT outsourcing and Managed Services. Experience: 7 Years and above Position: IT Project Manager Location: Mumbai Salary: 10 - 15 Lacs p.a. 1) Implement the regional projects by: - Implementing IT standards and procedures to align with the global policy. - Build credibility, establish rapport, and maintain communication with stakeholders at multiple levels, including those external to the organization. - Coach, mentor and lead personnel within a technical team environment. - Engaging to the project stakeholders and communicate the project status to all level of the business. - Successfully, performing the project control to ensure the objectives delivery. 2) Training: - Provide the IT & Telecom products training for sales team. - Provide IT coordinator with IT operations knowledge for day today work to ensure there are no issues across all centers. - Provide local IT contract for managing the robust IT and Telecom infrastructure in each center across India. 3) Cost Reduction: - Regularly cost comparison in each city for all the IT & Telecom related items. E.g. Internet connection cost, telephone and long distance charges. - Be responsible for the IT and Telecom budget control and IT investment. - Manage the daily operations and services providers to ensure the IT services levels. 4) Techno commercial: - Assist Sales teams and operations team with commercials and ensure we make revenue. - Center planning and package costing for Telecom and IT services. - Running current centers on low OPEX and ensure cost reduction without impact on services and quality of services. - Proactively, work on cost reduction plans. 5) Product Management: - Developing/enhancing right sized product and infrastructure in the market. - Understanding need of the customers and advice or develop product and infrastructure with development teams. - Ability to work independently with a keen focus on driving execution of secondary and primary research projects. - Analyzing and understanding CAPEX/OPEX and cost products and infrastructure right in the given market for optimal ROI. - Analytical and logical mind aimed at interpreting pertinent market data and making actionable recommendations. 6) Proactive Monitoring: - Ensure proper functionality of all the production IT & Telecom equipment across South Asia. - Manage operations and cost of each product for further revenue generation. - Evaluate the persistent problem from the daily problem log and make an improvement suggestions. - Trouble shooting, as needed. 7) Vendor Management: - Managing all vendors related to IT and Telecom. - Evaluation of proposals from different vendors and approve. - Negotiate with ISPs, Telecom providers, IT and Telecom vendors on costs and quality as per standards and budget. - Maintenance of contracts along with contract negotiations and sort the billing discrepancies. For More Details: Contact: Deepika Transark Global 8090038880 / 8090038881 Salary:INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A. Industry: IT-Hardware & Networking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Operations Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: TRANSARK GLOBAL The TransArk Global is one of the top and trusted retained executive search firms in the country with many years of experience. Our team of experienced consultants with extensive industry experience works on every search assignment with utmost integrity and total dedication. Our structured search process ensures that we have multiple levels of validations to ensure high success rate and speedy recruitment. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details