TITLE: Managing Associate - Initiative to Catalyze Urban Innovation

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities New technologies and business models are fundamentally changing how we source rides, whether we own the vehicle, and who / what operates the vehicle. Governments in cities across the world are struggling to adapt existing regulatory frameworks to these shifting models. The opportunity for city officials today is to reform regulations to support innovation and incentivize citizens to make better, more sustainable mobility choices. We are looking to hire a Managing Associate in our Mumbai office to grow our portfolio of work on regulatory reform. Managing Associates are expected to lead our research and analysis and to execute pilots with multiple stakeholders. In this role, you will be responsible for shaping and informing the emerging debate on regulatory reform in transport with regard to mobility businesses. You can expect to: work with entrepreneurs and regulators to understand the regulatory framework and hurdles study emerging regulatory reform in other countries and other relevant sectors analyze the impact of these new business models on emissions, safety, accessibility develop recommendations and a platform for discussion on regulatory reform support businesses and government to conceptualize and launch collaborative projectsThis work will comprise developing coalitions between businesses that are competitors, publishing timely position papers, convening stakeholders, and crafting pilots to address large-scale multi-stakeholder problems in transport e.g. gender and safety, open data, and cashless payments. Attributes and Credentials Masterrsquos degree in public affairs, transportation planning, or a related field 5 - 8 years work experience with: policy research organizations government focused consulting firms national level industry associations Experience with public transport agencies in India is a plus You are interested in urbanization-led business opportunities You are able to make decisions independently to drive the strategy forward You are able to prioritize and execute in the face of competing demands You are happy to work on strategy as well as on administrative tasks! Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Administration & Facilities Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: EMBARQ India EMBARQ catalyses and helps implement environmentally, socially, and financially sustainable urban mobility solutions to improve quality of life in cities. EMBARQ focuses on sustainable urban mobility, while the broader WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities works on sustainable cities. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details