TITLE: Business Presentation Specialist

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Profile Description Collaborate with a diverse and talented marketing team, to design powerful presentations that create value for our clients and support in driving revenue. Key Responsibilities ????????? Design compelling presentations or case studies?to support sales and corporate teams ????????? Storyboard and ideate innovative ways?to communicate marketing material eg. infographics ????????? Polish and proof read the content in presentations, proposals, case studies? strapline, body, etc. ????????? Make charts, graphs, flowcharts etc.?to effectively communicate message ????????? Work closely with internal partners?to understand briefing, and sketch the initial storyline ? ? Profile Description Collaborate with a diverse and talented marketing team, to design powerful presentations that create value for our clients and support in driving revenue. Key Responsibilities ????????? Design compelling presentations or case studies?to support sales and corporate teams ????????? Storyboard and ideate innovative ways?to communicate marketing material eg. infographics ????????? Polish and proof read the content in presentations, proposals, case studies? strapline, body, etc. ????????? Make charts, graphs, flowcharts etc.?to effectively communicate message ????????? Work closely with internal partners?to understand briefing, and sketch the initial storyline ? ? Knowledge Key Requirements ? ? Learning Mindset, Prob. Solving, Comms., Team work, Result Focussed Qualification Experience Graduation any stream, MBA preferred 3- 5 yr. of exp. in Presentation designing Skills Domain / Technical Proficiency in MS Office; Powerpoint Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator - advantage Competencies Behavioural ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Line of Business Corporate Services Service Line Marketing Function Marketing Band Individual Contributor (IC) Job Role IC xxx Title Business Presentation Specialist Reporting To Mktg. & Comms. Lead ? Location Dadar Shift Timing IST Unique Circumstances National / International travel may be required Indicative Reportees Nil ? ? ? ? ? Profile Description Collaborate with a diverse and talented marketing team, to design powerful presentations that create value for our clients and support in driving revenue. Key Responsibilities ?????????Design compelling presentations or case studies?to support sales and corporate teams ?????????Storyboard and ideate innovative ways?to communicate marketing material eg. infographics ?????????Polish and proof read the content in presentations, proposals, case studies? strapline, body, etc. ?????????Make charts, graphs, flowcharts etc.?to effectively communicate message ?????????Work closely with internal partners?to understand briefing, and sketch the initial storyline. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.B.A / B.M.S PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Ugam Solutions Ugam is a global leader in managed analytics that helps retailers, brands and market research firms transform big data into valuable insights. The company?s unique managed services offering combines a proprietary big data technology platform with deep domain knowledge and analytics expertise to empower clients to make decisions that improve their business. For retailers, online marketplaces and brands, Ugam supports better merchandising, marketing and channel management decisions through the use of analytics. For market research firms and insight-based consultancies, Ugam offers a portfolio of solutions including end-to-end research operations, technology transitioning support, and data warehousing, visualization and reporting that enables them to better serve their clients. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details