TITLE: Business Development Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What you have to do: Build market position by locating, developing, defining, negotiating, and closing new business relationships in the events and entertainment business. Will be responsible for tie - ups in events, plays and sports as well as seminars and exhibitions. Upselling at events Identify trendsetter ideas by researching industry and related events, publications, and announcements; tracking individual contributors and their accomplishments. Locate or propose potential business deals by contacting potential partners; discovering and exploring opportunities. Screen potential business deals by analyzing market strategies, deal requirements, potential, and financials; evaluating options Develop negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration of new venture with company strategies and operations; examining risks and potentials; estimating partners' needs and goals. Close new business deals by coordinating requirements; developing and negotiating contracts; integrating contract requirements with business operations. Enhance organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. ? What you can expect from us : Are a young organization and the workplace is an extension of our families back home Mondays and Fridays have the same effect on us Value positive vibes, honesty, sense of judgment, empathy and self-motivation Believe in experimentation and don't think of new things as daunting enough to take up at any point in time Are looking for driven and focused individuals Will be more than happy to hear from you ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. is India\'s premiere comprehensive ticketing, information and analysis solutions provider. Established since 1999, Bigtree started by setting up India\'s first entertainment ticketing company, with the aid of a profitable investment made by Chase Capital Partners JP Morgan. It provides cinemas and event organizers as well as the consumers a complete range of solution through call centers, Internet ticketing, kiosk and a mobile ticketing platform. Today Bigtree\'s tentacles extend across the entire matrix of the motion picture distribution and exhibition. With a dedicated team of over 300 people, Bigtree is poised for growth in each sphere of its operations. Bigtree has also significantly attracted renowned investors like the TV18 group Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details