TITLE: Manager - Sales/ Business Development

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This role involves growing the company through increasing market penetration and new customer/ client acquisition. Responsibilities: Generating annual growth target objectives in support of business plan. Developing and maintaining assigned client relationships. Recruiting new clients to generate new business opportunities. Develop and conduct client presentations to attract new business and support overall corporate positioning. Prospect, consult with, and close clients. Identify new and creative businesses & activities to be featured, expanding the range of inventory for our customers and users. Research and develop sales and marketing plans, including overall strategic and tactical directives. Negotiate and maintain contracts. Coordinate and integrate sales efforts with internal operations in all disciplines. Support marketing activities and closely work with product management to help develop new ideas that can be taken to clients. Developing relevant business proposals. Monitor market intelligence within the industry in terms of market development, new projects, competitive activity, new customers etc. Handling meeting with key clients. Follow up on sales activities. Respond to inbound inquiries as well as generate leads. Qualifications/ Requirements: 3 - 5 years' experience in the core sales and business development functions above. Ability to handle large customers and partner relationships, and drive groups to collective business decisions. Proven track record negotiating & closing medium to large sized deals. Experience canvassing and cold- calling into various types of clients, with evidence of consistent and current success. Advanced analysis, planning and modeling skills. Experience managing budgets and forecasting. Strong interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills, superior verbal and written communication skills, with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Company Profile: ITKTS Interactive Technologies Pvt. Ltd ITKTS Interactive Technologies Pvt. Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details