TITLE: Senior Accountant

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DESCRIPTION Duties and Responsibilities Month End Close Process: (1) Responsible for managing the financial close/ consolidation process supporting the North off-shore drilling Risk Solutions business (2) Participate in month end close by handling: a. Cash application b. Processing journal entries as needed c. Balance sheet variance analysis d. Preparing monthly Australia GAAP schedules e. Various account reconciliations Process Improvement / Streamlining information: (1) Key responsibilities include: corporate reporting schedules and account reconciliations. Work with manager to build effective controls into processes to facilitate analysis and provide relevant information for decision making. Other Responsibilities (1) Communicate and follow up with business partners to ensure issues are resolved in a timely manner (2) Collaborate with business partners to ensure appropriate accounting treatment in accordance with GAAP, IFRS, TAX, ect is applied to transactions (3) Lead special projects for the team as assigned Education/ Skill Requirements: Bachelor Degree in Accounting; CPA preferred 3-5 years of progressive accounting experience Experience handling moderate to complex account reconciliations, including solid understanding of reconciliation controls, managing aged items and timely escalation of issues Demonstrated ability to develop and drive process improvement, detailed oriented with the ability to see big picture view Ability to independently problem solve and resolve issues successfully Strong organizational and analytical skills Strong sense of ownership and accountability Strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrate ability to interact with all levels of senior management Ability to manage direct reports, including making work assignments, setting goals, providing performance feedback and career development guidance Solid knowledge of technology and systems including: a. Excel (v-look up, pivot, data management) b. PeopleSoft General Ledger c. HFM Consolidations d. Smartivew e. Account Reconciliation Tool (Trintech) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Northern Offshore Drilling Pte. Ltd. On August 5, 2015, Northern Offshore announced it had been acquired by Shandong Offshore Company, LTD. (SDOC) implemented by way of an Amalgamation as allowed under Bermuda law. The assets of Northern Offshore will be combined with an affiliated company, Blue Ocean Drilling under management by Northern Offshore Ltd. The Company is pleased to announce that the combined company has six (6) high specification jackup drilling units under construction with deliveries in late 2016 through 2017/early 2018. In addition, the Company has two harsh standard jackups and a floating production unit in the North Sea as well as a semisubmersible drilling unit and moored drillship in the MEA. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details