TITLE: Associate Statistical Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PURPOSE Provide programming support as part of the Statistical Programming (SP) team to develop and maintain programs to meet internal and external clients needs. Support the development of project- related solutions to a variety of statistical programming tasks. RESPONSIBILITIES Program, test, and document statistical programs for use in creating statistical tables, figures and listings. Program, test, and document analysis datasets (derived datasets) and transfer files for internal and external clients. Program quality control checks for the source data and report the data issues periodically Assist in development of programming documentation including plans and specifications, as appropriate, under supervision. Assist in developing, implementing and validating new process technologies, macros and applications, under supervision. Assist project lead in fulfilling project responsibilities. All responsibilities are essential job functions unless noted as nonessential (N). REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Basic knowledge of statistics and/ or clinical drug development process Basic knowledge of Base SAS, SAS/ STAT, SAS Graph and SAS Macro Language Basic knowledge of applicable clinical research regulatory requirements; i. e. , Good Clinical Practice (GCP) and International Conference on Harmonization (ICH) guidelines Organizational and communication skills Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks, under supervision Aptitude for mathematical calculations Accuracy and attention to detail Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers, managers and clients Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent combination of education, training and experience PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Extensive use of telephone and face- to- face communication requiring accurate perception of speech Extensive use of keyboard requiring repetitive motion of fingers Regular sitting for extended periods of time Occasional travel If you want to make an impact in the global research market, where we are working to make a real difference in patient health, we ask you to apply now and join our team. Connect to great opportunity? Quintiles is a strong advocate of diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We believe that a work environment that embraces diversity will give us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and enhance our success. We believe that an inclusive and respectful workplace culture fosters a sense of belonging among our employees, builds a stronger team, and allows individual employees the opportunity to maximize their personal potential. Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Quintiles Quintiles Quintiles is the world's largest provider of biopharmaceutical development and commercial outsourcing services. We bring a fully integrated approach to build biopharma and life sciences solutions - from pipeline through portfolio to population health ???. A career with Quintiles connects you to great opportunity to achieve professional success and impact healthcare around the world. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details