TITLE: Accounts Executive

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location(s): Mumbai About Us - Media.net Contextual Advertising Media.net , Directi\'s Internet Advertising Division, is one of the world\'s leading companies in the Contextual Advertising space. We build technology that identifies the intent of a user viewing a webpage and then shows advertisements related to what the user is looking for. We use Machine Learning, Data Mining, Linguistic Analysis and Advanced Statistics to build contextual models to understand pages on the internet. We serve our contextual real-time ads customized for each visitor and each page view across billions of visitors, across 10\'s of millions sites/domains on a server infrastructure that runs 1000+ CPUs, terabytes of RAM, and 100\'s of terabytes of data. Responsibilities Processing large number of payouts for International Vendors Cheque preparation after verifying the underlying supporting. Maintaining petty cash. Preparing bank reconciliation statements. Passing day-to-day accounting entries in tally Maintaining various accounting trackers in Excel Requirements: Should be very organized, time and process driven and a team player Should be versed with Tally ERP. Should have Basic knowledge in excel such as various basic formulas like sum, sumif, vlookup, pivots etc. Should be capable of large number of Payouts processing. Should know reconciling financial numbers, should have number crunching experience. Should be able well versed in English and should be able to communicate fluently. Should be Excellent in MS Excel, Word & Power point Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Accounts Executive/Accountant Desired Candidate Profile Educational Qualifications: B.Com or M.Com Years of Exp: 1-2 years in Accounts Education- UG: B.Com PG:M.Com Company Profile: Directi Directi Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details