TITLE: Executive Secretary, Mumbai

SKILLS: Executive Assistant

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Executive Secretary - Male candidate Mumbai Number of years Experience: 6 to 9 years Qualification : Gradutaion Age : Strictly not more than 32 which means date of birth not before 1984 Should have excellent communication and should be able to work under pressure. Should be currently working for MD/ VP/ President/ Chairman. Position is for working under MD, his age is only 26 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Executive Assistant , Front Office , Data Entry Role Category:Other Role:Secretary/PA Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Busisol Sourcing India Pvt Ltd We are one of the leading HR and Management Consulting firms. In 1995, we commenced our operations as a Recruitment firm - Business Solution and Management Consultants ? in Mumbai.Growing needs of the business required we consolidate our efforts into a corporate entity and hence, Busisol Sourcing (India) Pvt. Ltd was formed in February 2004. Our Board of Directors comprises professionals from various disciplines who have decades of expertise in their respective domains.As part of the process of increasing our scale and scope of operations, Chennai branch was started in March 2004, Bangalore branch in November 2005 and more branches - in India and Overseas - shall be opened in future.We have an established client base that includes Fortune 500 companies. Our team has the expertise to understand the bigger picture and visualize the path ahead which our service demands. Our focus is a fast response time while protecting the interests of both the key constituents of our business ? Client and the Candidate. Over a period of time, we have increased our capabilities in deliverables across varied sectors, functions, levels and geographies ? domestic and international Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details