TITLE: PHP Web Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Required Skills Development Skills : WordPress , PHP , AJAX, jQuery in real world applications Design Support Skills: AJAX, JavaScript ,XML , AJAX , HTML / HTML5 & CSS / CSS3 Database Skills : MySQL Concepts: OOPS, MVC, SVN, E - Commerce, CMS, Social Media, Apache, etc. Excellent Javascript coding skills. or Angular JS would be an added advantage Knowlage of sales force php tool kit Excellent DB design skills. experience with Agile / Scrum tools such as JIRA. UNIX / LINUX platform experience Excellent communication skills in English Ability to work independently ?? Role & Responsibilities - Design and develop complex custom business applications, as well as develop and maintain complex high traffic websites. You will be responsible for producing high quality code / software / web app in PHP, MySQL, jQuery, AJAX, HTML / CSS and other open source web. You will be required to deploy the application on live or staging servers. You will be responsible to troubleshoot bugs & fix them as well as maintain / enhance existing projects. Understanding REST APIs and their integration into WordPress. Working on e - commerce platform Supporting , extending and / or enhancing existing code Writing clean, well - documented code. Person must be capable of handling the Project independently from analysis of project to Final Project Implementation and can lead the Team Work closely with Project Managers and other members of the Development Team to both develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and timelines, and to ensure timely completion of deliverables. ?Alert colleagues to emerging technologies or applications and the opportunities to integrate them into operations and activities. What you get: A challenging work environment Opportunity to work on new technologies A sense of personal achievement & growth Excellent, peaceful, friendly and calm work environment. Freedom to try out new things and take charge of projects. Excellent compensation package and additional perks / benefits. Incubate your personal dream in our office space. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Entrepreneurs Institute In the App age it is imperative to seek an in-house app developer who is experienced on the Android platform, to create, design and develop mobile apps for our various projects. Brag your technical skills and knowhow of latest technology to create a well rounded user experience. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details