TITLE: Digital Marketing Manager - Vashi.

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Urgently required of Client Servicing Manager at Vashi. About Company: This is a MNC Company. Note: Female candidates only. Working Days:- Saturday & Sunday off Working time:- 9.30am to 6pm. Salary: 8 to 10 lpa Experience: Digital Marketing agency. Extremely good in communication & presentable. Job profile: Work closely with clients to nurture & grow the account Create budgets and schedules for client's needs and enforce deadlines for projects Communicate clients' agendas to the execution team Supervise the execution of services by managing the resources/team to complete projects on time and within budget Coordinating with third party vendors involved in execution of the project Managing and growing revenue from existing customers through developing and maintaining strong business relationships Billing & Accounting Strategizing and supporting business development activities Should have managed business of 2 Crs (billing and collection) in a financial year. Should have managed web, Social, and search projects for large MNC clients. Should be working with a reputed Digital Marketing agency. Requirement Ability to manage and generate revenue from existing customers. A customer driven approach and good customer management skills. Commercial acumen, with a proactive and creative approach to looking after the needs and concerns of customers Excellent written verbal, interpersonal, presentation and training skills. Organizational and project management skills Ability to communicate complex technical information to the client Well organized and disciplined with regards to policy, procedure and standards. Should have worked in a similar capacity in a Interactive agency, preferably servicing the BFSI sector Should be acquainted with design related technologies Female candidates preferred Interested candidate can Send CV with current & expected CTC send CV an above email id & call on 41134428 / 8879300427 E-mail Id: snehal@jobsearchindia.in Contact Person Snehal Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search MNC Company at navi mumbai-Vashi, Into the buisness of digital marketing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details