TITLE: Senior Design Engineer - HVAC Services

SKILLS: Site Engineering

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities shall include but not limited to the following: - - Perform packages assigned independently with minimum guidance from the seniors in the discipline. - - Applies professional knowledge and experienced judgement, but refers to more senior staff for more complex matters. - - Develop detailed designs from the schematic designs for large projects and schematic for small to medium projects. - - Shall check the work carried out by graduate engineers / CAD technicians in their project. - - Able to present their technical work and that of their team on the project. - - Shall ensure effective communication and coordination on assigned tasks between all the discipline. - - Managing one own time and time of others reporting to them. - - Responsible for compliance with our QA / QC procedures and implementation of procedures. - - Keep abreast of latest trends and technologies.Job Responsibility: Desired Profile: - - Bachelors degree in Mechanical engineering from a recognized Institute with a minimum of 3 - 5 years of industry experience. - - Working knowledge of sustainable engineering practices and shall be proficient in at least one of the softwares such as Carrier HAP etc. - - In addition to proficiency in Indian standards, shall have working knowledge of at least one of the international codes of practice such as, American. - - Experience of working on international standards is an added advantage. - - Professional membership of institutes such as ISHRAE, ASHRAE, - - Working Knowledge of softwares such as MS Office, Carrier HAP Calculations, AutoCAD & Revit MEP is a must Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Site Engineering , Project Management Role Category:Site Engineering Role:Process Engineer-Plant Design Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: GEMINI TECHNICAL ADVISORS PVT. LTD. Gemini is in the business of rendering specialized consulting services for various engineering streams. Our team of technical experts caters a wide range of engineering consultancy needs. We go and touch every sphere of life right from Structural Engineering, Mechanical Engineering & Electrical Engineering Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details