TITLE: Area Sales Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description - Creating an enthusiastic and successful sales environment focusing on thinking outside the box and challenging the norm in business. Managing the success of the sales team across all supermarket customers. Nurturing high- level relationships with suppliers and stakeholders. Building and developing strong business relationships with new and existing channels. Evaluating information related to sales, promotions, competition and market research. Managing budgets and new implementations. Developing and presenting effective proposals to all stakeholders. Negotiating sales contracts and marketing strategies. Increasing sales and distribution of new and existing product portfolios. The Successful Applicant You will have a strong sales management background in the FMCG and pharmacy industry with a hunger to progress to the next level. Significant experience with a fast paced and high activity field team will be seen as highly advantageous along with demonstrated examples of developing and sustaining high performance teams and winning cultures. The ability to lead cross- functionally is vital, as well as the ability to travel regularly interstate as required. Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple projects, and rapidly changing priorities. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to communicate with clients and partners. Exercises independent judgment with minimal direction from supervisor i. e. Self- starter, Problem- solver. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required, MBA/PGDM Company Profile: ideaTree ideaTree Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details