TITLE: Deputy Manager/Sr.Executive Manufacturing

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:Plan & Execution of product manufacturing:- To facilitate Operation & changeover of process systems, debottlenecking of process hurdles. Regular interaction with Operation team, QAD and supporting functions to achieve the desired manufacturing activities. Focus on plant goals in order to attain expected products over all batch yield. Coordinate and monitor the manufacturing schedule to ensure proper utilisation of process units, utilitiesetc. Hands on experience with vial filling line , Pre filled syringe line and lyophilser process. High preference will be given to person has experience with Grohninger vial and pre filled syringes line and EDWRDS Lyophilisers. Any international filling line systems experience also preferable (Ex: Baush & strobble, Seidenadar Germany, Optima, steriline, Spami Italy filling lines). Review & monitoring:- To ensure the preparation of the cleaning / disinfectant solution and cleaning/ fumigation of area/ equipment as per the schedule and respective SOPs. To ensure entire manufacturing activities to be performed as per respective SOP's / guidelines. To ensure that on- line entries in GMP documents like BMRs, BPRs, log- books etc. are performed as per Good Documentation Practice. To ensure that all documents are updated/ revised periodically to meet cGMP standards and as per QAD requirement. Ability to mainly evaluate schedule in accordance to manufacturing processes, and determine the most efficient method of accomplishing goals in order to meet the targets. Supervise, coach and train new and current employees (i. e. job, safety, etc. ) to meet performance expectations by providing strong leadership skill set. GMP compliance, Validation and audit readiness:- To co- ordinate and support for timely completion of calibration, preventive maintenance, qualification/ validation revalidation of process units as per schedule. Ensure that safety, Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and sanitation policies and procedures are met. Processsystems and manufacturing area readiness for GMP. FDA, WHO and international audits. Preparation of BMR and BPR. Validation protocols preparation and its execution. Having USFDA , ENVISA, ENVIMA audits experience would be added advantage. Injectable manufacturing FDA approval would be highly preferable ( specifically Maharashtra state any zonal region FDA approved candidate in injectable manufacturing domain). Position requirements:- Post graduate in microbiology/ biotechnology or B Pharm having minimum 5 to 8 years experience in biotech injectable manufacturing domain or any OLD ( oral liquid dosage) and LVP ( low volume parenteral) manufacturing domain. Demonstrated ability to effectively supervise, lead and build relationships at all levels within the company. Self- motivated; has accurate self- insight; builds team spirit by teaching and, maintains a positive disposition and persuasive. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: FlySquare Solution FlySquare Solution is a leading manpower recruitment company established in 2011 and headquartered at New Delhi. We proudly hold the testimonials of being one of the credible and superior quality manpower providers from many of the top companies of various professional fields. Our motto is to provide our clients with human resources which will prove to be invaluable assets for them in the long run. In turn, we also strive to show our job-seekers secure long-lasting and fruitful careers. We understand that recruitment is not about merely providing jobs or manpower, but about playing a pivotal role in identification and proper channelization of human resources which can make or mar the future of a company and its employees. FlySquare Solution is one of the good Recruitment Agency in Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details