TITLE: SharePoint Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Strong knowledge of SharePoint 2010 & 2013 architectural design, Web Parts development, server installation, management, and troubleshooting Development experience with Microsoft .NET technologies At least 3 years of experience providing business and systems analysis for implementation projects and software development In depth understanding of the capabilities of Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007, 2010, 2013, Windows SharePoint Services, and SharePoint Designer 2007, 2010, 2013 Develop SharePoint solutions using the appropriate tools (ASP.net, C#, WCF, SOA, WF, Visual Studio, SharePoint Designer, etc.). Good knowledge on SharePoint Integration with LOB (SAP, Oracle, SQL, etc.) Played a part in the design, development, customization and integration efforts of enterprise solutions involving Collaboration, Portals, Enterprise Search, Enterprise Content Management, and Business Process and Forms. Experience in Web server configuration and architecture. Strong SharePoint architecture and content management concepts. Building Intranet portals and collaboration solutions using MS SharePoint Work with end users to gather, define and prioritize functional system requirements and acceptance criteria based on business needs. Develop use case-based models to capture functional system requirements and corresponding test cases. Work with end users to document workflows and business processes. Act as liaison to stakeholders to communicate and validate system requirements and identify and resolve issues. Ensure the quality of deliverables by following established QA processes for internally developed software and participate in the development of any associated documentation. Experience with portals, searches, content management systems, business process and enterprise social computing platforms preferred Experience analysing complex business processes and articulating improvements to achieve operational efficiencies Excellent written and verbal communication skills required Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills sap development software development wcf soa troubleshooting forms visual studio documentation test cases Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Axisvation Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Axisvation is a technology consulting, IT services and solutions company. Axisvation offers next-gen solutions and services on Collaboration, Mobility and Cloud Space. Axisvation is formed by industry experts and veterans from top IT companies 100 man years of past project experience with Fortune 500 globe companies State-of-the-art Innovation lab and customer experience center in Mumbai Core focus on Technical excellence and Innovation Industry and Domain focus on Manufacturing, Retail , Health-Care, Life Sciences & BFSI. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details