TITLE: Assistant Manager - Internal Audit

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Description: Conduct audit assignments in line with the Internal Audit plan and within the budgeted time, adopting the audit methodology and appropriate audit techniques.Determine scope of audit review in conjunction with the Internal Audit Manager. Conducting process of risk assessment, process walkthrough, collection of audit sample, performance of audit tests and documentation. Develop accurate business process narratives/ flowcharts, for area under review. Evaluate existing internal control documentation, test current processes and procedures. Identify reportable issuesand provide recommendations. Communicate findings to management and draft a comprehensive report of the audited area. Perform ongoing follow- up on action plan implementation and timeliness for remedial actions. Be ready to take on additional projects and to identify and pursue on- going process improvements.Support continuous improvement of internal audit practices and tools. Qualifications: Conduct audit assignments in line with the Internal Audit plan and within the budgeted time, adopting the audit methodology and appropriate audit techniques.Determine scope of audit review in conjunction with the Internal Audit Manager. Conducting process of risk assessment, process walkthrough, collection of audit sample, performance of audit tests and documentation. Develop accurate business process narratives/ flowcharts, for area under review. Evaluate existing internal control documentation, test current processes and procedures. Identify reportable issuesand provide recommendations. Communicate findings to management and draft a comprehensive report of the audited area. Perform ongoing follow- up on action plan implementation and timeliness for remedial actions. Be ready to take on additional projects and to identify and pursue on- going process improvements.Support continuous improvement of internal audit practices and tools. Primary Location: Goregaon (E) , Mumbai- India Work Locations: 10TH Floor Oberoi Commerz International Business Park Goregaon (E) , Mumbai 400063 Job: Finance- - Acctg/ Financial Rptg Schedule: Regular Shift: Standard Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full- time Job Level: Day Job Travel: Job Posting: Sep 1, 2016, 9: 17: 40 AM Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Audit Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details