TITLE: Graphic Designer - Info.tech

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, We have an opening for the post ofGraphic Designer - Info.Tech at Andheri West location in one of the Service Provider of Freight forwarders , shipping, logistics in Mumbai. Please go through the details below. Based at Mumbai (Corporate Office) Andheri Education : Graduate Experience : 3 to 5 years of experience Job Description To create design solutions that have a high visual impact for the benefit of the Organization and to help boost further its brand image on continual basis. The role involves listening to clients and understanding the needs before making design decisions. Job requires to a brief agreement with the Internal customers (herein it could refer to Board of Members, Seniors and other IT peer group colleagues. Scope requirement would vary from time to time and therefore it would be important to understand the huge variety of requirement related to its websites, advertising, magazines, posters, flyers, System Application, product packaging, exhibitions and displays, building art to corporate communications and corporate identity, e.g. giving organisations a visual 'brand'. Developing creative ideas and concepts, choosing the appropriate media and style to meet the objectives, becomes an essential part of the role. The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of industry software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. The role would thereby include; Meeting internal customers or department head or colleagues to discuss the business objectives and requirements related to generic or specific project or as and when called for; Interpreting the internal customers needs and developing a concept to suit their purpose; Estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes (if applicable); Developing design artwork (with rough sketches) and briefs by gathering information and data through research and creative ideas; Thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and use using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time; Presenting finalized ideas and concepts to concerned members; Working on layouts and art-working pages ready for print; Keeping abreast of emerging technologies in new media, particularly design programs such as QuarkXPress, FreeHand, Illustrator, Photoshop, 3ds Max, Acrobat, Director, Dreamweaver and Flash; Working as part of a team with printers, copywriters, photographers, stylists, illustrators, other designers and executives, web developers and marketing specialists If Interested kindly share your resume on aditi@jobsearchindia.in NOTE : ONLY MUMBAI CANDIDATES ARE REQUESTED TO APPLY. Thanks & Regards, Aditi. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: Other Role:Other Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Job Search Sarjak Container Lines Private Limited is a leading Service Provider of Freight forwarders , shipping, logistics Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details