TITLE: Head of Marcom

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RESPONSIBILITIES: Drive understanding and awareness of Omidyar Network and our initiatives in the India market. Devise and implement strategies to communicate our mission, approach, and investment strategies through messaging that is universally understandable and resonant across a diverse set of constituencies, including: media, for - profit investors, entrepreneurs, foundations, nonprofits, policy makers, interest groups, and internal staff. Tailor messaging by constituency to advance the organization??s points of view, create differentiation among Omidyar Network and its peers, and drive constituencies to action. Develop and execute individual executive visibility programs that build executive profiles and create demand for their participation in industry projects, media interviews, and at events. Support executive communications needs including the creation of messaging, presentations and speeches, social media coaching, and providing media support. Manage reputational issues as needed. Monitor local traditional and social media for issues of relevance to Omidyar Network and its initiatives. Utilize internal systems and create opportunities to increase collaboration and information sharing across the marcom team and the organization. Empower staff to engage externally, by providing them with materials, resources, and training to be effective communicators. Work with the global marcom initiative leads by helping identify key audiences and influencers in India and by extending and tailoring global marcom strategies for the local geography across a variety of platforms and marcom touch points, including: traditional and hybrid media; social media; owned media such as websites, collateral, and employee communications; sponsorships and speaking opportunities; and Omidyar Network owned events and convenings. Oversee local media relations (identifying and cultivating traditional and hybrid media contacts) in service of Omidyar Network and our initiatives. Provide guidance and coaching for the effective use of social media platforms in advancing our communications objectives. Execute local events in support of the organization??s marcom plans. Work with investees to advance their causes within the broader context of Omidyar Network??s initiative sector goals. In executing these responsibilities, he / she will maintain a close partnership and tight coordination with the global marcom team. QUALIFICATIONS: A minimum of 12 years in marketing and communications with leadership experience of a multi - discipline communications function, including public relations, brand image management, marketing communications, corporate communications, investor relations, and public and / or government affairs, ideally both in corporate and agency environments. Possess excellent writing skills. Build strong relationships with individuals in traditional and new media. Innovative and creative thinker with proven success using traditional, digital, and social media to advance communications objectives. Experience developing and managing marketing and communications programs including regional responsibility for a global brand. Proven track record of designing and implementing executive communications platforms. Possess experience working in a matrixed organization and can demonstrate an understanding of the marcom challenges present in working in a local office of a global organization. Proven ability to establish trust and credibility of internal and external clients.? Someone who is sought out for his / her opinions and counsel and who can forge and maintain close relationships across internal and external teams and members of the media. Highly collaborative and supportive style. Capable of building relationships and influencing the opinions of others. Experience serving as a communications counselor and coach to executive management. Understanding of the public and private sectors. Demonstrated commitment to our organization??s core values, mission, and programs and to serving our investees. Ideally brings a history of community service or philanthropy and understands and values the importance of social change work. ? Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM- Marketing Research Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: Omidyar Network India Advisors Private Limited At Omidyar Network, we start from a fundamental belief: People are inherently capable, but they often lack opportunity. We believe if we invest in people, through opportunity, they will create positive returns for themselves, their families, and the world at large. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details