TITLE: Manager Finance

SKILLS: Accounts

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Summary Oversee all accounts, ledgers, and reporting systems ensuring compliance with appropriate GAAP standards and regulatory requirements. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. Coordinate all audit activity. Consistently analyze financial data and present financial reports in an accurate and timely manner; clearly communicate monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements; monitor progress and changes and keep senior leadership financial status; Assist leadership in the annual budgeting and planning process; administer and review all financial plans and compare to actual results with a view to identify, explain, and correct variances as appropriate. Support the Finance Controller in engaging the boards audit and finance committees around issues and trends in financial operating models and delivery. Oversee the compliance with Companies Act and other relevant laws. Desired Experience: Strong organizational and management skills. Ability to see the big picture while focusing on the process and procedures necessary to produce deliverables. Meticulous attention to detail and accuracy in work product. Ability to meet and establish deadlines. Flexibility and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Intermediate to advanced applications software expertise (Excel and accounting software). Corporate accounting experience, including overheads and payroll. Experience in forecasting and budgeting. College accounting degree and public accounting experience (CPA preferred). Excellent interpersonal skills and a team player. Job Description ??????????Oversee all accounts, ledgers, and reporting systems ensuring compliance with appropriate GAAP standards and regulatory requirements. ??????????Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. ??????????Coordinate all audit activity. ??????????Consistently analyze financial data and present financial reports in an accurate and timely manner; clearly communicate monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements; monitor progress and changes and keep senior leadership financial status; ??????????Assist leadership in the annual budgeting and planning process; administer and review all financial plans and compare to actual results with a view to identify, explain, and correct variances as appropriate. ??????????Support the Finance Controller in engaging the boards audit and finance committees around issues and trends in financial operating models and delivery. ??????????Oversee the compliance with Companies Act and other relevant laws. ? Desired Experience: ???Strong organizational and management skills. Ability to see the big picture while focusing on the process and procedures necessary to produce deliverables. Meticulous attention to detail and accuracy in work product. Ability to meet and establish deadlines. Flexibility and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Intermediate to advanced applications software expertise (Excel and accounting software). Corporate accounting experience, including overheads and payroll. Experience in forecasting and budgeting. College accounting degree and public accounting experience (CPA preferred). Excellent interpersonal skills and a team player. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category:Finance/Audit Role:Finance/Budgeting Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Com PG:CA Company Profile: Purplle.com Purplle.com is India\'s Leading Online Destination for Personal Care and Grooming. Armed with 400 brands and 10,000 products, Purplle.com attracts 3-4 million beauty enthusiasts a month. Purplle.com Salons & Spa Finder is a hyper local salons listing and booking platform currently live in 4 cities with a catalogue of 4000 salons and spas. Purplle.com has grown 400% YoY for the last three years and has captured 15-20% market share in the online beauty market. We are looking for people who are excited to build technology capabilities in the mobile and e-commerce space at scale. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details