TITLE: Compliance DevOps Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - DBA

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide . Please visit our website here for more information. Compliance Transformation is a business transformation group sitting under the Function Transformation department within Operations & Technology. Compliance Transformation is about transforming the way we deliver innovative business solutions to our clients. Our ambition is to own end to end accountability for the business solutions we provide. We will achieve this by becoming a world class business transformation team focused on business outcomes. Overall purpose of role: The DevOps engineer will look after all environments used for the development, testing and release of Employee Compliance systems. They will be responsible for setting up DevOps tools and platforms for the development team across different environments in order to improve automation and efficiency, and reduce defects due to manual work. The member will coordinate all work required for the deployment of the systems onto target hosts, working with the development, infrastructure, operations and end user teams. He or she will also assist in trouble- shooting issues, for instance assisting the respective support teams. Key Accountabilities and Skills required: Responsible for the day to day operation of systems and infrastructure, ensuring system reliability, efficiency and continuity. Work with development teams and release management to design and implement Automation. Evolve components of the delivery pipeline, software deployment approaches and code management strategies. Establish and support Continuous Integration platforms that support the development teams day- to- day activities as per Barclays agreed approaches. Support for high availability, disaster recovery and disaster recovery testing Evaluate and Optimize performance of the application servers and infrastructure Identify, evaluate and implement new technology approaches. Coordinate closely with RTB and Change Management teams in order to automate releases across Prod and Non- Prod environments with the minimum of manual interaction. Support Release and Change Management activities outside of regular office- hours where necessary. Write and update documentation pertaining to the DevOps and Environmental set up of the application platforms. Develop expertise across all Barclays DevOps tools and provide training, coaching and guidance to the development team as necessary. Participate in Barclays forums related to DevOps and Lean initiatives, implementing proposals within the Compliance applications. Stakeholder management and leadership. Must be able to work with global (UK, India and US) and multi- disciplinary (3 rd party, contractors and Barclays) delivery teams. Communications across multiple regions and significant time- zone gaps. Ensure that deliveries are completed as per stakeholder expectations, on schedule, as per regulatory requirements. Drive a DevOps culture across Technology and Business teams. Risk and Control: All Barclays colleagues have to ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards Your Skills and Qualifications will include Mandatory Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or similarly related field. Act as an expert in coordinating with various organization wide teams and application teams in implementing various DevOps initiatives. Experience with CI and build tools such as TeamCity, Jenkins, Maven, and Ant. Experience implementing and creating standards for tool set such as Version control, TeamCity, Jenkins, SonarCube. Experience with Nolio release automation tool Practical experience administering and configuring application servers, web servers, and databases such as jBoss, Tomcat, Oracle, MS SQL Server Setup and configuration of necessary software components on target infrastructure/ hosts to comply with Barclays requirements, create and review release plans. Coordinate with support teams to perform production deployments. Configure application server middleware infrastructure to meet business requirements around availability and performance Advanced knowledge of Bash or other Unix scripting like perl/ python/ jython. Preferred qualifications: Good knowledge of Java programming and SQL Quick learner; strong analytical and problem- solving skills, with the ability to deal with numerous tasks simultaneously and with frequently changing priorities. Demonstrable ability to communicate and build relationships with members of the business and technology communities. Strong written and verbal communication skills Must be independent and creative in approach to problems and issues; assertive, tenacious, proactive The Benefits: Our customers deserve the best. The same goes for our employees. That's why at Barclays you'll receive a range of benefits that include a competitive salary and all the tools, technology and support you need to succeed. Our Culture: Everything we do is shaped by the five values of Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship. The values inform the foundations of our relationships with customers and clients, but they also shape how we measure and reward the performance of our employees. Simply put, success is not just about what you achieve, but about how you achieve it. Dynamic working gives everyone at Barclays the opportunity to integrate professional and personal lives, if you have a need for flexibility then please discuss this with the hiring manager. Barclays is an equal opportunity employer and are opposed to discrimination on any grounds. For more detailed information, please visit our dedicated Diversity and Inclusion site here . Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - DBA , Datawarehousing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:Any Postgraduate Company Profile: Barclays Shared Services Pvt. Ltd About Barclays Barclays is an international financial services provider engaged in personal banking, credit cards, corporate and investment banking and wealth management with an extensive presence in Europe, the Americas, Africa and Asia. Barclays purpose is to help people achieve their ambitions in the right way. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, Barclays operates in over 50 countries and employs approximately 140, 000 people. Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details