TITLE: Devops Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: Software Engineer, Senior Software Engineer - DevOps About being in Devops: As a Software Engineer in DevOps you will play a pivotal role in defining the infrastructure-as-code & devops practice for Jivox. You will influence and contribute to the automation of Jivoxs software on cloud optimized for handling several billions of ad impressions. You will design and implement large scale public cloud architectures for smoother and faster software delivery. You will design and manage deployments of horizontal scaling systems, monitoring systems, big data systems, and a complete gamut of large scale distributed platform capabilities Jivox is adding to support dozens of billion events. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Advertising / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer DevOps Webservices scripting Python Java PHP stack Desired Candidate Profile If this interests you, and you bring to the table the following:At least 2 years experience in working on Amazon Webservices (Amazon SDKs, VPC, AMIs, etc)Excellent programming experience in scripting languages (Python, Ruby or Go preferred)Excellent knowledge of Linux command line tools for server management and tuning (AWK, Daemons and services, NSlookup, Netstat, File descriptors, etc)Excellent knowledge of networking (DNS, NAT, VPN, IPtables, OSPF, etc)Knowledge of Java or PHP stack (Jetty, Tomcat, Servlets, etc) and MySQL queries (mysqldump, mysqlcheck, analyze, etc)Desirable but not mandatory skills:Experience with distributed systemsExperience with configuration management tools like Puppet, Ansible or ChefExperience with CI tools like Jenkins, Teamcity or GoCDKnowledge of open source technologies and tools in devops and cloud like Netflix, etc Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Jivox Software India Jivox is the leader in highly personalized digital advertising and marketing. Jivox delivers the platform that provides a unique facility to create and run personalized advertisement driven by insights. With our unique ability to correlate user and contextual data, the Jivox IQ platform creates personalized digital ads in real time - customized to the individual - by dynamically generating thousands of creative and messaging variations at scale. Jivox platform is built for extreme personalization that analyzes more than 12 billion events every month and crunches multi terabytes of data every day. Jivox helps several enterprises like Microsoft, Sony, BestBuy, WPP, and many more to run successful targeted ad campaigns. Jivox has offices in San Mateo, New York, Bangalore and London. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details