TITLE: Fast Track Managers

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Starboard Managers are promoted from within. However, we also recruit land- based managers through our FAST Track Sales Manager Program. As a FAST Track Manager, you will join our team as an assistant manager on a FAST track to learn Starboard business in order to rapidly advance into a sales manager role. The FAST Track Manager will lead our retail team members to promote and model our high- quality retailing standards. You will continuously drive maximum sales results and deliver superior quality customer service through our talented retail sales staff. The FAST Track Management program runs 8 to 12 weeks in length, depending on progression through the program. You will work side by side with an experienced retail sales manager to quickly learn our business and prepare you for a successful leadership role at Starboard. The Assistant Sales Manager is responsible for leading sales efforts and maintaining guest services. This role includes interacting with people in a motivating and friendly manner and setting clear expectations with others about desired results. Through open communication and consistency between values and behavior, the Assistant Sales Mangers promote teamwork and merchandise according to the strategy of the business to ensure exceptional guest experiences. Candidate Profile : Outgoing Personality Strong product knowledge Top rate customer service Excellent English communication skills Team player with positive attitude Min.3- 5 Yrs of management experience Strong, in- depth knowledge of retail business / operations and guest relationship Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:F&B Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile: Airborne Recruiting Pvt. Ltd. Airborne Recruiting Pvt. Ltd. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details