TITLE: Team Leader - Production

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : Description: The Production Team Leader provide leadership and support for the implementation, development & direction of production teams. The position implements actions to improve product & process quality, as well as accelerating and support cultural change efforts aimed at achieving organizational goals. . Essential Responsibilities : Key responsibilities include: Monitoring of different shifts and improving productivity, while ensuring all customer commitments are met in a timely, quality and cost-conscious manner Developing and creating training plans to maximize workforce capability Leading Compliance, as well as Environmental, Health & Safety efforts in support of plant goals Driving LEAN manufacturing implementation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Keyskills Process Quality Lean Manufacturing Production Productivity Improvement Team Leading leadership Desired Candidate Profile Qualifications/Requirements: Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required Maintaining full Quality System Regulation and Current Good Manufacturing Practices requirements Maintaining full regulatory compliance and other legal requirements Knowledge and understanding of production process Work Instructions and operates within them to ensure that a device conforms to its specifications Ensures the creation of accurate, complete and timely records and DHRsQualifications:1. Bachelors Degree with 2 -6years production, supply chain experience Demonstrated ability to lead and develop teams.2. Demonstrated ability to identify and implement Best Practices and deal with high levels of ambiguityPreferred Qualifications:1. Engineering Degree or Masters2. Demonstrated ability to identify & implement best practices.3. Demonstrated ability to perform with high levels of ambiguity.4. Prior Team Leading experience5. OMLP graduate. Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details