TITLE: Email Marketing Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Email Marketing Expert should be an outgoing, people person who understands the language of interaction through and on a digital platform. You are expected to be curious and possess technical knowhow, in order to effortlessly use marketing on a digital platform to make a connection. Email marketing strategy and execution within the company throughout various departments will be your key role of importance. From performance oriented goals to tracking revenue you will be expected to upgrade the existing standard each time so as to improve the overall standard of digital interaction. Responsibilities You will be expected to work closely with a team of individuals, who are passion driven about digital interaction and marketing strategies. Devising and execution of email strategy in campaigns, promotions and funnels are of great importance to you and the team. Updating yourself and your team with the latest in current industry trends is vital for your own growth. Ensure you comply with spam legislation and industry standard delivery rates. Tracking data: funnels performance, email performance, tests performance, copy performance, promotions, revenue,?KPIs should be your breathing force. Analyze data and come up with proposals on improving performance on email marketing campaigns. Proactive about innovation of creating a new approach to email marketing Collaborate with various teams within the organization to boost their message via email marketing campaigns.Must Haves Good command over English Language and & great communication skills. Proactive, independent and Self - driven. Notices details while expected to multitask. Embraces technology and is open to learning about newer avenues within digital marketing Innovative, creative & logical thinking. Should be able to create breakthroughs during email marketing campaigns by suggesting new brilliant ideas. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Education / Teaching / Training Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:M.Tech Company Profile: Entrepreneurs Institute Entrepreneurs Institute is a leading entrepreneur education group founded by Social Entrepreneur & Futurist, Roger James Hamilton. The mission behind Entrepreneurs Institute is to empower and inspire entrepreneurs to follow their flow. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details