TITLE: Business Development Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate will be responsible for selling CCM related software solutions into new BFSI and telecom accounts. The individual will develop and execute sales plans for target accounts and need to have demonstrated experience with: Develop account business plans for strategic enterprise and commercial accounts to promote software, services and training. Uses specialty to leverage existing opportunities and branch into more than one business unit in the account. Establish a professional working relationship with decision makers and C - Level to develop a core understanding of the client s unique business needs. Builds growth opportunities leveraging the account planning process; actively manages planning process through scheduled client reviews. Responsible for achieving yearly quota for software and service solutions. Implements pipeline management practices while maintaining opportunities in Salesforce.com on a weekly basis. Profile : Bachelor's or Master's (graduate) degree in Business Administration (MBA), sales, finance, marketing or equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge of Customer Communication Management industry and competing software solutions in BFSI and telecom industry sectors is a plus Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:MBA/PGDM Company Profile: FCI CCM, Inc. FCI is a leading solution provider for banks, financial institutes, insurance, healthcare, telcos and utilities for managing their customer communications. All this is delivered through a Managed Services approach in an onsite or offsite model or through a private cloud infrastructure based on what suits best clients needs. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details