TITLE: Academic Faculty

SKILLS: Teaching

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Charaka Center for Education, Bangalore Experience: Teaching experience in tutorials is highly desirable Location: Bangalore Job Type: Two full time, Seven Visiting Faculty Salary: Highly competitive salary and benefits. A Bangalore based Medical Education Center, is recruiting faculty to teach two tutorial courses. One in Post Graduate Medical Entrance Examinations (AIPGMEE) and another in MCI Screening Tests for Foreign Medical Graduates. Two full time and seven visiting faculty positions are available. Duties are to resume by first quarter of next year. Applicant must be medically qualified. Experience in teaching post graduate medical courses in tutorial settings is highly desirable. Must have expertise in reviewing and teaching high yield topics in multiple medical Science Subjects. Other than teaching, duties may include planning, coordination and administration of courses. Retired faculties with teaching experience are welcome to apply. Highly competitive salary and benefits. Center is being established by the founder of an international medical school for US and Canadian students (www.sjsm.org). Staff members of the center will have access to wealth of experience, facilities, and career opportunities. Incumbent will be reporting to and communicating with a team of experts stationed in Chicago Corporate Office.Â Incumbent must be medically qualified, with teaching experience in post graduate medical courses. M.B.B.S degree from a recognized institution. Post graduate (PGI/AIIMS) medical qualification from a recognized Institution OR Doctor of Medicine (MD) / Doctor of Surgery (MS) with a current medical license. Applicant must have expertise in reviewing and teaching high yield topics in at least two of the major medical Sc. Subjects. Incumbent will directly report to the CEO and will work closely with the Academic staff in Chicago Office. Duties include planning, coordination and administration of courses during the initial phase. Experience in teaching in tutorials is highly desirable. Retired faculty with teaching experience can also apply. Submit current CV, cover letter with special reference to knowledge of aforesaid Examinations. jobsatcharaka@gmail.com Salary: Highly competitive salary and benefits. Industry: Other Functional Area: Teaching , Education , Training , Counselling Role Category:University Level Role:Lecturer/Professor Keyskills Science Administration M.D M.B.B.S Medicine MCI AIPGMEE MEDICAL COACHING medical training MEDICAL EDUCATION PG Medical medical institute Desired Candidate Profile Incumbent must be medically qualified, with teaching experience in post graduate medical courses. M.B.B.S degree from a recognized institution.Post graduate (PGI/AIIMS) medical qualification from a recognized Institution ORDoctor of Medicine (MD) / Doctor of Surgery (MS) with a current medical license. Applicant must have expertise in reviewing and teaching high yield topics in at least two of the major medical Science Subjects. Duties include planning, coordination and administration of courses during the initial phase. Experience in teaching in tutorials is highly desirable. Education- UG: MBBS - Medicine PG:Medical-MS/MD - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization, Other Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: HRDS INC Charaka Centre for Education Bangalore Center is being established by the founder of an international medical school for US and Canadian students (www.sjsm.org). Staff members of the center will have access to wealth of experience, facilities, and career opportunities. Incumbent will be reporting to and communicating with a team of experts stationed in Chicago Corporate Office. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details