TITLE: Resource Person - Member - Compensation & Benefit, People Function

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Summary The main job responsibilities for this position are as below: Proven work experience to execute monthly payroll and coordinate with the required stakeholders to ensure timely and accurate remittance for employees every month.Â Making offer letters as per required structure Knowledge in preparing MIS reports, Metrics and Master Data. Should have an eye for detail and great analyzing skills Responsible for salary computation and the salary administration.Â Hands on experience for handling the statutory compliance i.e. PF,PT,ESI and other legal and compliance issuesÂ Benefits administration: To coordinate with Insurance companies for renewals / coverages and maintain master record of addition/deletions & claims.Â Handling employee queries w.r.t to Payroll/ taxation / benefits / statutory compliance Responsible for the employees exit process and full and final settlementÂ Experience in compensation Budgets Generate update and manage Master Data base on a day-to-day basis. Work Related Activities: Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or SubordinatesÂ Getting Information observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources.Â Analyzing Data or InformationÂ Making Decisions and Solving Problems analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal RelationshipsÂ Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job. Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing WorkÂ Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: NGO / Social Services / Regulators / Industry Associations Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Payroll Executive Keyskills Salary Administration Payroll Compensation MIS Reporting Benefits Administration Statutory Compliance PF Exit Process Data Analysis Legal Compliance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce PG:MBA/PGDM - HR/Industrial Relations, M.Com - Commerce Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualification and Experience Graduate/ Post Graduate - Commerce Graduate / MBA in Human Resource (Full time)/ PG Diploma in HRCandidates with strong experience in Payroll administration.Â Adequate knowledge of current labour rules and regulations ESI / LWF / S&E ActFair knowledge in taxationÂ Working knowledge on ERP People Soft5 to 7 years of experience in HR and at least 3-4 year in C&B area.Â Skills and Attributes Should be proficient in MS Office (MS Excel Intermediate / Advanced Level, MS Word, MS PowerPoint)High Analytical / numerical ability passion and flair for numbersShould be effective in oral and written communication skills.Excellent interpersonal skills, fostering team work and a collaborative work cultureOut of Box thinker, able to suggest alternatives & discuss with the Functional Leaders will be an advantagePrevious experience in using PeopleSoft ERP is desirableStrong Time Management skillsAbility to work under pressure and tough deadlinesHands on experience to prepare all the MIS ReportsJudgment and Decision MakingResult OrientedActive ListeningCritical Thinking Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Â Job Reports to Manager Compensation and Benefits/Support Team Company Profile: Azim Premji Foundation About the Organization Azim Premji Foundation is a not-for-profit organization that is working towards making deep, large scale and institutionalized impact on the quality and equity of education in India, along with related development areas. We believe that any large-scale educational change requires significant and sustained effort over decades and can be achieved through working at multiple levels with a multi-pronged approach. Today, we work in 7 states and 1 Union Territory with a potential to reach over 3, 50,000 schools. Key aspects of our work include Partnering with Government: We work in collaboration with state governments and engage with teachers, teacher educators, head teachers at the block and cluster level and with education officials, senior government functionaries and policy makers at the district, state and national levels. State and District Institutes: We have State Institutes in the capitals of select Indian States and several District Institutes within these states, each having dedicated teams. The work of the State and District Institute is institutional in nature, recognizing that long term and consistent engagement is necessary for educational change. Our Institutes work at the grass-root level, closely engaging with the government education system. The range of work we do spans capacity building of teachers, head teachers and other functionaries at the district level and state level. It also involves work on curriculum, assessment, educational leadership and management, policy issues and advocacy at the state level. The Foundation today, has institutes that are located at Karnataka (Bengaluru, Yadgir, Mandya and Gulbarga), Rajasthan (Jaipur, Sirohi, Tonk, Barmer and Rajsamand), Uttarakhand (Dehradun, Uttarkashi, Udham Singh Nagar and Almora), Bihar (Patna), Chhattisgarh (Raipur and Dhamtari), Madhya Pradesh (Bhopal) and Puducherry. At six of our District Institutes, we have the Foundation schools that have been established for the specific purpose of demonstration. These schools provide quality and free education to the local community, at costs and constraints similar to that of rural government schools. Azim Premji University has a clear social purpose - to make significant contributions towards a just, equitable, humane and sustainable society. The University aspires to do this through the development of talent and the creation of knowledge which can facilitate systemic change in education and allied development areas. This is an explicit commitment to the idea that knowledge and learning have human and social consequences and that their pursuit cannot be separated from these consequences. Scale and Reach: Over the next few years, the Foundation plans to have about 50 District Institutes, 10 schools and over 4000 employees. We have footprints in 45 districts, have 6 Demonstration Schools and over 1200 employees. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details