TITLE: Sales Manager - Reliance Life Insurance

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, HIRING FOR SALES MANAGER Â PAN INDIA (On Direct Payroll) for Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana Reliance Life Insurance is one of the largest life insurance company in India,with over I crore policies issues and over 1000 branches across the country. We are hiring young & enthusiastic sales professionals on direct payroll for SALES MANAGER - Location are in Karnataka, Andhra pradesh and Telangana & PAN INDIA. Eligibility: Must be a graduate Hardcore Sales experience of 6 month to 6 Yrs in a sales organization. Candidates from Pharma, Credit Card, Mutual Fund, Telecom, Home Marketing, FMCG, Insurance, Post Office Agents will be preferred & Direct marketing. Job Profile: Recruiting, training and developing new insurance advisors. Generating new business by leveraging existing relationships, prospecting, conducting market analysis and launching campaigns. Maximizing sales performance through delivering an exceptional customer experience, people management and cost control. Ensuring advisors complies with all company policies, processes and procedures, and addressing any shortfalls. Interested Candidate Can Mail Updated CV on hima.reddy@relianceada.com Contact Person : Hima bindu reddy Contact No. 080- 30585929 Salary:INR Best In the Industry Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Management Life Insurance Direct Marketing Mutual Funds insurance Product Sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Reliance Life Insurance Company Limited Reliance Life Insurance is a Reliance Capital Company and is part of Reliance Group. Reliance Life Insurance is one of the largest life insurance company in India with over I crore policies issues and over 1000 branches across the country. Reliance Life Insurance offers you products that fulfill your savings and protection needs. Our aim is to emerge as a transnational Life Insurer of global scale and standard. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details