TITLE: Startup Unity 2D game Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: 2D social/casino game development using Unity or LibGdx/Cocos2dx Create engaging casual/social/casino games using modular and efficiently written code. End to end Gameplay, AI and UI Programming Rapidly prototype new game concepts and designs to find the fun Work independently in a fast paced and rapidly changing product environment. Follow industry trends and best practices and drive implementation within the team including version control (Git/SVN), reuse and memory and performance optimization. Requirements BE/BTech in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline 1-4 total years with 2+ years creating high quality mobile games using Unity3D. Proficiency in one or more of C#, C++, Objective C, Java and scripting languages (Perl, Python, Lua, Javascript) Expert level in Monodev, C#, Unity3D 4.x/5.x At least one top notch cross platform mobile game from concept to ship. Passion for games and high product ownership - Ability to work independently, cleverly, and meet deadlines under pressure. Strong and effective communication (written and oral). Exceptional knowledge of Android/iOS internals and build process Expertise in gameplay related fields like AI programming, Computer Graphics, Physics/Collision Detection, Animations, Scripting and Networking Deep understanding of operating system fundamentals such as processes, interprocess communication, multi-threading primitives, race conditions and deadlocks. Strong understanding of object oriented programming and familiarity with design patterns Demonstrated ability to write efficient, well documented, modular and reusable code. Strong in memory management and optimization on Unity3D Knowledge of common data structures and algorithms Experience with 3rd Party SDKs (Ads, IAP, Data Store, Multiplayer Game etc) Good knowledge of Version and Revision control practices and procedures (SVN, Git). Skills: C#, Android, iOS Development, Computer Graphics, Game Development, Unity3D, Excellent Communication Skills Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills Objective C C++ Java Data Structures C# IOS Algorithms Design Patterns Multithreading Javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Digit88 Games We create mobile social casino and casual games specifically for a global audience. Our first game, Carnival Slots is an addictive blend of 3-Reeled Slots with a fun Carnival twist and a variety of mini-games to get the user coming back for more.We follow a hybrid monetization strategy using In App virtual goods and in-game ads. We've seen higher than average metrics with a good potential to improve traction with greater scale. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details