TITLE: Dsit-t&s -business Analyst (front Office)

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: The primary responsibility of the Front Office Business Analyst (BA) is to serve as the application & functional expert on the business processes, systems and data in the Trading and Supply Crude & Products portfolio. The BA will perform business analysis and execute change activities, this will include both project work and sustain and improvement enhancements. The BA will work alongside Project Managers, developers, and other BAs to provide IT solutions and support to meet their business needs. Accountable for the integrity and driving improvements of Business KPIs of the Front Office area of the Blueprint Products (Endur) system. Key Accountabilities: 1. Front Office Area involves supporting the Trading and the Trading Risk Business portfolios. 2. Provision of top quartile Application Support based solution, to service levels agreed with the Business 3. IT Business analysis work on project, discretionary, operational items. This would include Business Analysis, Business Requirements Definition, Business Solution Design, Functional Specification & Acceptance Criteria, and Acceptance Test Plan and Management. 4. Unit, system integration, and E2E process testing for new enhancements, projects and performs or facilitates change management communication to the user community on future IT solution changes. 5. Liaising with a diverse set of business and IT stakeholders 6. Act as a functional expert for both business process and MI in delivery space. 7. Capture and analyse Business process and MI requirements in project, discretionary, operational items 8. Support operations in security, incident/problem management, change management and other run and maintain activities as a Functional and Business process expert. 9. Champion global streamlined enterprise business processes and information standardization, as well as all IT procedure and policies. Key Activities: * Assist with tracking and reporting progress around Application Change Requests (ACRs). * Develop requirements documents for change requests (fault resolution and enhancements) and ensure completeness and business sign off. * Provide Level 2 and Level 3 support in conjunction with ITSO/SOM. * Participate in deployment related activities for bundle releases, including cutover planning and execution. * Participate in project activities as funded. * Serve as functional subject matter expert in the Front Office area of the Openlink Endur solution. * Develop, change and implement system health checks. Work with business users on health check results to drive root cause analysis. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills operations risk management front office development ba business analysis travel change management policies application support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Competencies & Qualifications:* A professional certification e.g. IIBA certification (CCBA/CBAP) or PMI-PBA is a plus * Ability to work in a fast-paced, demanding, rapidly changing environment* Strong engagement skills, working with senior leaders on regular basis * Need for strong team-working skills in a virtual environment; willingness to travel periodically * Ability to effectively engage a virtual team of leaders located in different geographies* Ability to respond to organizational and environmental changes that impact projects.* Awareness of software testing principles.* Must have strong analytical aptitude and be able to analyse complex problems / requirements and be able to define functionally advanced IT solutions* Must have a process oriented aptitude* Ability to self-start and direct efforts based on high-level business objectives yet seek guidance as necessary. Job Experience Requirements* Experience in business analyses, business IT change management, IT project management, preferably within Shell context* Familiar with a range of analysis, modelling, and design methods; has broad current knowledge of IT standards, applications, and trends* Ability to take a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving and pay close attention to detail.* Experienced in communicating and partnering with stakeholders across cultures and at all organizations, singly and in groups* Has a comprehensive understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management, and software testing and of all testing events throughout the development lifecycle. * Takes a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving and pays close attention to detail* Broad knowledge of IT, knowledge of the technology landscape including current developments and the most commonly available products. * Comprehensive understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management.* Knowledge of Openlink Endur and/or Trading business experience a plus. Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details