TITLE: IT Technology Principal Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. IT Technology Principal / Senior Consultant Do you demand the best from your professional career Are you inspired by excellence At SAP, you will have the power to make a real impact. As the global market leader for Business software, SAP helps companies and organizations in more than 25 industries toÂ run better. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Scale, Enablement and Transformation - SET (previously known as SAKP) is part of GSS (Global Service and Support) board area. Our mission is to enable innovation adoption at scale, in the cloud and everywhere. SET is responsible for driving the simplified Implementation experience of the new digital core (SAP S/4 HANA) and for end-to-end (E2E) Solutions with SAP Best Practices and/or Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDS). Within the SET organization, the area Solution Package Build & Framework holds end-to-end Responsibility for governing, planning, defining, creating, and assembling SAP Best Practices And/or Rapid Deployment Solutions (RDSs). SET Managed Services is the central shared service center located in Walldorf, Shanghai and Bangalore for system landscape provisioning & operation for SET Solution Package Build & Framework. This high-performance team serves concurrently 100 projects in EMEA, APJ, US on a 5x16 basis. At optimal cost/benefit ratio SET Managed Services is the one-stop-shop to deliver system landscapes with minimal delivery time while hiding IT complexity from our customers. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS This position is designed to perform as a highly skilled technology (senior) consultant in all phases of a SAP system landscape lifecycle. Starting with the system landscape planning and provisioning continuing with operations and related consulting until dismantling. You will be part of a global distributed team, working closely together with our Solution Package Build development teams, Product Development, Development Landscape Management teams, internal IT infrastructure providers and cloud solution providers. In this role you will learn continuously and work hands on with the latest SAP technology (e.g., S/4HANA, Cloud, Fiori and all possible integrations). EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Bachelor or Masters degree in Computer science Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills ERP Consulting Computer Science Product Development SAP Technology Research Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers PG:M.Sc - Any Specialization, Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required 5 or more years of IT experience with a solid experience in SAP system provisioning andOperations within SAP.Mandatory requirements Profound SAP Basis knowledge and extensive hands on experienceDeep interest in providing technology consulting in line with SAP system landscapesSolid understanding of SAP HANA (Installation / Configuration / Migration / Optimization)Hands - on experience in different database concepts preferably HANA or ASEHigh customer & service orientationStrong analytical and problem solving skillsAbility to prioritize work and activitiesIT Technology Principal Consultant Ability to multi - task and work to tight time - linesStrong intercultural business and team skillsExcellent team player, who is willing to work in an international virtual environmentKnowledge in ITIL methodologyExcellent English written and oral communication skillsPreferred skills Experience in a customer facing or support roleAbility to create excellent documentationKnowledge on S / 4 HANA and SAP Cloud technology topics.com)SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and / or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e - mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details