TITLE: Android Developer - Iit/bits/nit

SKILLS: IT Software - Mobile

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this What we are looking for : We need our mobile app developer to create next-generation technology that change how millions look for their perfect place on rent. We are looking for problem solvers who have a knack for challenges and take them right 'on the face' to solve it at any cost, come what may. Job Responsibilities Development of Android Application from scratch Excellent Analytical and Problem Solving Skills. Develop innovative solutions based on product requirements and business challenges in Android. Ensure all Android code suitable for automated unit testing and own code coverage. Provide task estimations and deliver quality code on time. Participate in regular bug fixing. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Mobile Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Android SDK android app development Google Maps bug fixing Problem Solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements1+ year(s) of experience with android app developmentBtech from Tier-1 Institute IIT/ NIT/ BITSSolid understanding of Android SDKProficient with developing optimized UI for different android versions and devicesExperience with Android Google Maps API (desirable)Experience with publishing application on Google Play Store (desirable)Experience with Android framework itself (activities, services, relate lifecycles, intents, content providers, broadcast receivers etc). Company Profile: Wheelstreet Wheelstreet.in is a product of Bashar Technologies Pvt Ltd that caters to an online platform for all the bike lovers across India. We connect bike owner to the renter and provide hassle free bike renting experience. Here we list bike ranging from 2010 to 2015 model after verifying the owner. We are an easy platform connecting the customers with the best bike available in the town at minimum security deposit. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details