TITLE: Assistant Manager/manager - Logistics

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. Scope of the role Responsible for KEC of Logistics processes to ensure zero error operations and meet changing needs of business 2. Job Profile The job involves a. Periodic review of all logistics processes in conjunction with feedback from stakeholders, identify gaps and implement corrective actions. b. Support revised processes with necessary infrastructure, technology and personnel c. Interact with stake holders (stores, franchisees, distributors, vendors, compliance team, auditors etc) and proactively prepare for any changes that may be required for future (eg. Omni channel transactions, Home delivery, reverse logistics from end customers, ) d. Identify new opportunities for improvement in service levels, costs, productivity, reduction in pilferage, etc w.r.t processes, concepts, technology evaluate and implement. (eg order tracking at store level/customer level, Visibility of last mile delivery through GPS/Mobile, ) 3. Key Deliverables a. Achieving and sustaining zero error logistics operations across the country including omni channel, and reverse logistics b. Improvement in on-time delivery, transit time, order tracking, costs, pilferages, damages, and statutory compliance 4. The right person a. Graduate with 4 to 6 years experience in new age logistics management in FMCG / e-commerce environment. b. Good business acumen c. Excellent knowledge of ERP environment and technology related to logistics and order tracking. d. Ability to manage external agencies such as service providers, consultants, etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Manager Keyskills Reverse Logistics Logistics Management Logistics Operations Statutory Compliance Desired Candidate Profile a. Graduate with 4 to 6 years experience in new age logistics management in FMCG / e-commerce environment.b. Good business acumen c. Excellent knowledge of ERP environment and technology related to logistics and order tracking. d. Ability to manage external agencies such as service providers, consultants, etc. Company Profile: Titan Company Ltd. The Manufacturers of India's leading watch brand and India's only national jewellery brand - using design, technology and people for unchallenged market leadership.Ã‚Â§ Joint Venture between India's most respected business organization - the Tata Group and the Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation (TIDCO), World's sixth largest manufacturer brand of watches and India's leading producer of watches under the Titan and Sonata brand names.Ã‚Â§ Product portfolio includes watches, clocks, accessories and jewellery, in both contemporary and traditional designs.Ã‚Â§ Exports watches to about 40 countries around the world with manufacturing facilities in Hosur, Dehradun, Goa and manufactures precious jewellery under the Tanishq brand name, making it India's only national jewellery brand.Ã‚Â§ Exports Tanishq jewellery to Europe, U.S.A., Middle East and Australia.Ã‚Â§ Extensive domestic distribution network, amongst the world's largest retail chain of exclusive retail showrooms called 'The World of Titan' with 164 showrooms and multibrand outlets named Time Zones with 144 outlets for watches.Ã‚Â§ Titan watches crossed 50 Million customers- an endorsement of customer delight.Ã‚Â§ The Tanishq Jewellery Division has 83 Tanishq boutiques. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details