TITLE: Development Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. SAP Globalization Services Strategic Innovations Development Architect PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVESEXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Globalization Services (GS) acts as One Face to the Field Organization and SAP Customers for all globalization topics: internationalization, localization and translation. Globalization represents the process of developing software that addresses all business issues associated with enabling a company to operate worldwide. Every global business solution must support both global processes and local business practices and laws. The objective of Globalization Services is to enable core business processes on a global basis while still providing ease-of-use for local user communities. We are looking for a development architect that drives a new approach of offering compliance functionality as public cloud services. We call this SAP Localization Hub. This consists of multiple independent microservices that deal with country-specific functionality or functionality related to statutory requirements. By decoupling such features that were traditionally implemented as in-app extensions or modifications of SAPs products, we leverage the power of the cloud deployment model and are able to ship functionality faster, in more frequent iterations, more independently, and monetize localization offerings. The job requires a combination of very good technical understanding of cloud services and microservice architecture with strong business application knowledge.Â Your main responsibilities will be: Drive the portfolio of our upcoming services in the Localization Hub in a global team of architects and senior product managers across units in GS Represent the technical topics of our Localization Hub application services in the GS Leadership team Interact with internal senior-level stakeholders who represent our internal consumers, i. e. , SAP applications calling our Localization Hub services Interact with cloud operations/ delivery stakeholders Interact with external stakeholders (development partners, customers, analysts) Contribute to the architecture definition in a global product team Strong cooperation with teams/ management in other applications and locations Strong architectural and project management skills are required Scrum and ASE practices DevOps techniques EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/ SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES WORK EXPERIENCEÂ Excellent interpersonal and project management skills, as well as experience in leading teams Excellent communication skills in work across locations Excellent team player Strong ability to adapt communication to very diverse target groups: from senior experts/ architects to product managers to general C-level managers Knowledge of HCP, JAVA, and ABAP is an advantage Experience with business model generation Strong strategic thinking combined with pragmatic attitude Fluent English 10 years professional experience Experience with scrum and agile software engineering practices Experience with distributed development locations Experience with SAPs cloud applications Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Architecture Developer ERP SAP Engineer Engineering Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details