TITLE: Standard Cell Layout

SKILLS: IT Hardware

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Minimum Qualifications Standard cell & Custom cell designs including high speed and low power sequential cell, arithmetic data-path cell design, RegArray macros and pulse latch layout design. Follow design guidelines set forth by the Engineering and Layout design leads. Layouts/Macros must be high quality and completed in a timely manner and comply with the Foundry Design Rules,Restricted Design Rules for LVS, DRC, ERC, Softchecks, LPC checks. Preferred Qualifications 3+yrs relevant exp in layout contributions towards test chips or products. Hands-on experience layout of digital ASICs in leading edge CMOS processes 28nm, 20nm, 16nm, 14nm years using the following tools: Cadence (preferably 6.1* Open Access version), Cadence VXL, Mentor Graphics Calibre verification suite, Calibre RVE. Perl/TCL scripting proficiency is required. Proficiency in the design of custom data-path components (sequential and arithmetic components). Good understanding of standard cell library and Custom macro design. Good knowledge of ASIC design flow from synthesis to GDSII. Good knowledge of semi-custom design flows. Education Requirements Required: Bachelor's, Electrical Engineering Salary:INR 9,00,000 - 19,00,000 P.A Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Hardware , Technical Support , Telecom Engineering Role Category:IT Hardware Role:Hardware Design Engineer Keyskills DRC LVS CMOS Mentor Graphics Layout Design standard cell Layout Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Management solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking & Financial Services, Hospitality & Healthcare sectors in India. We are a 650+ strong group company with our delivery center based out of Bangalore, servicing clients PAN India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India. CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of University Programs & Campus Recruitment, Lateral Hiring, Executive Search, Process Management Services, Assessment Services, Compensation Advisory, Talent Branding, Outplacement & Temporary Staffing. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details