TITLE: Software Engineer - Traffic Management

SKILLS: IT Software - Systems

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Want to help create tomorrows Internet experience As a leader in the broadband network equipment industry, our solutions enable Communication Service Providers to deliver quality experiences for Internet customers around the world. And that quality experience is no exception for Sandvine Team Members. Recognized as one of Canadas Best Workplaces by Great Places to Work Institute for 8 consecutive years, our Team Members have the opportunity to develop, support and promote our solutions that have real business impact to our global customers. Their ideas are heard and transpire into reality, helping to shape tomorrow's Internet. Software Engineers at Sandvine are smart passionate developers able to solve and implement complex problems with the most robust high quality solutions on the planet! If you like working on the latest advances in the internet with engineers who thrive in a collaborative, global organization and have the skills and technical chops to challenge how to get stuff done and do it, you may be ready to join the Sandvine Team. Here at Sandvine we let you thrive while rewarding the top talent in an environment where we play just as hard as we work. As a member of the Traffic Management team, you will develop solutions that enable wireless and wireline network providers to optimize subscriber quality of experience and network usage. The Perks User Experience: Ability to work with some of the smartest people on the planet Competitive compensation plan Flexible working hours - in some roles work from home Employee development including training programs and mentorship Career development and advancement opportunities International travel opportunities- we are a global company The Requirement : You are one of the smartest people on the planet Work with a team of architects, and tech leads to translate the system requirements into a sub-system/ module design Work with other sub-system developers to design, document and implement the interface modules Implementing high-quality, high-performance code Debugging and troubleshooting problems in test and in production Create and execute the unit test plan and interface test plan The Match-up Benchmark: 3 years experience in various software engineering projects - hands on development roles Expertise in programming languages: C / C Good understanding in any One of: Linux, FreeBSD or Unix Network programming knowledge: TCP/ IP, SOAP Wired and wireless technologies and protocols: 3G, 4G / LTE, 3GPP, DSL, Cable Product knowledge (billing solutions, policy control) Experience with Java / PHP / Perl / Tcl / Python or similar scripting languages. *Thank you for applying to Sandvine; we are only contacting applicants that are an excellent fit - if you dont hear from us on this application please check back for future roles!* "Sandvine can offer what others can't. A better experience". Want to find out how Join our Sandvine Careers group on LinkedIn Follow-us on Twitter @SandvineCareers Like us on Faceboo Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Systems , EDP , MIS Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills java development billing service unix php linux wireless experience python Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Sandvine Technologies (I) Pvt Ltd. Sandvine develops and markets network equipment targeted to the evolving needs of today's DSL, cable and mobile operators. Sandvine s award-winning solutions identify the types and behaviors of traffic on networks enabling service providers to improve customer satisfaction, reduce operational costs and increase profitability. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details