TITLE: UI/ UX Designer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description If youve built mobile products which you believe are on the cutting edge of UI design; if you are fanatical about improving user experience and in doing so making the world a better place; and if you are excited about working on a product where the world is your market, we would love to meet you. Job Description: Ability to understand user behavior and identify actionable user insights. Experience with the conceptualization and design of navigation, labeling, search, and organization systems for websites and applications. Experience in conducting user research and defining user goals. High Proficiency in interaction design. Good visual design sensitivity. Experience in prototyping and conducting usability testing sessions. Creating all the inputs needed for design that is ready for development. Appreciation of whats possible in user flows, using latest technologies on the development side. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills User Interface Designing User Research Interaction Design User Experience Usability Testing Visual Design UX Prototyping UX Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills and Experience Minimum 2 years experience. Bachelors/ Masters in Graphic Design, Mobile App screen design, Interaction Design, HCI Excellent hands on skills to design and build mobile interfaces. Excellent knowledge of interaction and navigation pattern, research methods, and wireframing tools. Portfolio capturing work on high quality UX work. Company Profile: ArtiVatic ArtiVatic builds a synaptic network of explicit and inferred connections to create an intelligence layer on top of chaotic, siloed enterprise data for real-time, context relevant recommendations and give the reasons behind them. Synaptic intelligence is the only solution to make context-sensitive adjustments to recommendations to help businesses make smarter decisions in real time. System understands complete human activities & lifestyle such as health, food, movie, entertainment, events, shopping, eating habits, meeting, communication and more in form of unstructured data like context, images and videos to glean real instant insights and make decisions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details