TITLE: Creative Director

SKILLS: Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this "Overview Jivox enables the worlds top advertisers and agencies to deliver personalized advertising across all screens. Our flagship product, Jivox IQ, is the leading data-driven dynamic ad platform. Its unique architecture enables customers to develop and serve data-driven dynamic ads in a wide variety of formats, including mobile, interactive, expanding, video, native and much more. Several hundred media companies and agencies today use Jivox for their most demanding creative campaigns, including College Humor, Crispin Porter & Bogusky, Federated Media, Digitas, Havas, Hearst, A&E Networks, Martini Media, Merkley + Partners, Razorfish, TVGla, Universal McCann, Videology and Wieden+Kennedy. Stop by our Ad Gallery at http://www.jivox.com to see our ads at work. Position - Senior AdOps Technical Analyst This position requires an individual with good at Campaign Management - Adops, performance driven, effective communication skills. Also, possesses a good understanding of project/time management skills. Responsibilities This position leads our Global Creative and Design team. The Jivox IQ platform allows our agency and publisher clients to deliver dynamic, rich, multi-screen advertising experiences, and your role will be to ensure that our creative meets the highest quality standards. Core responsibilities include concepting new campaigns in the pre-sales process, executing designs for campaigns in production and ensuring design quality across all aspects of delivery. Youll need a keen eye for fresh and innovative design, as well as strong attention to detail. In this role, youll get to work with some of the most famous US and international brands, as well as top agencies and publishers. Day to day responsibilities include: Managing design quality across all campaigns delivered by the Jivox Client Services team. Work with the sales team to concept advertising for major US brands, to be included in sales/marketing pitches. Design ad units for campaigns executed by the Jivox Client Services team. Work with the Jivox global design and creative team to define, maintain and monitor quality standards. Assist in building a global design team to provide scalable design support across multiple time zones, geographies and advertising markets. Design and execute animations for design concepts as well as live campaigns. Assist in the design of Jivox Corporation branding, marketing and sales materials, including Jivox.com. Salary: Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Design , Creative , User Experience Role Category:Senior Management Role:Creative Director Keyskills Marketing Branding Advertising Sales Campaigns Campaign Management Major Effective Communication Skills Presales Agency Desired Candidate Profile Desired Skills and Experience 8 10 years of design experience in the advertising industry working with major US brands. Experience with multiple advertising formats including interactive pre-roll, rich media and mobile advertising types. Experience managing junior design resources, and working with globally distributed teams. Excellent Photoshop skills. Excellent Flash animation skills. Experience with HTML5/Javascript is a plus. Experience with other rich media platforms is a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent attention to detail and project management skills. BA or BS degree in relevant subject. Working hours CST Hours (1 pm to 10 pm)Location - Bangalore" Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Jivox Software Jivox Software Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details