TITLE: Senior FAE - FPGA Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This Xilinx FAE will be responsible for Xilinx design customers in India serving the communications, defense, video and test & measurement market segments. The FAE is responsible for all technical interaction with Xilinx customers and Xilinx factory experts to maximize Xilinx presence in our customers systems Provide deep technical support to customers in their selection and use of Xilinx development tools, silicon and IP products that ensure success Provide technical leadership and guidance that focuses on design win strategies for all customer opportunities Analyze customer needs, and compare and contrast Xilinx and competitive solutions in order to maximize the customers use of Xilinx products Collaborate with field and factory resources to develop and deliver technical proposals to customer project managers, engineering managers, system architects and design engineers Code and implement circuits to demonstrate efficient use of Xilinx technology and competitive advantages to secure design wins Use factory supplied presentation and demonstration material to craft and deliver presentations and demos on Xilinx products, tools, and methodologies that align with customers needs Provide regular feedback to Xilinx management and factory experts on the needs of the customer base Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Technical Support VHDL Verilog design ASIC FPGA EDA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electrical PG:M.Tech - Computers, Electrical Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Bachelors or Masters in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent5+ years of industry experience with FPGA-based architecture definition, design, and support (High Speed Serial IO, Embedded Processor, or DSP knowledge a plus)Fundamental experience with EDA tools for FPGA and ASIC designs. Experience with Vivado, ISE or Quartus required (ModelSim is a plus)Knowledge of Embedded Processor design tools such as Xilinxs IP Integrator, SDK and EDK tools, or Eclipse based software development environment is a plusIn-depth knowledge of VHDL or Verilog design for ASIC and FPGAExcellent written and verbal communication skills, strong presentations skills, and the ability to work with multiple groups Company Profile: Xilinx India Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Xilinx the programmable imperative...... Since our founding more than 25 years ago, Xilinx has been a semiconductor industry leader at the forefront of technology, market and business achievement. Today, Xilinx is the world's leading provider of programmable platforms, with $2.4B in revenues in fiscal year 2011 and nearly 50 percent market share. The programmable logic device (PLD) market - one of the fastest growing segments of the semiconductor industry - grew by 48 percent in 2010 to $4.9B USD and is projected to double from 2009 levels to $6.6B USD by 2013 (Source: IC Insights). Xilinx programmable chips are the innovation platform of choice for today's leading companies for the design of tens of thousands of products that improve the quality of our everyday lives. Due to their inherent flexibility, Xilinx award-winning programmable solutions - silicon, software, IP, evaluation kits and reference designs - are used by more than 20,000 customers to: When you work on technology used everywhere from Mars to your local shopping mall, by organizations from NASA to CERN, there's no room for ordinary. Xilinx India...in Hyderabad http:// www.xilinx.com/ company /india/ But we do have plenty of room for smart people with smart ideas. Although we've been involved in the Indian market for over a decade, our R&D centre is relatively new-we opened our Hyderabad facility in 2006, to collaborate with some of the industry's best engineers. We've grown fast, doubling our initial head count and expanding to accommodate even more world-class thinkers. Our engineers are working on IC design, IP development, software development and systems and applications development. We've been a member of the India Semiconductor Association (ISA), the premier trade body representing our industry, since its founding in 2005. ISA is committed to building global awareness of our industry and supporting growth through initiatives like networking, events and alliances. We're also proud that our Worldwide Technical Support group has established its presence and continues to grow as part of the India team. All that hard work is paying off-we've delivered leading-edge products at the 40 and 28 nanometer nodes and our next-gen products will feature even smaller specifications. There's a reason our engineers are so passionately devoted to what they do. At Xilinx India, we operate differently than most companies. We develop technologies from end-to-end, so you'll actually be designing the breakthroughs that the world depends on. It's a pretty amazing feeling to have real impact doing real design. Join us, and experience it for yourself. - Founded 1984 - ~3,000 employees worldwide - 20,000 customers worldwide - 2,500+ patents - Inventor of the field programmable gate array (FPGA) - Pioneer of fabless manufacturing model - Headquarters in San Jose, Dublin and Singapore - Publicly traded company since 1990 (NASDAQ: XLNX) - $2.4B in revenues in fiscal year 2011 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details