TITLE: Digital Producer

SKILLS: Marketing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities Develop the digital space and capability within GPJ, complementing the face-to-face engagement process. Drive in-depth understanding of digital capabilities as the point person within the company to provide solutions and innovative ideas as part of a client experience concept.Â Develop a fusion of online and physical customer journeys, social media communications, and integration of communications techniques to enhance the face-to-face experience.Â Act as strategic consultant to GPJ Client Services, Strategist & Planners, Creative/Experience designers and clients on digital experience solutions. Maintain a currency on all digital technologies and possibilities on the market looking to extend GPJs portfolio where required, working within the company network to identify optimised needs. Ensure flawless delivery of digital projects aligned to client needs/objectives, within budgets and time frames.Â Work collaboratively within a wider GPJ team & manage related suppliers to implement digital offerings, as needed. Digital Producer who is passionate about technology and enhancing client experiences to join our GPJ India Team You will be joining an agency that appreciates new thinking and striving for better ways to deliver measurable results. Responsible for managing digital expertise, capabilities and linkage of all digital functions from an events perspective across the company network to enable and enhance contemporary experiential marketing engagements for our client across the African continent and Turkey markets. The Digital Producer is a core management position responsible for defining and enabling the digital capabilities within the company and group, reporting directly to the Country Account Lead. The successful candidate will be the lead innovator ensuring that the optimum tools and technologies (Mobile, AR, VR, Touch scope, etc) are applied for the right projects and client requirements as well as enabling digital content, practical integration and the clients data-driven marketing needs. This role needs to ensure balance across technology and standards, as well as intuitive, on-brand user interfaces and design. It is directly responsible for ensuring application of best practices and best-in-class innovations across the discipline. The role of the Digital Producer is to play a key role moving forward as we continue to position Digital (Mobile and Digital engagement) as tactics to enhance the overall event experience. This is a specialist role that would recommend and implement digital tactics and will work with GPJ teams across and oversee the campaigns and execution and in conjunction with the GPJ Event Strategist during the planning and the GPJ Client Services team at the execution stage. The Digital Producer role will recommend and implement digital tactics to enhance the event experience and work with GPJ WW resources, GPJ production/creative, local vendors and local GPJ resources and oversee mobile websites, mobile apps, social media campaigns and other technologies to increase customer engagement. Also this role would be responsible for ongoing digital innovations to drive client engagement and insight capture at events. With the inclusion of this role, we are looking at elevating GPJs current service offering and building on what we currently have in place which is a list of Specialist resources like AG, Strategy, Design and now a Digital Producer with support from local GPJ resources in country and the generalist resources (client services). Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Marketing , Advertising , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Product Executive Keyskills Digital Communication Social Media Team Management Communication Skills Digital Producer Digital Marketing digital media online marketing digital entertainment digital advertising Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required 3 - 5 years of digital experience with expertise in evaluating tools and platforms, as well as hands-on development in creating user-centric online and mobile experiences.Proficient in ideation and concept work based on strategy.Excellent communication skills in speaking and writing are essential.A team player in physical location and able to work with remote teams.Be able to work under pressure across multiple projects.Work within a diverse global and Indian teams.Degree or equivalent level of education within the digital communication field. Company Profile: George P. Johnson George P. Johnson is the world's leading event and experiential marketing agency creating innovative live and online experiences that motivate audiences and activate brands. GPJ India is a part of Project: WorldWide, an independent, global network of complementary, wholly-owned agencies. In India, GPJ India has worked with over 200 global and local clients and successfully delivered over 8,000 events, exhibits and experience marketing solutions over the last 14 years. Awarded "India /South Asia Specialist Agency of The Year", we are a team of 100+ people present in Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai with a reputation for sound strategic thinking, award winning creative and world class execution. To know us better visit www.facebook.com/gpjindia Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details