TITLE: Relationship Manager

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Interaction with Dealers/ manufacturers Tie up with channel partners & associates for sales program Ensure Quality in Disbursement. Adhere to the Banks processes and procedures. Ensure development of direct and indirect team Maintain good relationship with all in the Branch. Plan innovative strategies for the respective products, so as to ensure a edge over others in the Market place Develop contact for direct business Interaction with credit for loan applications. Interaction with operations for smoother process of loan disbursement. Managing productivity of DST channel Will have to conduct marketing activities \ campaigns in transport areas Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Channel Sales Role:Client Relationship Manager Keyskills Sales Marketing Channel Partners Relationship Management Campaigns DST Planning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Minimum experience of 2 yrs in sales function Basic knowledge of financeQualifications Graduate from any discipline Company Profile: Ing Vysya Bank Ltd. Established in 1985, the Kotak Mahindra Group is one of India's leading financial services conglomerates. In February 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd. (KMFL), the Group's flagship company, received a banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With this, KMFL became the first non-banking finance company in India to become a bank - Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. The consolidated balance sheet of Kotak Mahindra Group is over 1 lakh crore and the consolidated net worth of the Group stands at 13,943 crore (approx US$ 2.6 billion) as on September 30, 2012. The Group offers a wide range of financial services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking, to stock broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across India, and international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.kotak.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details