TITLE: Senior Design Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Coordinate and collaborate with test partners/ feature teams and Technology Product Solution group. Design, develop and implement program and process improvements along with the TPS group Design and develop code reviews strategy and release management strategy. Develop design specifications (TDS) in accordance with business requirements and issues. Define Design and Coding standards Design monitoring and performance measurement processes Be a part of Design Board for approvals and discussions on the design of the requirements Lead/ Mentor/ Manage developers aligned to the respective test core function lead by the Design Lead Recommend strategic improvements to optimize performances Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills monitoring web sphere mq design coding knowledge standards core banking working t24 Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Skills 12-15 years experience of T24 core banking experience Should have working knowledge of T24 R13 & above. Candidate should have very good working knowledge on T24 Functions like DELIVERY, ACCOUNTING including HVT processing, FT, GL & REPORTING. Knowledge in Jbase programming, Versions, Enquiry, Routines, COB & OFS Working knowledge in TAFC, TWS JDLS, MQ, TWS, Web sphere will be an added advantage Knowledge in UNIX & Scripting is preferred Ability to gain influence and gain consensus from multiple stakeholders within & across teams Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details