TITLE: Walkin for Freshers -US Recruiter-night Shift-bangalore

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Excellent job opportunity for you as US IT Recruiter. WALKIN FOR FRESHERS US RECRUITER IN BANGALORE Job Description: Need to have excellent communication Skills. 1. Identify and Search IT Professionals in the US Market through different Sources. 2. Shortlist and Interview candidates according to the Job requirement. 3. Take care of Clients Requirements and place Software professionals. 4. Negotiate on Salary aspects and close the position. 5. Assist Account Manager (s)/Team Lead with urgent technical requirements. 6. Update the Resourcing Application System routinely. Desired Profile: 1. Should have excellent communication skills 2. Should have the ability to deliver results and handle pressure 3. Excellent negotiation skills 4. Willingness to work in Night Shifts.Work Shift: Night (6:30 PM- 3:30 AM) Sat, Sun off 5. Should be a graduate Contact:Nadhiya email: nadhiyam@lancesoft.com 9591304045 Salary:INR As per the Industry Industry: Other Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills US IT Recruitment Resourcing Interviewing Night Shift Salary US Market Team Leading Account Management Communication Skills Pressure Handling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LanceSoft India Pvt. Ltd. US Recruiter In business since 2000, LanceSoft is a nationally certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) that has established itself as a pioneer in providing highly scalable, cost-effective workforce solutions to a diverse set of customers across various industries in the United States. Headquartered in Virginia, LanceSoft currently operates out of several locations in the US and Canada. We implement our metric-driven processes to offer a unique mix of cost-effective staffing solutions to our clients that include - temporary, temp to perm and permanent staffing of IT and Non-IT professionals. We distinguish ourselves with our "high-touch" approach and offer lasting relationships by consistently delivering high value to our clients Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details