TITLE: Manager/senior Manager - IT Recruitment

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this - In charge of hiring for Lateral, Campus and supported Onsite hiring. - Interacting with the Hiring Managers to understand the requirement and source best professionals in stipulated SLA for various requirements. - Reviewing strategies with the BU /Technical managers on regular basis in terms of hiring and business projections. - Identify talent pool and market availability and build a strong mechanism to support business requirements - Establish scalable network and strong selection process ensuring the right talent is getting in to the organization - Devise an appropriate channel mix to ensure a market competitive cost per hire - Identify & monitor measures across processes. Develops measures / shapes new processes to improve performance. - Design metrics to measure and improve recruitment efficiency. - Guide the team around key priorities and goals. - Create a clear offer management process, including reference checks, salary recommendations, offer letter generation, and offer acceptance/turn downs. - End to end operations of HR recruitment Candidate requirement: - Should have minimum 10 years of experience in handling IT recruitments (Mass hiring/ lateral hiring/ leadership hiring) - Should have exposure in handling recruitments at all levels. - Should have excellent communication skills. - Should be energetic & out of the box thinker. - Should be a post graduate from a reputed university Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Manager Keyskills IT Recruitment HR Leadership Hiring Selection Process Senior Management Senior Manager Recruitment Manager Talent Acquisition Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Saaki, Argus & Averil Consulting Client of Saaki, Argus & Averil Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details