TITLE: Cards P&A

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The candidate will be member of the Cards Planning & Analysis group within Consumer and Community Banking (CCB) . The Cards group serves the Cards business in preparing monthly business review reports, HC summaries, P&L and reporting, income and expenses dashboards and other relevant senior management reports which are used by the business heads and CFOs. The candidate's responsibilities include managing these reports and provide insight and decision support to the CCB leadership team and JPMC finance leadership. Ideal candidate will help support the Cards P&A group in all aspects of Management Reporting. The team member will use Excel and PowerPoint in conjunction with JPMorgan's financial tools to create meaningful reports and analysis. Excellent ability to understand business financials, juggle shifting priorities and connect the dots and superb communication skills are the key to success in this role. This is an individual contributor role and the candidate will be expected to leverage his experience and expertise to work closely with the wider team to add value to the team and business. Role and Responsibilities Receive, prepare, produce quality reports such as EMRs, MBRs, dashboards, trackers, P&L etc Assist in preparation of insightful, high quality Senior Management presentations Support ad hoc requests from the Business and Senior Management. Partner with business teams (onshore/ local) to understand and deliver on various requests Maintain calendar of deliverables Experience in banking industry preferred Strong team/ people management skills Excellent communication and partnering skills Strong analytical skills and attention to detail Demonstrate leadership and organizational capabilities Ability to multi-task and work autonomously within team environment Ability to research issues/ problems and provide a 'solution-based' approach Adaptable to change and ambiguity in the work environment Strong knowledge of Excel and PowerPoint (i. e. use of pivot tables, macros, arrays, etc) Knowledge of Essbase would be an added advantage Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Operations Role:Business/EDP Analyst Keyskills tools macros onshore excel and powerpoint senior management business reports team knowledge of excel people management skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details