TITLE: Sr. Video Editor/ TL

SKILLS: TV

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Introduction We specialize in producing high quality business profile videos, promotional videos, and internal instructional videos, real estate videos for small and mid-sized businesses. We also create artistic wedding videos, family legacy videos, mitzvah videos, Quinceaera videos and wild life videos. Profile & Requirements Able to work independently but also in a team context. Combine a creative eye with respect for deadlines, content requirements and understanding client requirement. Should be responsible for assembling various audio-visual materials into a finished product with a production quality and duration fit viewing on computer or home theatre system. Create a finished video that is highly professional and to the point, starting from graphics, photography, dialogue, raw camera footage, sound effects and other special effects. As a video editor, responsibilities will also include (amongst others) cutting shot sequences to various angles; studying scripts; editing films and footages to include sound effects, dialogue, music and other elements; correcting errors; selecting shots for scenes suitable for the story line; verifying time codes and key numbers; choosing specific visual effects, music and special audio elements; organizing raw footage into a continuous film; reviewing edited videos and assembled films; programming graphic effects; setting up and operating computer editing systems; communicating with team leader/manager to understand clients requirement. Candidate Profile: 5-7 years of production experience with very good verbal and written communication. Must Know FCP and After Effects Knowledge on Wedding video editing and Multi-cam sync with multi cam editing is must. Knowledge on Adobe Audition, Soundtrack pro Good Knowledge on various video codecs and encoding Should be good with MS office Diploma/Graduation related to Multimedia course or Mass communication preferred. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: TV , Films , Production , Broadcasting Role Category:Production/Technical Role:AV Editor Keyskills Audio Special Effects FCP Visual Effects Adobe Audition Adobe Premiere Video Codecs Video Editing broking firms Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Flatworld Solutions Flatworld Solutions (FWS) is a global corporation offering solutions in IT, Business Consulting and Outsourcing Services. Founded in 2002 and incorporated in 2006 with the single-minded purpose of using technology to equip and enable businesses build efficiency, negate global distances, save time and increase bottom lines worldwide, Flatworld has earned it stripes with a decade of satisfying experiences. Flatworld operates across geographies, with sales and delivery centers in India, Philippines, US, and UK. These offices provide strategic support and placement of personnel for customer enhancing solutions. Flatworld India is an ISO 9001-2008 accredited delivery provider that meets stringent global quality standards in all its service offerings. Please logon to www.flatworldsolutions.com for more details. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details