TITLE: Software Development Manager - Java - Ecommerce

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this This individual manages project requests, prioritizes team activities, and assigns tasks across the team of application developers while adhering to full Software Development Life Cycle principles. They will also hire, coach, and mentor application developers, and ensure their career development aligns with their skills and personal goals, and matches the needs of the company. The Applications Development Manager will work with IT and business leaders to define and implement the application platform strategy as it fits into IT and business strategies. This role ensures that development projects meet business requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify and resolve system issues. This individual will apply proven communication skills, problem-solving skills, and knowledge of best practices to guide his/her development team on issues related to the design, development, and deployment. Key Responsibilities/ Accountabilities: Allocate software development resources appropriately to ensure projects are completed in the most efficient and timely manner to the highest quality. Experience diverse teams of developers across more than one development platform with a large portfolio of applications. Lead a team of software developers, reviewing current work to maintain and improve upon quality standards and implementing KPI (key performance indicators) measures to provide a more structured and organized approach to the Software Development team. Represent the organization in customer and partner meetings. Attending meetings to discuss and develop understanding of software requirements with both new and existing clients. Deliver error-free, efficient services/components/applications that have passed rigorous testing procedures and which are complemented with automated tests Meet/exceed product development quality, timeline, and budget goals, coordinating with interdependent functional areas as needed Ensure sound product development discipline and execution including code management and disciplined standardized development process adoption Establish, adopt, and enhance (as needed) effective processes, practices, tools and standards for development, delivery, and communication Take forward looking approach to existing and future work to enable effective planning and distribution of resources across the Software Development team. Take ultimate accountability for the timeliness and quality of delivered solutions by the Software Development team Lead recruitment activities within the Software Development team when required. Coordinate the development efforts of offshore development teams. Managing large-scale, complex application environments. Software development project estimation and planning. Keep abreast of latest technological developments/strategies and implement where appropriate. Required Qualifications /Experience. Expert level software (Java) development competency. Demonstrable experience as a manager of a multi-disciplined development team. Experience in the entire SDLC utilizing a formal development process such as Agile/Waterfall. Desktop and web development experience. Knowledge of source control platforms and methods. Development resource Management. Issue Bug/Tracking. Formal Software Defect Testing Methods. Database modeling and design. Ability to deal with rapid change in a positive manner and to lead staff through changing priorities. Ability to collaborate cross-functionally in order to achieve shared goals and objectives. Ability to build successful work teams and manage and retain high potential employees. 13+ years of experience in Software Development Area. Bachelor's degree in the field of computer science or information systems and/or equivalent experience. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Hiring Attendance Career Development Web Technologies Web Development Resource Management Software Development Life Cycle Development Management Team Leading Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Superior Talent India Leading client of Superior Talent India Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details