TITLE: Sales Manager - Hotel / Hospitality Software Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Meets assigned targets for profitable sales volume in the designated geography / market which could comprise of one or more states in a zone. 2. Establishes productive, professional relationships with hotels of assigned geography or market 3. Coordinates with OPS & Tech in order to meet partner performance objectives and expectations. 4. Proactively assesses, clarifies, and validates partner needs on an ongoing basis. 5. Resolves potential conflict amicably and reasonably vide strict adherence to channel rules of engagement. 6. Ensures partner compliance with partner agreements. 7. Drives adoption of company programs among assigned partners. 8. Ensure that all Sales Report / Daily Action Report / Special project report etc are accurate and consistent 9. Attend periodic Sales Meeting to maintain communication of strategies and need periods. 10. Adopt to given new projects and need based assignments 11. Duly complying with the necessary backend data entries when and where required. Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Software Sales Sales Executive Activities New Projects hotel sales Hotel Contracting sales marketing business development travel sales hospitality sales bde hospitality marketing channel manager sales Hotel Booking sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required EXPERIENCE : Candidate should have a Bachelor's degree in Business or other related field. Experience of 0 to Â 4 years in sales is important to the success of this role. Candidate must have excellent analytical skills and must fully comprehend the hotel / travel industry distribution landscape. Candidate must be able to effectively communicate ideas in verbal and written presentations. The right person for this position will have a demonstrated ability to lead initiatives and show skills in follow up, multi-tasking, leadership and accountability for team actions. Company Profile: GI Hospitalities GI Hospitalities is focused on providing comprehensive and customized accommodation to customers cutting across large and SME companies, individuals, groups and incentives tours. GI Hospitalities is fast creating a vast inventory of hotels, service apartments and unique ground travel products and services for our partners and customers. We dream of creating an accommodation hyper mart which will involve creating a state of the art platform that can be used by our distribution channels to book hotels online. Beside our own software products GI Hospitalities will also provide custom solutions using our enormous experience in software development and industry experience to our Hotel partners. In the dynamic and highly competitive travel environment, our solutions and services will help hotel / service apartment partners, travel partners, distribution partners, corporate customers to optimize the use of IT for accessing information in real time, reduce communication costs, become more competitive improve resource efficiency and productivity to service their end customers Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details