TITLE: CIB Equities - E Trading Core - Operate Tools (trex) - KDB Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Business Area Description The Global Equities Technology stack at J P Morgan is going through a strategic transformation (front to back) . This is a multi-year program where the India Tech teams are involved heavily. The technology stack used is predominantly Core Java, C# . NET, C and Sybase. We are hiring in the areas of Front Office, Middle Office, Risk Management and Client Intelligence Technologies. The India Equities Technology organization is 350 within JPMorgans Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) organization and covers the following functions - Execution Services Technology comprising of: o Electronic Trading (Execution core components, Exchange Connectivity, Client on-boarding, DMA, Smart Order Routing - SoR, Algorithmic Trading, Data Analytics etc ) o Flow Sales and Trading (Front Office Sales and Trading Order Management systems and Reporting) - Risk Management and Structured products - Middle office Trade Booking and Regulatory - Shared Services (Architecture group, Shared components and QA) - Client Intelligence ROLE: KDB Developer The position is for an experienced software developer that exhibits strong technical skills and experience in Q/ Kdb on the Linux platform. This is a critical role that will have a significant impact on various lines of business within the investment bank. The successful candidate will be responsible for design, development and enhancement of products built using kdb ; will ensure consistent functional and technical design; will deliver clear, concise technical design documentation and code; will be involved in the full project life cycle including requirements analysis, design, development, testing and production rollout. Our products are built in Java and Kdb and use a variety of 3rd party products and technologies. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills service hiring front office analytics linux derivatives order management documentation java risk management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required About You You possess at least 2 years hands-on experience with Kdb within a financial institution in any business line (fixed income, equities or any type of derivatives) and have developed areas of significant technical and business expertise. You have proficiency in Q language, ticker plant architecture, tuning the queries on both historical and real time databases. You have been exposed to some of the following: real-time market data, pre-trade analytics, post-trade analytics, order management, algorithmic trading, enterprise data warehouse, FIX protocol, web services. You are an efficient programmer who provides an excellent level of service for your production environments and can debug and troubleshoot ambiguous issues. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details