TITLE: Project Manager/senior Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this POSITION SUMMARY: A. Manages assigned projects and project resources and ensures customer satisfaction through successful implementation of CMI products. Consults with clients, product development, business development and sales to identify solutions for product implementation issues. B. Capable of leading customer through functional analysis of Customers requirements with CMI solution ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Gather specifications from customers, evaluate their needs and create implementation solutions. Analyze data to determine the range of solutions, such as installation of alternate methods and procedures, modification of machines or equipment, or redesign of products or services. Determine the scope of the implementation solution and the resources required to successfully complete. Collaborate with product development regarding customer requirements and product and system modifications. Prepare and present, with sales staff, estimates, proposals for implementation. Oversee initial client service during product installation and implementation stages. Directs and coordinates work within the implementation team. Develop implementation plan and other deliverables as required in the client agreement. Develop quality reviews that ensure commitments are delivered correctly and in a timely manner. Active participation in relevant publications, collateral and conferences in presenting ERP solutions and best practices in the Financial Services domain Provide feedback to appropriate departments for improvement in product design and service quality. Accountable for customer satisfaction, remarkable service, project profitability and employee satisfaction in his/her projects. Ensure implementation projects are delivered on schedule and on budget per the negotiated contracts with client. Efficiently manages communications with client, local and offshore project teams Ensure tracking costs, expenses, resource utilization, issues and risk on assigned projects. Own timely escalation to management. Essential Competencies/Skills: Working directly with customers to resolve complex software implementation issues. Demonstrated detailed knowledge of software design theory and current practices. Demonstrated detailed knowledge of data methodologies Skill and experience in project management methodologies Demonstrated ability to manage multiple small client engagements simultaneously Developing and implementing quality control reviews that ensure content are accurate and error free. Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage workflow to meet deadlines. Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain an effective follow up system to ensure timely and accurate handling of information requests. Leading and motivating product team members without direct reporting authority. Demonstrated ability to read, analyze, and interpret the most complex documents. Compiling and presenting information to a diverse audience. Demonstrated ability to negotiate both business and technical requirements. Demonstrated ability to compose persuasive documents, speeches and presentations on complex topics to top management, product teams, and customers. Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Work situations are often unprecedented, and unique in character. Challenges may be complex, abstract, conceptual, and long-term in nature. There is a continual requirement for innovative thought and synthesis of information as it pertains to work systems. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Business Development Sales Client Servicing SCOPE Proposals Product Implementation Profitability Solutions Top Management Negotiation Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Campus Management Corporation Campus Management is a leading provider of software, strategies and services which enable institutions of higher education to offer dynamic models of engagement & delivery. Over the past 27 years, Campus Management has supported higher education, both proprietary and traditional institutions, as well as foundations and other organizations through its cutting-edge student information system; constituent relationship management (CRM) software; and finance, human resources and payroll solutions. Campus Management's solutions are specifically designed to provide institutions the flexibility they need to compete in the ever-changing higher education landscape by offering products that support changes in education delivery, recruitment, financial aid, finance, human resources, payroll, and regulatory compliance. Today, nearly 2,000 campuses in 18 countries utilize Campus Management to unite campuses and workflows, improve student outcomes and achieve goals Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details