TITLE: Business Development Manager with an Established Start up

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Candidates with UG: Engineering from IIT/ NIT, PG: MBA from Premium or Tier 1 Universities(IIM, BITS, NM, SPJ, Bajaj, FMS, IMT etc) should apply. Looking at people with 1-5 years experience post Full time MBA, currently in Sales / Business Development role specifically in following industry. 1. Metal / Metallurgy 2. Chemicals / Paints * Responsible to lead the business development efforts for a particular industry segment / Region / Accounts * Build business development strategy for the industry segment - Sizing, Segmentation, Roadmap * Actively Manage the entire sales engagement from lead generation to transactions initiation * Engage with the client base on a continuous basis to generate more sales * Responsible for achieving profitability of accounts as per the targets *Achieve the set targets for the industry sector handled Drive the requirements definition for the IT Products to be build for the customers * Work with Account Management / Operations to ensure service delivery to customers * Actively engaged in defining the business strategy for the organization road map for quick and easy technology adoption by the stakeholders Eligibility Criteria * Candidates should have experience in Institutional / Corporate Sales * Exceptional Sales Skills with strong communication and interpersonal skills * Good negotiation skills * Good commercial acumen and flair for business * Go getter attitude * Open to extensive travelling * Prefer candidates who can join immediately. Salary:INR 15,00,000 - 20,00,000 P.A Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Corporate Sales Business Development Management Lead Generation IIM Business Strategy Negotiation Skills Go Getter Institutional Sales B2B Selling b2b sale corporate sales selling institutional sales selling Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Chemical, Automobile, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Mineral, Mining PG:MBA/PGDM - International Business, Marketing Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: HIREATEASE CONSULTING PRIVATE LTD Client is an online marketplace for logistics transactions Client is an online marketplace for logistics transactions, helping customers move anything, from anywhere to everywhere. Our customers range across 'individuals' - 'small business establishments' - 'corporates', who need to move goods. They use technology to bring customers and truckers on the same platform and make quality transportation available readily in a simple and easy way. Client is a team of passionate people who have come together to disrupt the largest unorganized market - 'Transportation'. Using technology they are making freight execution efficient and easy. Team was founded in 2014 by a team possessing 25 Years of logistics experience, strong consulting background and alumni of IIT, based out of Bangalore. The company is Series-A funded by Tier One Investors. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details