TITLE: US IT Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Fourth Technologies, Inc. (www.fortek.com) a leading provider of IT solutions and services in the US is looking for aggressive result oriented and proven Technical Recruiters to join our team in HSR Layout, Bangalore, India. Recruiters will uncover IT job openings, source, screen and close candidates to fill those positions. The individual needs to be a team player who can understand clients IT requirements; build relationships with clients, partners and candidates to match expectations. The individual needs to generate new leads to find qualified candidates. This position requires a +ve attitude, strong organization, negotiation and closing skills with excellent oral and written communication skills. This position requires the individuals to work in the NIGHT SHIFT based on time zones in the USA. Job Requirements: Complete IT staffing/recruiting life cycle experience of 2-4+ years. Excellent oral (phone) and written communication skills (MUST). Internet recruiting and lead generation through Dice, Monster, Career Builder, Indeed etc Ability to source candidates via cold calling, social media recruiting and channel partnerships.Â Generate leads, qualify and convert those leads from a warm call to a prospective candidate. Adept at tactical decision making, negotiating, coordinating, closing requirements etc. Knowledge of the various technologies and IT staffing industry practices.Â Knowledge of US Tax terms (W2/1099/C2C etc.) and Visas (H1B/GC/EAD/L1/OPT). Experience working with large clients with high volumes. Executive recruiting experience is desired. Go getter who can think out of the box with motivation and drive to succeed. Quick thinker with excellent inter-personal and team co-ordination skills. Ability to work independently or in a team environment.Â Team building and mentoring, process oriented approach. Bachelors degree. Working hours are based on the US time zones, only candidates comfortable working in the night shift need apply. Candidates with good experience, exposure and attitude will be considered for Lead roles. Remote options would be considered for deserving candidates in other cities. Compensation will be competitive with base salary plus commission. Growth opportunities exist for those successful candidates who have a desire to advance. Interested candidates please send a word copy of your resume with cover letter to Attn: HR Manager. Salary:INR Best in the Industry Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills US Recruiting us staffing us consulting usa recruiting Recruitment and Staffing W2 1099 C2C IT Staffing it talent acquisition Technical Recruitment dice monster indeed linkedin technical staffing it recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Knowledge of the various technologies and IT staffing industry practices.Â Java, .Net, BI/DW, CRM, ERP etcAbility to generate leads and recruit technical and executive talent.Excellent oral (phone) and written communication skills (MUST).Bachelors degree. Company Profile: Fourth Technologies, Inc Fourth Technologies, Inc. (http://www.fortek.com) (4tek) is a privately held US Corporation with over 20 years in business. 4tek is a leading provider of IT solutions and services to commercial and government clients primarily in areas of application management, business intelligence, ERP, testing and QA. 4tek is very successful with its staffing solutions model providing the right resource matrix for various client projects nationally in the US. 4tek has a great work environment with the right mix of innovation, creativity and excellence while Ensuring customer success as our highest priority. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details