TITLE: Senior Program Manager / Lead Programmer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job description Experience: 5-12years Work Location: Bangalore Preferred immediate joiners or 15days notice period.Â Â Description: 5+ years of experience with Javascript, ASP, ASP.net via VB and/or C#, SQL/PL-SQL, HTML, CSS technologies Strong hands-on experience in MVC(Mandatory) Demonstrate ability to effectively program and implement customer-facing web applications Work hands-on and provide the technical knowledge in development and support of Enterprise Systems Provide solutions by adhering to prescribed life-cycle tools and methodologies Strong desire to understand the business problems Must be detail orientated, organized, and self-sufficient Excellent communication skills, takes initiative, and self-learner with a positive attitude Brief about Project & Opportunities: Opportunity to join an Application Development team responsible for the coding, design, testing and support of next-generation application. We need a creative and process-oriented individual who can use the latest .NET, MVC and Microsoft SQL Server technologies to build cloud based applications that address the business needs The project is being developed as onsite offshore model using Agile methodology Good opportunities to perform and grow along with the organization. Key Responsibilities of candidate Expected to perform: As an Application Developer you will be responsible for the overall coding and design of technology solutions that address the business needs. Create complex, enterprise-transforming business applications Write high quality code Test software during development Prepare software for deployment to production environments Be part of diverse, high energy teams focused on full life-cycle development Continually learn, mentor and grow Articulate and communicate well with customer and team. Current roles the person should have performed: Should have performed Sr Development role. Should have done code reviews and provide suggestion/improvement in the code. Should have experience in customer interaction Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills MVC ASP.Net C# ASP .Net Web Technologies ASP.Net MVC C#.Net Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: APOORVATEK SOLUTIONS LLP About Apoorva (www.apoorva.com) Apoorva, since its inception in 2001, has been on a mission to provide unprecedented services to each of our unique clients. Apoorva augments client companies' value by helping them to implement individualized solutions to their specific, IT-related business challenges through new or improved IT service management systems. At Apoorva, we recognize that our IT solutions must fit within the context of larger, measurable business objectives. Thus, we take pride in balancing the technological aspects of the job with a comprehensive understanding of each company's business processes. This enables us to engineer solutions that are tailored around the unique needs of our different clients. With headquarters in both Colorado, USA and Bangalore, India, we serve a wide-range of industries and clientele. From startups to multinational companies, we focus on assisting businesses with significant IT needs. Our team, consisting of experienced business analysts, data strategists, and project managers, as well as highly-qualified software and database engineers, is here to ensure we provide our clients with quantifiable added business value, all while maintaining unprecedented customer satisfaction. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details