TITLE: Senior Java Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES To work within the SAP Installed Base Maintenance and Support (IMS) organization which is a global unit within the P&I Board area supporting SAP's customers for all products immediately after Ramp-up phase. The objective is to safeguard SAP Maintenance revenues and deliver on the value proposition of SAPs premium support offerings like SAP Enterprise Support and SAP MaxAttention in addition to SAP Standard Support and Customer Specific maintenance, by taking full ownership of the assigned SAP Business Objects product topics and to deliver high quality of support to SAP customers, who rely on SAP as trusted advisor for their business. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Provide a high quality of support to SAP Customers by gaining deep product expertise on SAP business Objects products Resolve customer messages and internal messages at the Development Support level for the releases owned by IMS. Ensure high quality of corrections and of Support Packages. Continuous improvement and optimization of support activities Providing feedback to development teams to be incorporated in higher releases Develop features for the customer within IMS or contribute to development for critical enhancement requests EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES BE/ B. Tech/ ME/ M. Tech/ MCA with a minimum of 65%. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Developer Java ERP SAP Cloud Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Hands-on working experience in Java and related technologies (Core Java, J2EE, JSF, MVC architecture Apache Struts framework, JavaScript, HTML/ HTML5, XML, Java J2EE design patterns, web/ application servers)Working knowledge on both windows and non-windows would be preferredPrior knowledge on SAP Business Objects products would be added advantageSun certified Java professional would be desirableHands on development with Flash would be an added advantageInclination to work in a support and maintenance role, Excellent analytical and Problem solving skills, excellent communication skills, team playerHigh performance and Learning orientationStrong inclination of producing quality software with minimum regressionsGood understanding of security features of web applications (eg. XSS vulnerability, browser encoding techniques, SQL injection etc)Experience 4 to 6 yearsSAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/ or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: careers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.Additional Locations:No Selectio Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details