TITLE: KYC Specialist- Business Banking and CIP Document Review

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Working at Chase means making a real difference every day for your customers, your community and yourself. How By putting others first, doing whats right and creating solutions that make lives better. Build your career on our strong foundation and help shape whats next for you and for us. Chase, a leading provider of diverse financial services worldwide, is actively seeking team members to create lifelong engaged relationships with our customers by delivering superior service and quality with every customer interaction. Successful candidates in this vital position are flexible and problem-solvers who enjoy helping customers resolve their questions and concerns. Business deliverables include: - Documentation & Verification of Consumer and Business Banking account Information to validate customers in compliant with KYC requirements - Validation of various regulatory documents submitted by the Customers - Ensure that all Customer requests are completed timely by adhering to procedures and guidelines - Ensure in performing due diligence of all required processing steps and check parameters defined in the process. - Ensure all exceptions or deviations are escalated to management on timely basis. - Meet all the Productivity and Accuracy targets defined for the process - Follow all the Audit/ Compliance policies applicable to process Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Retail/Personal Banking Role:Customer Service Executive Keyskills service english soft skills process improvement financial services documentation verification kyc customer interaction co Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/ Competency- Graduates in B. Com/ B. A - Preferably having first class pass percentage- Fresher / work experience of 0-24 months, preferably in back office/ financial service industry- Good working knowledge of all MS Office applications particularly Excel Soft Skills- Good verbal and written English communication skills- Effective time management skills- Customer Focus and Service Oriented mindset- Ability to collaborate, partner and work in a team environment- Aptitude for identifying Process improvement opportunities- Willingness to learn on additional sub processes- Multi-tasking ability and effective prioritization of work- Flexibility towards business requirement and assisting co workers are essential. Chase provides a professional and fun environment for employees so they can focus on providing great service to ourcustomers. As part of a diverse and dynamic team, Specialists receive ongoing training and development to enrich theirskills and build a career at Chase. Training Schedule: Formal paid training will take place dependent on the training requirements for the position and days and times of thetraining may vary. Specific information will be provided by the Recruiter. Work Schedule: Work schedules will vary. Candidates must be willing to work schedules during our operating hours, which includeevenings and weekends. Specific information will be provided by the Recruiter. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer M/ F/ D/ V Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details