TITLE: Senior Android Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this At least 2-4 years experience in writing & debugging Android applications. Exposure in UI layout designing, using common themes and styles, eg: HOLO themes. Using ActionBarSherlock for effective top level navigation across android platforms. Handling Push Notifications, Animations, Location Based Services. Development and configuring custom android widgets. Json based API integration. Comprehensive understanding of Android application architecture, Activities, Services, Intents. Content Providers and Notifications, Web Apps and Web View. Expertise in working on multi-threaded apps, XML & JSON, and web services. Proficient in Views, Layouts, Menus. Strong grasp of algorithms and data structures. Knowledge of interactive application development paradigms, memory management, network & socket programming, concurrency and multi-threading. Java, Android Studio, OOP Design, JSON, REST Architecture. Exposure to Location-Based Services, supporting multiple screens, security and permissions. Widgets and Social APIs integration will be an added advantage. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java XML Android Data Structures Multithreading Algorithms Socket Programming JSON Oo Programming User Interface Design Rest Android Developer Android Engineer Mobile Developer Software Developer Java Developer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Jobspire Jobspire is one of India's biggest job platform for startups. & SME's which is also one of the youngest startups of the country today. Jobspire helps startups and SMEs create an experiential company profile that lets them visually describe their work environment, existing talent and their growth paths and a ton of other things. We're also tearing down and re-inventing the job post. Instead of applying with a CV, candidates will now complete quick challenges. We also offer the visual profile as a careers page replacement, locking in a good portion of the traffic that comes to a startup's website and enterprise solutions for larger companies. We are hiring for the one of the leading web and mobile app development company with expertise in creating Web, Mobile & Cloud solutions with latest technologies and innovative ideas. To know who, click on the apply button. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details