TITLE: Job | Sr.ui Developer @ The Kratos,bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Responsibilities: - Contribute to the technical design of the user-interface, working closely with the architect. - Implement all UI aspects of the portal interface working closely with adserver's back-end team - Work closely with User Experience Group, Operations team on all issues regarding the AdServer portal. - May have to directly work with the Portal users on a case-to-case basis, along with operations Salary:INR 8,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills html5 css3 angularjs angular.js AJAX javascript Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements - Technical:- Experience in solid Web2.0 and AJAX based UI development- Solid JavaScript Programming skills specially Object Oriented JavaScript frameworks- HTML4 and/or HTML5, CSS2 and/or CSS3- Good knowledge about building J2EE container based portals using JSP's, Struts or equivalent MVC frameworks and Java.- Working knowledge of jquery or Dojo - At least one year experience in building UI's using AngularJS, React, Bootstrap, Dojo, ExtJS,YUI or equivalent.- Experience D3JS and exposure to B2C web-applications will an added advantage.- Keen sense and appreciation of user-interface usability will be a definite plus.Soft Skills:- Team player.- Attitude for getting things done.- Strong sense of ownership & commitment.- Good communication skills both written and verbal.- Flexibility and willing ness to learn new technologies fast.- Ability to work in a fast paced, unstructured start-up environment. Company Profile: Sutra Services Pvt Ltd Job | Sr.ui Developer @ The Kratos,bangalore Company: TheKratos Company Profile: Kratos is a leading mobile Ad network focused on maximizing ROI for advertisers through better targeting, analytic's and consumer insights. Our objective is to enable brands to communicate with their target audience on various mobile devices in the most efficient manner and deliver measurable results. We work with various leading brands, app developers and publishers to achieve targets ranging from building brand visibility to increasing app penetration among relevant users. At Kratos we are innovating in ways that empower our customers to reach anyone in today's connected world. Our solutions are built on superior architecture based on the core principles of simplicity and scale. Kratos delivers value to advertisers and publishers through: (1)360 degree in-house solutions for brands and agencies. (2)White labelled relation with all leading telecom operators. (3)Extensive targeting based upon usage, behavior and profile. (4)Dedicated account management team. (5)Great quality of traffic - in app and mobile web. Founded: 2013 Company Size: 11-50 employees Founder's profile: - Upal Pradhan - Co founder and Director Location: Bangalore Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details