TITLE: Urgent Requirement for Business Manager for Barbeque Nation, Pan India

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear candidate, PFB the Job Description Experience: 8 to 10 years Location: Will be for Across PAN India, Barbeque Nation Responsibilities :- Directing day to day operations of all Restaurants with controlled budget Effectively manage all strategic operational processes and resourcing and leading the organization in order to achieve and maintain operational excellence To help finalize the budget, sales targets, their monitoring and achievements. To oversee activities related to sales and store operations. To help the manager to manage staff, prepare work schedules and assigning duties. To help the manager to plan activities for sales promotions. To co-ordinate with other department heads To plan and carryout outlet visits and checks. Meeting high end customer and corporate for sales promotion To help the outlet Manager in preparing monthly MIS, P&L A/c of the store Keeping track of guest feedback& ensuring there is repeated customers in Restaurant To ensure sales & profitability is maintained through regular monitoring Conducting regular meetings with the team to discuss sales strategies &Restaurant issues Desired Profile: a. Incumbent should have handled a Business of min 40 L to 1 Cr Per Month. b. No. of covers min 60 c. No. of reportees direct & indirect min 70 d. Preferably from the restaurant industry e. Should have handled min 3 to 4 restaurants f. Any Graduate / PG Remuneration: 5-6 lakh p.a. inclusive of variable payout (negotiable for only deserving candidates) If interested, Please send your updated resume to the below mentioned email ID career@barbeque-nation.com References are also welcome Thanks&Regards Radha Sharma career@barbeque-nation.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:General Manager Keyskills Directing day to day operations of all Restaurants with controlled budget Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Other Management Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Barbeque Nation Hospitality Ltd. www.barbeque-nation.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details