TITLE: Module Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Location: Bangalore Mode of employment: Full time only Module managerÂ : Resource planning and management:- Â Ensuring availability of right competencies, assigning responsibilities, allocating work and ensuring utilization across projects. Managing and controlling projects within the given time and budget to ensure all internal and external requirements are met. Expected to steer projects and take full responsibility for results and Developing competencies of team Analyze, review and understand software requirement for Manual and Automation testability. Develop, maintain Automation Test Framework and work with the development team to capture Â and reuse automated Unit Test Cases, test stubs and drivers, and other development test objects. Act as a technical representative for all topics across team, coordinate the team's projects Ensure timely communications with all project stakeholders (internal/ external). on status, risks, issues and important information . Support Team Manager for collaboration with (new/ existing) business partners, and ensuring business partner satisfaction. Validate defect fixes; analyze impact of the fixes and the issue to closure. Â Educational Qualification: BE / BTech / MCA or equivalent Experience and SkillsetÂ Overall software test experience ofÂ 6+ years of which at least 4 years should have been on Automation (Developing Programs for Automation) Knowledge / Competencies : Overall software test experience ofÂ 6 + years of which at least 4 years should have been on Â Automation (Developing Programs for Automation) .Â Previous experience of leading a team for least for 2 years Experience in Test automation / test scripting, sound knowledge of test methodologies,Â related to different phases of the software test life cycle(manual,Â Â automation, functional,Â non-functional, performance, load and stress). Sound knowledge of SDLC, STLC and Software Engineering Processes. Good understanding of test and defect tracking tools (defect logging tools, test management Â Tools, versioning systems, statistical tools, test automation tools etc.,Â ) Experience in managing and directing software projects. Experience in expert functions like Software Development / Â Â DesignÂ and Software Testing Working experience of Design principles Strong analytical and conceptual skills, team orientation, communication, motivational/ inspirational skills. Should be able to multi-task, managing multiple project activities and organizational responsibilities effectively. Experience working with Agile / Lean teams is beneficial. Preferred: Exposure to and working experience in the relevant Siemens sector domain (Industry, Energy,Â Healthcare, Infrastructure and Cities) and experience in working with global teams Capabilities : Self Determination, Initiative, Learning, Good communication Skills, Team Player,Â Result orientation, Customer Focus, Professional Ethics. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills software development mca automation btech sdlc agile test cases healthcare module functions Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Overall software test experience ofÂ 6+ years of which at least 4 years should have been on Automation (Developing Programs for Automation) Company Profile: Siemens Limited Working at Siemens is all about curiosity, open-mindedness and inventive talent. About wanting to know more about the world we live in and finding ways to provide the world with a sustainable future. Find out more about what Siemens offers you and how to contribute your ideas and abilities on our global Jobs & Careers website. Please express interested here for national and international job opportunities. To express interest for the vacancy that matches your profile, please create an account and submit the requested information. Please keep yourself up to date about new job challenges by using the job alert in the job management section of your account. We are looking forward to receiving your information and thank you for your interest in joining our team! Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details