TITLE: Immediate Job Openings of Oracle Customer Datahub

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description: Work Experience with Oracle Customer Data Hub product Development &/or SupportÂ Good understanding of master data management conceptsÂ Technical experience around PLSQL, SQL, web services, XML Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Functional Outside Consultant Keyskills XML PLSQL Web Services Oracle SQL Web Technologies Master Data Management Product Development CHD Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: LanceSoft India Pvt. Ltd. In business since 2000, headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, LanceSoft has been providing IT/Non-IT Contingent Workforce Solutions & IT Services to a diverse base of clients across various domains and geographies for over 15 years. LanceSoft has two delivery centers in Bangalore and Indore and an international footprint with a network of branch offices across the US and Canada. We currently serve a large base of over 49 customers across diverse industries - Information Technology, BFSI, Healthcare, Telecom, Energy & Utilities, Retail, and many more. LanceSoft is currently a Vendor-of-Choice for various Fortune 500 companies. LanceSoft has been selected as a "Premier Vendor" for the "Manpower Premier Supplier Program" for our efforts in supporting their MSP program (January 2014). LanceSoft has been a proud recipient of Kelly's "Supplier Innovation Award" for the year 2012 for its state-of-the-art product - CPX. We have also received "Supplier of the Year" award from Kelly Services for the year 2012 and 2011 of 45 suppliers within their large and highly competitive CW program. We have also been acknowledged as a fast-growing global IT services company with an impeccable record of deliveries spanning various verticals. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details