TITLE: Devops Engineer - Start up

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Looking for DevOps engineer, with strong AWS experience. Youll work collaboratively with software engineering to deploy and operate our systems, help automate and streamline our operations and processes, build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations, and troubleshoot and resolve issues in our dev, test and production environments. Requirements Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration. Experience with AWS. Experience with RDS, and Riak or other NoSQL data stores. Experience with Solr and/or Redis. Experience managing JVM environments. A working understanding of code and script (PHP, Java, Perl and/or Ruby). Experience with automation/configuration management using either Docker, Puppet, Chef, etc. Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Java Unix Administration Solr Ruby Linux NoSQL PHP Perl Software Engineering Configuration Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Lookup Lookup is an ecosystem that creates an easy and active communication channel between the customers and local businesses by using the mode of local commerce. * From making appointments at spa's & salon's, booking tables at restaurants, enquiring about product availability & prices to even reaching out to the nearest police stations, it enables the customers to shoot a message directly to the local businesses without sharing their private information like phone numbers. * The local businesses have the app installed on their mobile devices and can respond instantly. * Our app provides them a scope for personal interaction with their clients and customers thereby bridging the gap. * The instantaneousness of the responses is effectuated by our customer support that fields the responses, calls the businesses and responds to the customer queries in real time. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details