TITLE: Clinical Applications Specialist

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose Clinical Application specialist has responsibility of conducting clinical verification & validation of CT Systems, supporting installation & IB. Responsible to interact with marketing & customers to define user needs & is engineering lead for research collaboration projects. Activities include requirements development, traceability and flow down, architecture / system design and analysis, FMEA, developing/executing System Verification and Validation test procedures. Essential Responsibilities Duties include (but are not limited to): 1. Define Clinical Usage of CT system. 2. Establish workflow definition, define clinical User Requirement Specifications, Apps definition & validation. 3. Conduct clinical validation & Image Quality assessment. 4. Provide content for supporting marketing claims. 5. Application support during installation. 6. Defining & verifying learning & reference guide / Operating Manual 7. Working across functions and team boundaries to define, design, and implement the next generation of products 8. Working with customers, Marketing and field personnel to define requirements which can be refined by the engineering teams 9. Needs to be the point contact with regulatory agencies like AERB. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills IB Marketing Design Analysis System Design Application Support Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Sc - Other Specialization, Diploma - Any Specialization, MBBS - Medicine PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements 1. Degree / Diploma in Medical Imaging technology / B.Sc (Radiology) .2. Having 4+ years of hands on experience on CT systems applications, have worked with radiologists3. Strong technical knowledge about CT Imaging protocols and Clinical Image quality definitions4. Good working knowledge on the clinical imaging needs for different diagnosisQuality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position.2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines.3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as requiredDesired Characteristics 1. Masters degree in Medical Imaging or other closely related fields2. Certified RSO (level II) by AERB would be preferred3. Proficient in the use of software tools for analysis and simulation (MATLAB, etc)4. Excellent verbal and written communication skills5. Self-starter, energizing, results oriented, and able to multi-task6. Demonstrated problem solving ability and results orientation Company Profile: GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) GE IIPL - Training Division (GE HEalthcare) Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details