TITLE: Associate Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an exciting opportunity with one of our client which is a top product software company in the world. They are eagerly looking at candidates joining them with below mentioned skills set. Interesting?? Please do apply with your updated CV. Experience -5 7 years of experience Location: Bangalore, Hyderabad Interview mode !st round telephonic Position title Associate recruiter Skills set Non IT, IT, Engineering services Posted Position Title Talent acquisition- Technical Recruiter About Us Product Based CMM level 5 company Essential Responsibilities Manage end to end full recruitment life cycle Vendor management Stake holder management. Strong understanding on the requirements based on engineering services (IT, Electrical, Mechanical, Civil Etc.) Screening, shortlisting, scrutinizing the profiles as per the JD. Initial screening by conducting 1st round of telephonic interviews before processing the profile. Coordination for the interview line up. Taking care for arrangement during walk-ins and drives etc. Play Individual contributor role as well. Qualifications/Requirements : Master's/Bachelor of Engineering or Computer Science or any equivalent with at least 3.5 to 5 years of relevant experience in Engineering and Technical end to end recruitment. Desired Characteristics Should be potential to work on any requirements given by the hiring managers Should have capability of closing the positions within TAT time. Should maintain the proper coordination with the backend team and take their support to close the critical positions within TAT time. Should be able to create a good repo with the hiring panels and front end/Backend team to get the work done on time. With Regards, Chandini Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills We have an exciting offer with one of the best product based CMM level 5 compant As your profile is been shortlisted kindly send me your details and updated profile for the email id shown below. Desired Candidate Profile Â Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Confidential Confidential Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details