TITLE: Engineering Manager/senior Engineering Manager - Startup - Iit/iiit/ni

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Engineering Manager/Senior Engineering Manager - Startup - IIT/IIIT/NIT/BITS/DCE Responsibilities Deliver on utility projects and engineering roadmap in budget and on time. Plan, track and execute simultaneous projects of varying complexities. Responsible for key technical and product decisions. Provide technical direction and mentorship to the team, as well as hands-on project management. Adopt engineering best practices and champion their adoption in the organization. Ensure high quality engineering processes are followed (agile scrum, continuous integration, code reviews, architectural reviews, solid documentation). Collaborate with product management and business team to elicit & understand their requirements & challenges and develop potential solutions. Attract, recruit and retain top talent. Motivate team members and grow them in the organization. Define career goals and do performance evaluation for the team. Stay current with latest tools, technology ideas and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key decision makers. Be a student of current industry trends, ensuring that the company maintains and expands its technology leadership position. Formulate long-term objectives and standards of performance for engineering. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Engineering Management Project Management Technology Leadership Maintenance Scrum Agile Product Management Quality Engineering Engineering Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Computers PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization, Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements10+ years of strong experience in full-stack software product development, with at least 3+years in engineering leadership position.BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent from premier institutesExperience in developing highly scalable, Analytics and SaaS products.Experience in Java, Web Services, RDBMS, NOSQL and Big Data technologies.Must be hands-on to dive into any level of technical details and write code if required.Strong project management & execution skills across teams located in different geographies.Excellent people manager. Strong in building relationships and collaborate with other.Demonstrated ability of attracting, recruiting and leading high quality technology team.Strong communication and collaboration skills.Excellent problem solving and change management skillsPositive, self-motivated and quick learner.Ability to deliver quickly in fast paced start-up environment.Knowledge of AWS would be plus.Prior Start-up experience would be plus. Company Profile: Mount Talent Consulting Client of Mount Talent Consulting Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details