TITLE: Sr. UI/ Front- End Developer - Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Sr. UI/Front-End Developer - Bangalore The Sr. UI/Front-End Developer, a new and exciting role at Quaero, will be responsible for developing and delivering a rich highly interactive interface for our flagship product; AdVantage. This role will be part of the Product Development team and will work closely with product subject matter experts (SMEs), back-end web developers and product architects. Deliverables are designed and delivered via our product lifecycle roadmap. This leadership role will be instrumental in designing, developing, and evolving reusable UI patterns and rich web user interfaces. This role requires ability to define standards and evangelize best practices as it relates to UI design and front-end coding practices. Because this is a new user interface, a candidate for this role must have an ability and comfortable level designing and developing from scratch. The Sr. UI/Front-End Developer should be well versed with front-end technologies such as HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and related technologies such as JQuery, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, Dojo, LESS. The back-end web technology is enabled by .NET and uses the MVC framework. Requirements: o 5+ years of relevant work experience with a concentration in front end development and demonstrated history of UI/UX sensibilities o 4+ years of client side JavaScript experience o 4+ years of CSS experience o 3+ years of jQuery experience o 2+ years AngularJS experience preferred. o 1+ years of HTML5 experience o Strong understanding of web design best practices, usability patterns, and latest UI/UX trends. o Ability to take a lead role in building and enhancing of Quaeros UI/Front-End best practices o Ability to hand code standards compliant HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript. o Experience with the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and principles of product development such as installation, upgrade and namespace management o Willingness to mentor team members o Solid analytical, technical and problem solving skills. o Ability to communicate efficiently and effectively with internal product development team o Demonstrates an aggressive curiosity o Understanding of relational database concepts and SQL Educational Requirements: Bachelors degree in a relevant field (Computer Science) required, advanced degree or equivalent business experience preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills CSS JQuery Javascript User Interface Designing Ajax JSON Web Designing UX Dojo MVC Framework HTML5 Bootstrap LESS Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Quaero 3 India Ltd About us: Quaero is a Product Development Company operating in the niche segment of Media and Online analytics. We help our clients to Acquire, Engage and Monetize their audience through our AdVantage Platform. Quaero does cutting edge work in the areas of Data Management, BI and Data Analytics. Some of the biggest sports networks and media houses in USA turn to Quaero when they want to understand their customers better and target them with better Ad placement on their websites, which helps them drive up their Ad revenues. A start-up environment, opportunity to work on the latest technologies, flexible work schedules and an open work culture - are some of the benefits of working at Quaero. Quaero has offices in Charlotte, Boston & Bangalore with headquarters being located in Charlotte, NC. www.quaero.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details