TITLE: Looking For A Good Opportunity In Bpo??? Call Mitali

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Duties and Responsibilities: Initiate telephone calls to insurance companies requesting status of claims in queue. Contact insurance companies for further explanation of denials and underpayments Take appropriate action on claims to guarantee resolution. This will be determined by the information received during above steps. Skills and Qualifications:- Good organizational skills demonstrating the ability to execute timely follow-up. Ability to multi-task. SHIFT TIMINGS- Night Shift: 6:00pm- 3:00am Salary CTC 2,14,000/- Take home 14700/- For Further Clarification Please call Mitali @ 8095956781Or Mail Me @ mitali@globalqi.com Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A. Attractive Incentive,medical Insurance,food coupons,cab facility Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills BPO Calling Night Shift Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Saitech Top bpo .Saitech Technosoft Pvt Ltd brand name as GLOBAL QI is the Indian body of the parent company Saitech Solutions which is based at Thailand, where we are one of the top recruitment service provider for major brands. Our services span across industries such as IT, ITES, KPO, BPO, Financial Services, Retail, Logistics, Automobile and many more. We have initiated our operations in Bangalore in India is also one of the pre-eminent executive search organization in India, helping private and public sector organizations and the highest calibre people for permanent and interim management appointments in Thailand and internationally. Our experienced executive search specialists operate with absolute discretion, integrity and care, and are expert in ending exceptional individuals for challenging roles. As one of the premier executive consultants we aspire to handle the most important executive recruitment for leading organizations in every industry sector and to combine our functional specialist expertise with thoroughness and speed to provide exceptionally responsive and executive service. We have the one of the most extensive reach across the India market for executive and non executive roles in both the public and private sector and are experienced in executive recruitment in sectors as diverse as IT, BFSI, Retail, Logistics, Telecom, & Healthcare. We also have extensive international reach. Address:Mitali GLOBAL Qi (A Venture of Saitech Technosoft Pvt Ltd) 1st Floor, Sri Shiv Sai Krupa Building, Amarjyothi Layout, Inner Ring Road, Domlur, Bangalore - 560071 Mobile : + 91 8095956781 Email id: mitali@globalqi.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details