TITLE: Walk in Interview for Sales Associates (On Role - MNC)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We are considering you for the role of Sales Intern/Associate - Bangalore Summary: The position holder is responsible to achieve daily / monthly sales productivity targets by providing solutions to the customers for buying Two wheeler and consumer durable products (mobile phone, AC, TV, Refrigerator, etc) on easy EMIs, checking eligibility for loan, following documentation process and increasing footfall in the Stores by distribution of company's marketing material in the given area. Job Responsibilities: Pitch finance options to the walk-in customers.Collect & submit information / documents as per the loan process. Checking eligibility of the interested customers.Follow-up with the interested customers to complete the process. Distribution of marketing material in the vicinity to increase footfall in the store. Benefits: Incentives+Growth+Hike (Best place to settle your career within short duration of time)** Walk in Details: Date: - 29th March to 2nd April 2016 Timings:- 10:00 A.M. TO 3.00 P.M VENUE:- Home Credit India Finance Pvt Ltd, 1st floor,Brigade Square,Cambridge Road,Near Ulsoor police station,Bangalore - 560008. Contact Person - Sandeep (HR) Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 2,00,000 P.A. Incentives+growth+hike (best place to settle your career within short duration of time) Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills sales showroom sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Fixed Salary Â 9500 CTC /- (PF and Esic included)12th pass with min 6 months work experience or Freshers Graduates.Basic Computer typing skillsEarn High Salary with Incentives monthly !!!!! Company Profile: Home Credit India Finance Private Limited Sales Associate - Bangalore Home Credit India Finance Pvt. Ltd. is a leading consumer finance provider that is committed to drive credit penetration and financial inclusion by offering financial solutions that are simple, transparent and accessible to all. One of India's leading Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs), Home Credit India has its operations in more than 20 cities across 11 states in the country. The company has a strong network of over 2,000 Points-of-Sale (PoS) where it services over 200,000 customers through a driven employee base of over 4,500. More information on Home Credit India is available at www.homecredit.co.in Home Credit India is part of Home Credit B.V. (HCBV), an international consumer finance provider with operations in 10 countries across Europe and Asia. The group employs nearly 60,000 employees who have so far served over 40 million customers through the vast distribution network comprising over 160,000 points of sale, loan offices, branches and post offices. More information on HCBV is available at www.homecredit.net. All figures as of June 2015 Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details