TITLE: Head Process and Quality - IT Infra Managed Services

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this PRINCIPAL PROCESS OWNER Framework: Service Delivery Sub Framework: Permanent / Contract: Permanent Last Updated: August 2015 Part Time / Full Time: Full time Job Family: Process Management Position Summary and Primary Objectives The Principal Process Owner operates in a local, regional or global context within Services Delivery and Operation. The primary responsibility of this position is to take responsibility for the standardisation, optimisation, automation and performance of highly complex processes along with the design and re-design of the processes necessary to achieve the strategic objectives of the business. They are the primary point of contact for all information related to the processes that they are accountable for and will ensure the creation of process capability. Develop and implement methodology The Principal Process Owner ensures the development of best practice methodologies for analysing the effectiveness of key processes. They understand which elements of the output are important to the clients and how it fits into the overall business. They advise relevant stakeholders in the business on improvement options and apply business process redesign methodology to develop effective solution to business problems. This individual will select and identify the owners of sub-processes. Identify and design process improvements The Principal Process Owner uses their analytical skills to assist with the proactive identification of business and/or operational process improvements through data analysis to ensure constructive suggestions for change. This employee will ensure that the process is performing optimally and will ensure the implementation of changes to address any area of concern. These individuals will facilitate the design / re-design of business processes including clarifying, identifying issues and facilitating changes to attain the highest levels of client service, efficiency, control and compliance. The Principal Process Owner will confirm that the process is documented correctly, including the supporting documents and will manage process and related document reviews. He/she is accountable for the design and documentation of business process blueprints that satisfy business requirements. The Principal Process Owner will take theoretical designs and introduce combinations of variables which determine how the process might operate under different circumstances. Standardise the global process The Principal Process Owner will evaluate and map out the process status quo and regional differences in the core business processes. They will determine optimal process models based on trade-off, group strategic direction and tactical negotiation with community of process stakeholders. Process governance and compliance The Principal Process Owner is an active member of the collaboration team for any changes that occur to operations, people or systems. They enable the relevant controls to ensure process adherence and ensures the ownership of regional, country or client specific process variations. He/she will take responsibility for the final authorisation of any changes to the process that he/she owns. This employee will align the process design to overall business process strategy and the governance framework. Facilitate the business forum The Principal Process owner will be the facilitator of the business forum in order to drive ongoing consensus based on approval of changes, decisions on capabilities and alignment across the business. Process performance and optimisation Principal Process Owners liaise with key user communities to establish process performance objectives and ensure process performance and optimisation. They assist in developing and reporting the adequate process key performance indicators (KPI) and will take responsibility for the measurement of process performance and defined KPIs. They will derive short and long term activities collected from KPI data and rely on continuous improvement process to drive process excellence. This includes retrieving process performance information from the modelling or monitoring phase, identifying the potential or actual bottlenecks and the potential opportunities for cost savings or other improvements and then applying those enhancements in the design of the process. The Principal Process Owner incorporates metrics and management into the processes that they develop and own. Project management This employee will engage with a variety of internal stakeholders to facilitate the project management of process implementation. They will contribute to ensuring that all knowledge is transferred and that the required training takes place. The Principal Process Owner will support strategic business project activities and provide innovative advice related to operating models and business process. The Principal Process Owner will consult, align and engage with the business on a regular basis, once a target model has been determined for any domain, to drive through the proposed changes. They will be responsible for creating stakeholder communities, regular communications, facilitation of workshops and general end-user training. Behavioural skills These individuals have an excellent understanding of business and/or operational processes and have the ability to produce a high quality of work. The Principal Process Owner will demonstrate the relevant ability to mentor and coach less experienced process owners. They are pedantic, analytical and process driven individuals who display good attention to detail. They display the required project management and interpersonal skills to ensure the successful implementation of new or renewed processes. They have well developed influencing ability and good written and verbal communication skills coupled with strong collaboration skills. These individuals have a good business foundation and proven root cause analysis and project management capability. Key Roles and Responsibilities In this position you will be required to: 1. Take responsibility for the performance of highly complex processes along with the design of the processes necessary to achieve the objectives of the business. 2. Advise relevant stakeholders in the business on improvement options and apply business process redesign methodology to develop effective solution to business problems. 3. Identify the current state of a process and the improvements that need to be made. 4. Establish and manage process performance objectives and take responsibility for the end-to-end performance. 5. Identify and implement specific future change requirements to processes. 6. Create initiatives that drive process improvement activities. 7. Mentor and coach less experienced process owners. 8. Enable the relevant controls to ensure process adherence and ensures the ownership of regional, country or client specific process variations. Requirements: Education, Training and Experience Tertiary qualification (Business process engineering and mapping or IT or Business) ITIL Expert certification COBIT 5 recommended Experience 5 8 years working experience At least 5-8 years' experience in services within a large scale (preferably multi- national) technology services environment across a range of services managing a process Extensive experience in managed services and service delivery environment including technical and service management exposure Knowledge and understanding of IT industry environment and business needs Track record of effective process management and ownership A broad understanding of the vast range of IT operations and Dimension Data service offerings Personal Attributes and Skills Required Skills and knowledge A strong business and commercial orientation and with a supporting interest in technology. An expert knowledge of ITIL Knowledgeable of the Dimension Data services offering. Interpersonal and collaboration skills with the ability to develop strong client relationships Comfortable with communicating solutions to clients at a business and technical level Professional documentation and writing skills Attributes A strong quality orientation. Ability to engage with technical and management colleagues at all levels. Ability to work in high-pressure situations Ability to establish and manage performance metrics Ability to manage urgent and complex tasks simultaneously A strong client service orientation Next career steps TBA Competency Matrix Principal Process Owner Role 1: Behavioural Competencies and Skills for a Principal Process Owner M 1. Easily establishes good relationships with employees 3 2. Demonstrates effective formal and informal communication skills 3 3. Plans activities and projects well in advance 3 Role 2: Job Specific Functional Competencies and Skills for a Principal Process Owner C 1. Analyses business processes 4 2. Develop and implement best practice methodologies 4 3. Identify and design business or operational process improvements 4 4. Govern the business or operational process and ensure compliance 4 5. Establish process performance objectives and ensure process performance and optimisation 4 6. Facilitate the business forum and drive ongoing consensus 4 7. Contributes to evaluating the factors that must be addressed in the change programme 5 8. Establish requirements for the implementation of changes in the business process 5 Role 3: Specialisation Competencies and Skills for a Principal Process Owner C 1. Qualification in business process engineering and mapping or IT or business 4 2. Certification in ITIL foundations 4 3. Expert knowledge and understanding of IT industry environment and business needs 5 Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM - Analytics & BI Keyskills design process development process process governance compliance Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Dimension Data India Private Limited Dimension Data is simply a great place to work. More than 11 000 employees in 5 continents will testify to this. Dimension Data was founded in 1983 at the inception of networked communications with a simple vision - to do great things. Dimension Data headquartered in Johannesburg, is a specialist IT services and solution provider that helps clients plan, build, support and manage their IT infrastructures. Today we are positioned at the forefront of networking and communications in 49 countries on five continents around the world. We are also a successful company. Business Week agrees - they rated us as number 21 of the 100 strongest growth companies in the IT sector. We have won more global CISCO, Microsoft, Tandberg and Bluecoat awards than any other company in the world. Impressive - don't you agree? Be a part of our dedicated and hardworking strategic business & consultancy team in India who are at the top of their game. Visit our career section on www.dimensiondata.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details