TITLE: Business Proc Specialist MPSD

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this JOIN US AS A SPECIALIST, MPSD About this Opportunity Help bring our guests what they want, when they want it, at whichever Target store they shop. From electronics to apparel to food and toys, you'll develop business strategies, marketing plans and merchandise assortments to drive profitable sales, great value, quality and style. Use your skills, experience and talents to be a part of groundbreaking thinking and visionary goals. As a Specialist, MPSD , you'll take the lead as you Client Support Respond to procedural queries via email and phone from buyers, merchants, vendors, analysts at Target and AMC worldwide Issue research, escalation and resolution via many venues including ASK. GMS, 1 on 1 meetings and partnership with TTS Testing Participates in the development of new applications by providing system/ process expertise, system testing and documentation. Report results to buyers, merchants, vendors, analysts at Target and AMC worldwide Knowledge Sharing Publish and update content on Merchant Zone related to FAQs, step by step procedures for client reference Document results from testing Requirements 1-2 years experience in technology support and/ or customer service role Strong verbal and written communication skills Team player Creative problem solving Analytical with excellent attention to detail Ability to multi-task using multiple applications simultaneously Proficient with MS Office Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills customer service development apparel amc analytical documentation ms office email toys problem solving Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd Target Corporation India Pvt Ltd http://www.target.com/india Target is one of the largest retailers in US with annual revenue of $73 billion. It is an omni-channel retailer with 1800 retail stores, rapidly growing e-commerce and mobile channels. Target India is delivering business critical technology programs and solutions across all the channels. Target is looking to hire the best technical talent to execute the complex business solutions. We provide the right environment to work on challenging problems and executing ideas & innovations into real time business solutions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details