TITLE: Field Executive

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Must be willing to be on the field to meet existing clients, get their business information along with some photos (if possible videos) of their business. Maintaining client database. Salary:INR 1,75,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Field expenses Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Sales Support Role:Sales Coordinator Keyskills field executive field agent field data collection collection executive sales executive sales officer marketing executive Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good communication skillsReady to go on field Experienced in Client handling Company Profile: Sulekha.com New Media Private Limited Sulekha.com , an MNC that runs the world's largest Internet (online) community for Indians worldwide with over 20 million user hits a month from over 100 countries. Sulekha is a dominating global brand for online classifieds, blogs, yellow pages and online ticketing. With Sulekha.com, you will be part of a remarkable online success story that has grown an average of 150% a year for the last 5 years and has now 300 employees in over 6 cities, including Austin, Seattle, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Bombay. Well-financed by a US private equity fund, Sulekha.com is poised to explode and dominate on the Indian front and extend its lead as a dominant global online consumer brand both in and outside India. As a member of the Sulekha.com team, you will be a part of a nurturing and challenging environment that constantly provides exciting opportunities to develop your technical and leadership skills in developing branded services that are used by millions worldwide. You will be given increasing responsibilities and a fast ladder to move up management ladder. As a member of the Sulekha.com corporate family, you will be in great, fun-loving work environment that couples challenges with exciting rewards including handsome pay, health insurance, health club membership, performance based incentives and more. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details