TITLE: Business Management Analyst

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overall Responsibilities: As a Team member in CCB Business Mgmt Office, you will be challenged to develop innovative new solutions to streamline and automate existing processes, effectively deliver on business reporting requirements. You would also be involved in reporting across the CCB IT business. This involves interacting with the application development managers as well as project managers - understanding changes in their business reporting requirements and responding by making improvements to the monthly reporting suite (including a reporting deck consisting of a wide range of financial, headcount, allocations and analysis reports) . You will be working closely with various support teams such as CIO Office, CFO (Finance teams) , GRE (Real Estate) team, Procurement team to achieve the above said goals. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role:Business Analyst Keyskills real estate financial services business analysis procurement project management documentation macros operational publishing business reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Technical Skills- At least 9 years of experience in designing, collecting and publishing reports Good Excel skills (i. e. data manipulation, macros, vlookups, array formulas, pivot tables, statistical, logical and operative functions) Knowledge of Microsoft Access an added advantage. Good PowerPoint and executive-level reporting skills Familiarity with Business Objects a strong plus Professional Skills: High level of personal commitment to each task, a can do attitude and a drive to deliver High level of responsibility and Ownership Proactive approach to problem solving Good analytical skills in order to aid in trouble shooting and problem solving Ability to properly handle sensitive HR-related data and maintain confidentiality Self starter Ability to prioritize key tasks effectively and manage multiple deliverables simultaneously Ability to consistently execute responsibilities independently. Excellent verbal and written communication skills - ability to communicate clearly and effectively to multiple stakeholders in various locations globally Excellent planning and financial control management Excellent knowledge of the Full life cycle of a project Attention to detail Fosters positive working relationships Ability to deliver/ extract/ report/ analyze high quality data in time crunched circumstances Good team player with an ability to take judgmental call at times independently Education & Experience: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Technology Graduates with at least 3 years of working experience, primarily in Management Reporting Experience working in an offshore engagement model Preferred Skills & Experience : Must have experience in large, global multi-tiered organizations, preferably in the financial / financial services industry Excellent Business Management (operational) and good business analysis skills Experience in project management and/ or exposure to software development Excellent interpersonal relationship and communication / presentation skills Strong documentation skills Demonstrates initiative and is a self starter Prepared to challenge when business requirements seem conflicting Drive / Determination and knowledge. Company Profile: JPMorgan Chase J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering solutions to clients in more than 100 countries with one of the most comprehensive global product platforms available. We have been helping our clients to do business and manage their wealth for more than 200 years. Our business has been built upon our core principle of putting our clients' interests first. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details