TITLE: Opening for Senior Director in Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this We have an opening for Senior Director with one of our clients - A leader in payment domainÂ Please find below details regarding same Reporting to Senior Vice President , the Senior Director in India is responsible for developing and executing projects and programs within a shared strategic vision for a mission-critical to the organization. Be at the heart of developing new ideas into demo-able products by working closely with advanced technology and high profile IP Prior experience must include leadership for mission-critical web and mobile payment or related high transaction systems. Work alongside and collaborate with UX, art, engineering, and partner teams to deliver products, features, services, and tools Drive rapid prototyping cycles from technical requirements, software designs, programming, debugging, and optimization Consult on a regular basis with leadership to align expectations and deliverables. Be scrappy and leverage the small team to the fullest to work on multiple parallel solutions and tools. Technical product management functions including functional specs, roadmap, project management, issue/risk management, and cross-division coordination. Extensive cross-organization collaboration playing a crucial role in interfacing with various technology teams and business stakeholders to identify requirements, converting them to functional specs, prioritizing, and driving execution using agile methodologies. Own the roadmap for engineering fundamentals. Evangelize developer productivity solutions and systems across all the development teams to drive adoption. Explore and innovate new technologies, features, and tools Use stubs as needed to simulate capabilities lighting up in the near future. Work collaboratively across team boundaries to share common infrastructure and functional capabilities. Provide feedback into core product teams to influence their roadmap and strategy Strong written and verbal communication skills Have an open-minded approach to development strategy and approaches Team builder and capable of building culture for innovation Technical hands on skills, ideally in multiple technology stacks for web development, APIs and Mobile application development on diverse platforms Qualifications MS or BS in Computer Science or equivalent 15+ years of software engineering experience 8+ years of experience in leadership roles with increasing responsibility Financial services and/or payments processing industry experience is a plus Mandatory * The candidate should have progressed in the Software Development and Software Engineering stream across the career. Focus mainly on Java related technologies. * Should have people management experience mainly leading a team of 40+ for more than 5+ years * Candidates should be from IIT, NIT Educational Background Strong Technical Background is a must for these candidates If you find this role interesting, please contact in email or phone number below for more information. Regards, Nithin C Consultant | CareerNet Technologies Pvt. Ltd. CareerNet Campus, Plot No. 53, Kariyammana Agrahara Road, Devarabisana Halli (Next to Intel Junction Flyover), Outer Ring Road, Bangalore 560 037 Desk: +91-80-6656-0283 Direct: 9980137962 Email: Nithin.cherusola@careernet.co.in URL: www.careernet.co.in Bangalore | Chennai | Delhi | Hyderabad | Mumbai | Pune Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Project Management Mobile Application Development Product Management Director Senior Director Head CTO Coo people management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Careernet Technologies Pvt Ltd MNC in Payment domain Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details