TITLE: Inside Sales - J35944

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Reporting to the General Manger/ Sr. Manager - Business Development, the job purpose of the Inside Sales Executive is toFill the Funnelwith qualified leads. RESPONSBILITIES & DUTIES 1. Cold calling 2. Full cycle consultative selling 3. Build and manage pipelines by quality lead generation and nurturing, scheduling appointments and tele-verification 4. Channel development 5. Conducting Market research - Data research, cleansing and mining, surveys and intelligence gathering 6. Running Email Campaigns 7. Target account profiling 8. Handing over quality leads to Sales/ BD team further evaluation 9. Adhoc support to the Sales/ BD team QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND COMPETENCIES 1. Qualification: Applicants must be Graduates or Post Graduates, from the Engineering background, preferably from Mechanical / Automotive discipline 2. Experience: Minimum 2 years of relevant experience in Lead Generation 3. Skills: 3. 1. Excellent oral and written communication skills 3. 2. Highly tech savvy 3. 3. Management skills - Excellent leadership and influencing/ persuading skills; 3. 4. Interpersonal skills - Team player, self-driven & result-oriented Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Inside sales Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate Experience Should Be : 2 To 6 Candidate Degree Should Be : BE-Comp/ IT, BE-Other, BTech-Comp/ IT, BTech-Other, MBA Company Profile: Client Of Sampoorna Our Client is a leader in Design Services and most trusted partner for most of leading Automotive companies in Europe, working together with them for more than two decades. The group has its headquarters and seven branches in Germany as well as subsidiaries in UK, India & Japan. With a team of about 800+ Engineers worldwide, Our Client also provides services to international clients in the Transport, Energy, Industry & Technology and Health sectors. Our business activities mainly focus on CAE services and product development. Our services include structure simulation, fluid dynamics (CFD), multi-body simulation, process development and special software solutions etc. Our Client started its operations in Bangalore/INDIA in FY 2010-11 to support the continuous growth of the Indian Automotive market, especially for Engineering Services & Consulting. Our Client's Engineering Services today is about 80 engineers and deal in New Product Development and Design Services for the Mechanical Engineering Industries in India and Europe. Our services also include BIW-Design Processing Manufacturing & Simulation, Product design & detailing, Tooling, Jigs & Fixtures, Reverse engineering , 2D-3D Conversion etc. Apart from our Client's traditional client base of Automotive Industry (BMW, VW, Audi, Mercedez, Ford etc), the Indian operation is constructed to target the non automotive Industry segment in Europe and Asia. We have developed from India huge base of new clients across world and are also keen about growing the domestic market. Our Client is targeting employee strength of 150 + by end of FY 2013- Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details