TITLE: Startup - IT Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - System Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this zeotap is a pioneer in unlocking the value of telco data for a smarter mobile world. The first to make telco data safely accessible to the advertising ecosystem, zeotap creates a long-awaited win-win-win situation for mobile carriers, advertisers and consumers alike. Founded in 2014, zeotap has opened offices in Berlin, Bangalore and New York and is backed by a number of renowned investors. In our growing team, we offer outstanding career opportunities to both senior leaders and the best young talent in what is a one-of-a-kind global mission. Responsibilities: You build up the architecture and manage our multi-data center deployment You maintain and manage enterprise applications like email, asana etc. You administrate our application stack comprising of Hadoop, Spark, hive etc. You set up and audit our cyber security policies You manage local infrastructure (laptops, wifi, internet connections) You take care of the license procurement and management for various tools. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:System Administrator Keyskills AWS Softlayer Datapipe Linux Hadoop Hive ELK Spark Python Perl Amazon Web Services Shell Scripting Cloud Based Infrastructure Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Our Requirements:4-6 years of experience in setting up and maintaining cloud infrastructure environments like AWS, Softlayer, Datapipe etc Good understanding of Linux OS Relevant experience in setting up, deploying and maintaining big data technologies like Hadoop, Hive, ELK, Spark etc. Familiarity with scripting languages like perl / python / shell scripting Relevant experience in efining multi DC network architecture Experience with or keen interest in cyber / data securityWhat we offer:You join a team of successful entrepreneurs with a distinguished track record You become part of a friendly international team that values trustworthiness, agility, and the pioneer spirit You fundamentally impact our companys growth by being responsible for IT Management You enjoy competitive remuneration and an attractive benefit package You directly contribute to zeotap success around the world You take over responsibility for your own projects You learn everyday, hands-on, and grow together with zeotapSkills: Python, Hadoop, Perl, Linux, Amazon Web Services, Shell Scripting, Cloud Based Infrastructure . Company Profile: Zeotap zeotap is the world's leading platform that monetizes mobile operators' untapped subscriber data across verticals. Our cross-operator platform features privacy-by-design across all elements and incorporates "made in Germany" data protection techniques. It delivers pure on-top EBITDA to operators while driving better decisions for businesses and superior experiences for consumers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details