TITLE: Exciting Opportunity for Lead Cakephp Developer for Carmatec,bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position Lead PHP Developer RESPONSIBILITIES - 4-7 years of demonstrable experience developing software using LAMP - High level of efficiency with PHP MVC frameworks, specifically CakePHP, CodeIgniter and Symfony. - Web development using Core PHP with MySQL database and open source customization. - Analyzing the project requirement. - Interacting with international Clients. - Develop web applications using framework and good working knowledge on OOPS. - Experience in Magento, WordPress /Drupal/Joomla will be added advantage Must have Technical Exposure- - OOPS, Core PHP, MySQL, Jquery Or Javascript, AJAX, MVC - Must have experience in CodeIgnitor/CakePHP/Laravel - Must have used SVN or GIT for code repository. - Experience in using IDEs Eclipse or Aptana - Experience in Bootstrap, Angular JS is added advantage - Experience in building RestFul APIs will be added advantage -- Regards, Rohini Maragatta HR Executive - Carmatec IT Solutions Pvt Ltd., Ph: 080 41733355 Mail: rohini@carmatec.comÂ Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Core PHP MySQL Javascript Joomla Wordpress Magento Drupal Codeigniter CakePHP JQuery LAMP mysq GIT Bootstrap API IDE Aptana Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Carmatec It Solutions Pvt Ltd Company: With over 13 years of expertise in the IT Industry, we have carved out a niche for ourselves to become an enterprise class solutions provider. With our stringent quality control measures, best practices and excellent crew, we bring to you the BEST solutions at nominal rates. Carmatec's portfolio of services is in line with the changing trends in the industry and, encompasses the latest technologies and best of talent. We started providing RubyOnRails and developer hosting support through Railscarma in 2006 when it was still in its nascent stage. We have a strong workforce trained in RoR, with experience working on live RoR development projects and hosting platforms. We also provide web design and development services through ColorCuboid. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details