TITLE: Trade Support and Asset Servicing Team Member

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Operational Responsibilities Participate in training sessions and get accredited within the timelines as per expected standards. Perform daily trade posting / reconciliation activities related to the function at the expected level of delivery in terms of turnaround time and quality. Perform closing processes to facilitate timely sign offs. Ensure team targets are met. Contribute as part of team for meeting targets. Contribute to overall efficiency of the processes and provide improvement ideas. Helping junior team members by resolving basic queries. Archiving, maintaining documents as per IFC / Audit requirements, maintaining all process MI as per requirements. Timely escalation of issues and follow-up on open issues to ensure closures. Domain Knowledge Asset servicing and Trade entry: Knowledge of trades (Listed Securities: Equity , Fixed Income, OTCs , Listed Derivatives, Loans, Private Equities, Participation, Real Estate, Hedge Funds etc.), Corporate actions and Non-Trade entries on SAP . Cash and Position reconciliations of the financial products and research & resolution of discrepancies. Interaction with Banks, Custodians, Treasury departments for resolution of reconciliation items. Managerial Responsibilities None as the candidate has no direct report Service Level Management Responsible for service delivery by team on agreed key performance metrics of turnaround time, quality, etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: KPO / Research / Analytics Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills Equity Derivatives Fixed Income Reconciliation Corporate Actions Hedge Funds Finance Trade Support Service Level Management Service Delivery Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: The RedWood Horizon our client is a leading kpo Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details