TITLE: Voice Process Cse.. Cont- Priyanka

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Global Qi. Opening in top MNC's AltiSource, Ways2Save, HGS, Omega Health Care,24 7, Aegis etc. Company Profile: Altisource: Altisource provides services to some of the most respected organizations in their industries, including one of the nations largest sub-prime servicers, government agencies and many lenders, servicers, investors, mortgage bankers, credit unions, financial services companies and hedge funds across the country. We leverage 20 years of servicing and 60 years of debt collection experience to provide services and technologies that span the mortgage lifecycle from origination through REO asset management, in addition to asset recovery and customer relationship management. Our 24 / 7 global operations include more than 6,000 employees. 24/7: [24]7 delivers customer engagement software and services that make it simple for customers to interact with companies through the web, mobile, chat, social, and phone. [24]7 has been revolutionizing customer service and sales for 15 years. In 2000, the company was a pioneer in the contact center business and this experience provided invaluable perspectives about consumers and how they interact with companies. [24]7 is headquartered in Campbell, California, with R&D centers in California and Bangalore, India and sales offices in the US, UK and Australia. The company has contact centers in India, the Philippines, Guatemala, and Nicaragua. HGS: HGS is a leader in optimizing the customer experience and helping our clients to become more competitive. HGS provides a full suite of business process management services from marketing and digital enablement services, consumer interaction services to platform enabling back office business services. By applying analytics and interaction transformation design to deliver innovation and thought leadership, HGS increases revenue, improves operating efficiency and helps to retain valuable customers. HGS expertise spans the telecommunications and media, healthcare,insurance, banking, consumer electronics and technology, retail, consumer packaged goods industries, as well as the public sector. HGS operates on a global landscape with about 40,000 employees in 65 worldwide locations delivering localized solutions. HGS, part of the multi-billion dollar Hinduja Group, has over four decades of experience working with some of the world's most recognized brands. Ways2Save: W2S is an Indian entity owned by Fundraising Innovations (FRI) in UK. We help millions of customers in the UK to switch their energy (Gas and Electricity) and work with various suppliers especially the big 6 which are EDF Energy, Npower, Scottish Power, British Gas, Scottish and Southern Electric, E-on and few others. In addition to serving our parent company we also have 1 another 3rd party clients and hoping to add a few more this year. Job Description Title: Customer Support Executive Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Job Specific Essential Duties & Responsibilities Attracts potential customers by answering product and service questions; suggesting information about other products and services. Opens customer accounts by recording account information. Maintains customer records by updating account information. Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution. Maintains financial accounts by processing customer adjustments. Recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information and analyzing customer needs. Prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Skills Customer Service, Product Knowledge, Quality Focus, Problem Solving, Market Knowledge, Documentation Skills, Listening, Phone Skills, Resolving Conflict, Analyzing Information , Multi-tasking Salary up to 3L UK/US shift/ fixed shift/ rotational shift. Education / Knowledge / Experience Preferred: Any Graduate/ Post Graduate/Under Grad/Diploma/10+2 Experience 0 months - 03 years/Fresher also can apply Characteristics & Competencies Effective Communication Accountability, Energetic candidates with positive attitude. Walk In directly for an interview by tomorrow (11/03/16) 11:00 AM to the below address. Venue Details: GLOBAL Qi (A Venture of Saitech Technosoft Pvt Ltd) 1st Floor, Sri Shiv Sai Krupa Building, Amarjyothi Layout, Inner Ring Road, Domlur, Bangalore - 560071 Contact Person PRIYANKA For any further clarification please feel free to call PRIYANKA@ 9886450204 Â or Mail your CV at priyanka@globalqi.com Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Incentives+ food facility + Cab Facility Industry: BPO / Call Centre / ITES Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Associate/Senior Associate -(NonTechnical) Keyskills Bpo voice Customer care executive CSR voice process Call Centre customer support Domestic international graduates under graduates BBA MBA BCA BBM BAC BA Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Saitech Voice Process . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details