TITLE: Excellent Opportunity for Project Manager

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Title : Project Manager Experience : 5-10 years Shift Timing: 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m./12:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m./3:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. Job Location: Bangalore- Whitefield / Bannerghatta Road Domain - Retail banking / Wealth mgt / Commercial banking /investment banking Knowledge >Excellent understanding of the project lifecycle >Excellent understanding of Global Change Delivery Business Transformation Frameworks and best practice techniques. >Thorough understanding of the purpose, value, culture and fundamentals of Global Change Delivery. >Strong understanding of banking and understanding of how change drives benefits for business, its customers and other stakeholders >Knowledge working on PM tools like Clarity or MS project Role Experience :- >Extensive project management skills and experience of managing large and complex projects >Strong people manager and broad experience in managing large teams of different work streams >Multiple strong examples of the delivery of on time and on budget projects that achieve business case stated outcomes a driver with bias towards delivery at pace and controlling project outcomes >In depth experience of working in a banking environment and change projects >Good stakeholder management experience, especially impactful communication, influencing and running project governance Implementation, change management and benefits realisation >Implementation, change management and benefits realisation >Experience manage and control of large and complex change projects Capabilities/ Skills:- Planning and Plan Management Portfolio Definition and Planning Risk and Issues Management Customer Empathy Decision Making Commerciality Business Analysis and Design Business Case and Benefits Realisation Financial and Budget Management Tracking, Reporting and Governance Delivery at Pace Collaboration Innovation and Idea Management Managing Successful Programmes (MSP) Optional PMP certification Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Project Lead Keyskills Prince2 Project Management PMP Stakeholder Management Business Analysis Process Re - engineering Business Case Business Transformation Investment Banking Change Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd World's Largest Financial Industry Black and White. There can be no shades of grey in between. We can never leave things to chance. Everything has to be well defined. Presenting Black and White - your comprehensive Human Resource Partner - that understands you and meets your needs and expectations, right on time and every time. Now a days Human Resource Management is the most important process of every business. Most businesses fail, because they don't hire the right people. Finding ideal resources is like sifting for a needle in the haystack How is it then possible to find the right resource for your company? Do you need to resort to spending huge amounts of money on advertisements to find your ideal candidate? Or do you have to resort to paying astronomical fees for hiring a plausible recruit ? Whatever be your recruitment strategy and seriously with due respects to your capabilities; what you get is all a game of chance. Well when you recruit what you think is the right candidate - and land up with the wrong one - it usually affects your business not only in terms of time lost, but also in terms of cost. This is a never ending cycle. What you do best is your business. What we do best is our business Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details