TITLE: Technical Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Mainframe Job Scheduling Primary Skill (Domain) : Mainframe Sub domain: Production control and Scheduling Education: BE / BTech / B. Sc/ M. Sc/ M. Tech/ MBA Experience: 5-8 years Tools Knowledge required: Control M and TWS/ OPC Job Description: If necessary, participate in monthly meetings with clients. Be able to produce reports of incidents, number of run jobs and the number of changes Follow up the incidents and suggest improvements that can prevent it from happening again IT Services to be in urgent situations with customers able to handle changes in the approved production plan. Proactively working with the normal maintenance of batch jobs and applications to ensure that everything is working today, tomorrow and in the future Act quickly when service fails and makes sure it returns to normal status as soon as possible. Ensure that all jobs are running when they are scheduled, and that they run in the correct order Responsible for the (1. ) Ensure adherence to the published compliance frame work. Monitor by conducting periodic audits to ensure all compliance aspects are adhered to; Analyze and publish reports on the findings; discuss with the concerned stake holders and follow up on the clos (2. ) To analyze and integrate the CoE Process and adjoining HR/ Business Processes for bringing out higher alignment by creating new designs or enhancing the current design as per industry and regulatory norms. (3. ) To keep self abreast of the changing paradigm through reading, research, feedback and competitor analysis to ensure that the process design has the next/ best practices (4. ) To prepare business requirement documents for automation/ enhancement of the HR Process (es) , lead pilot and testing efforts of a process rollout including preparation of training material and ensure that customer queries on a new process are responded to Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Other Role:Outside Consultant Keyskills Production Control Control - M Production Planning Job Scheduling IT Services Process Design Competitor Analysis Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization, B.Sc - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Computers, Any Specialization, M.Sc - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: HCL Technologies HCL is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare. Founded in 1976 as one of India's original IT garage startups, the HCL enterprise currently comprises of three companies in India - HCL Technologies, HCL Infosystems and HCL Healthcare with annual revenues of US$ 6.5 billion and over 95,000 professionals from diverse nationalities operating across 31 countries including over 500 points of presence in India. In the technology space, HCL"s offerings span a wide range of software and hardware services and solutions including R&D, technology services, enterprise and applications consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT hardware, systems integration, distribution of technology and telecom products. A new entrant in healthcare, HCL aims to provide innovative medical services, products and training to meet the growing demand for quality healthcare in India. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details