TITLE: Web Content Strategist

SKILLS: Journalism

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role: The content strategist is responsible for producing and presenting sales-oriented and brand-relevant content strategies and copy. The role requires well-demonstrated skills in these areas, solidly informed by user-centric standards. Responsibilities include both large projects and ongoing maintenance, working both independently and as part of cross-functional teams. To be successful, he or she must be organized and able to work on several projects at once in a fast-paced environment. Content Strategist duties: The content strategist works closely with interaction designers, product managers, promotion managers, and delivery managers to: Analyze user and business needs and define user requirements. Work collaboratively with Digital Marketing team to execute content marketing strategy for clients. Responsible for maintaining all online and offline marketing communications for floret media. Responsible for converting business and brand objectives into a cohesive story. Identifies communication needs and recommends solutions. Continuously builds knowledge of online and offline best practices. Copyedit and proofread all web content. Research, write and edit original SEO ready content for company websites, blogs, online communication, and contentassets including case studies, emails, newsletters, technical documentation, social and more. Develop and modify standards and guidelines. Creating content strategies for large projects. Build & manage content writing team. Oversee freelancers, including writers, copyeditors and community outreach organizers. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Journalism , Editing , Content Role Category:Content Development Role:Content Developer Keyskills Digital Marketing Blogs Marketing Communication SEO Marketing Strategy Editing Web Content Technical Documentation Content Writing Case Studies Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Required:3-5 years experience working in interactive design environments as content strategist, copywriter or related position. Deep familiarity with user-centered design principles. Superb communication skills: this means the candidate will be able to articulate clearly verbally (in large group settings as well as one-on-one) and in writing the primacy of the user-centered design as well as the specific contribution of the content efforts. Demonstrated ability to define content strategy" succinctly. Ability to articulate and represent visually (whiteboard drawing) at least one content strategy framework that youve used successfully in the past. Experience creating content strategies and writing copy for public-facing websites. Company Profile: FLORET Media FLORET Media is promoted by a group of online experienced and expert marketing consultants. The entire team has 40+ years of cumulative work experience in their respective fields. It is one of the most successful Online Marketing Company with its head office in Bangalore and branches in Tirupur, Coimbatore & Chennai. Ever since Floret was founded in 2011, it has grown to serve hundreds of customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details