TITLE: Manager - Sales ( Bangalore)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Manager - Sales Role Summary -- Drive revenues by building & developing strategic partnerships. -- Create these partnerships keeping in mind financial and commercial plans in alignment with overall corporate goals -- To manage optimum marketing and communication solutions for all the initiatives of Loylty Rewardz Management Pvt. Ltd. -- Carryout all pre-pitch research and preparation towards strategizing partner acquisition -- Work closely across internal and partner organization departments to successfully activate new partner onto the program and delivering and achieving commitments and efficiencies Building Partnerships -- Initiate discussion with identified retail partners; Detail the concept of loyalty programs to the key decision makers of the partner; seek inputs/ involvement of superior at critical stages of the discussion; effectively interact with the brand relationship management team. -- Possess working knowledge of the merchant acquiring. -- Leading negotiations, coordinating complex decision-making process and closing deals. -- Collaborate with Marketing and Analytics teams to optimize the revenue generation opportunity and demonstrate strong ROI. -- Track and manage performances through development of activities that drive usage Relationship Management -- Act as a primary point of contact for our key partner and communicate on a regular basis with partners and internal management team. -- Establish and maintain relationships with partners by offering innovative solutions which drive the business -- Track and manage performances through development of activities that drive usage. -- Add value to the business of the existing partners and maximize revenue generation from them -- Act as an interface between partners and the delivery team. -- Conduct regular meetings with partners and monitor their performances. -- Collate, maintain and manage data and analyze the reports generated for the various partners and the internal management team Must Haves You need to have a commercial bend of mind. End of the day, a business needs to see revenue and towards that, you need to constantly strike and manage commercially profitable deals, which would also create and deliver value to consumer. Commercial deals are always done between people. Wed need you to be a strong people person. You need to be able to connect with individuals and be able to develop professional business relationships easily. Skill to develop such business relationships based on trust, character and content are important. Wed need you to also be able to liaise with senior management of other organizations on your own with ease. If you dont know all of this, wed train you. You need to have the aptitude and be open to learn. MBA from a well reputed Business School with maximum 2 3 yrs of experience. Summary In essence, we are a fast-growing company with our eyes set on very rapid growth rate through the next few years. We are looking to get on board a team of young professionals who can drive that growth aggressively in the market place. If all of this resonates with you well, and if you love the fast-paced, break-neck speed of growth in a fun environment, then wed love to have a chat with you. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Retail / Wholesale Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Sales Business Development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Loylty Rewardz Mngt. Pvt. Ltd About Loylty Rewardz: We are a young, aggressive and fast-growing organization that is aiming to make a dent in the retail and banking industry in India, on how they acquire new consumers and how they manage the relationship with their existing consumers. From our start-up days, we have had a stupendously fast pace of growth through these years, and have reached a stage where we now manage loyalty programs for over 71% of all the debit cards issued in India. Our systems process one out of every two debit card transactions in India to award loyalty Points. Headquartered in Mumbai with offices across India, we are currently about 270 people strong and manage loyalty programs for over 23 banks in India, with a cumulative base of over 650 million consumer profiles under our loyalty program management. We also work with over 120 mid to large sized retail organizations with over 7,000 retail outlets enrolled into our consumer platform called Max Get More. We currently process over 55 million transactions worth over INR 8,000 Crores per month, and have processed over a billion and a half transactions cumulatively. Having achieved this significantly strong market dominant position in the financial service industry, we are now realigning our organizational focus and energies towards the retail industry, with a clear aim to increase our retail partner network from 7000 outlets to 500000 outlets. While at it, we are also working to reposition the organization from being a strong B2B player - a game which we have decisively won - into a deeply Consumer-focused organization with a Product approach. We are a well-capitalized organization, and have completed our Series A, Series B and Series C rounds of venture capital funding raising, and have raised a total of over INR 160 Crores. We are now entering a new phase of aggressive growth, and are looking to build a young, energetic and dynamic commercial team that will play a significant role in fueling that growth. If you are in this team, a 24 to 30 month experience would be life-changing and fun. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details