TITLE: UI/ UX Designer - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description Hiring for UI/UX Designer who understands mobile centric human design. If youve built mobile products which you believe are on the cutting edge of UI design; if you are fanatical about improving user experience and in doing so making the world a better place; and if you are excited about working on a product where the world is your market, we would love to meet you. Job Description: Ability to understand user behavior and identify actionable user insights. Experience with the conceptualization and design of navigation, labeling, search, and organization systems for websites and applications. Experience in conducting user research and defining user goals. High Proficiency in interaction design. Good visual design sensitivity. Experience in prototyping and conducting usability testing sessions. Creating all the inputs needed for design that is ready for development. Appreciation of whats possible in user flows, using latest technologies on the development side. Desired Skills and Experience Minimum 1 year experience. Bachelors/ Masters in Graphic Design, Mobile App screen design, Interaction Design, HCI Excellent hands on skills to design and build mobile interfaces. Excellent knowledge of interaction and navigation pattern, research methods, and wireframing tools. Portfolio capturing work on high quality UX work. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills User Interface Designing Interaction Design Visual Design Graphic Designing User Experience Usability Testing User Research UX Prototyping UX Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: LiveOnGo LiveOnGo ia mobile application connected with IoT devices or other smart devices to understand more human life and predicts about future in all way and automate the complete lifestyle for human. LiveOnGo (Product of Artivatic) is a bootstrap startup building Artificial Intelligence solutions for consumers. Our system understand complete human activities, lifestyle, health, food, movie, entertainment, events, shopping, eating habits, meeting, communication and more in form of unstructured data like activities, communication, context, images and videos to glean real instant insights and make decisions using advanced Deep Learning and Machine Learning techniques in real time on the Go. These algorithms, modelled on the human brain, have many critical applications to improve consumer life.in daily activities focused on AI & ML. This is going to be 'Personal Lifestyle Guide' in your life. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details