TITLE: Opening with D - Mart for the Post of Store Manager / Area Manager

SKILLS: Hotels

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Position - Store Manager / Area Manager Location - Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Gujarat, Delhi. Exp - 7 to 15 years Skills : Leadership skills. Analytical skills. Good communication skills. Coordination skills Quick & Right Decision Making Job Requirement : 1.Responsible for overall store operations for smooth functioning of the store. 2. Should have team Handling Experience of approx 150 - 250 Employees. 3. Manpower Handling. 4. Team Building, Employee Engagement 5. Vendor Management. 6. Stock Checking. 7. Pilferage Control. 8. Asset Management. 9. Look after the customers complaints, suggestions and queries. 10. Coordinate with the Category & Vendors to ensure timely delivery of the stock. 11. Look after Store Display and also ensure the stock availability to avoid the stock outs. 12. Handle Statutory Compliance. Request you to kindly revert to this mail by sending us a copy of your updated resume on savita.kate@dmartindia.com . About D - Mart : Avenue Supermarts Ltd (ASL) owns and operates hypermarkets and supermarkets by the store name D-Mart. D-Mart seeks to be a one-stop shopping destination for the entire family, meeting all their daily household needs. A wide selection of home utility products is offered, including foods, toiletries, beauty products, garments, kitchenware, bed and bath linen, home appliances and much more. Since D-Mart first opened its doors in the Mumbai region in 2000, it has grown into a trusted and well-established shopping destination in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana and Chhattisgarh D-Mart is now looking forward to growing its stores across India. Presence D-Mart's expansion began in 2007, when stores were opened in Ahmedabad, Baroda, Pune, Sangli and Solapur. Today D-Mart is established in 99 locations across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Chhattisgarh . Thanks & Regards, Ms. Savita Kate. D-Mart Avenue Supermarts Pvt. Ltd. Savita.kate@dmartindia.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / Airlines / Railways Functional Area: Hotels , Restaurants Role Category:Food & Beverage Role:Restaurant Manager Keyskills Store Manager Department Manager Asst. Store Manager Pilferage Control Vendor Management QSR restaurant fast food Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Candidate form the Hospitality Industry would be prefer for the Role.Candidate should be from the QSR background.Â Company Profile: Dmart About D - Mart : Avenue Supermarts Ltd (ASL) owns and operates hypermarkets and supermarkets by the store name D-Mart. D-Mart seeks to be a one-stop shopping destination for the entire family, meeting all their daily household needs. A wide selection of home utility products is offered, including foods, toiletries, beauty products, garments, kitchenware, bed and bath linen, home appliances and much more. Since D-Mart first opened its doors in the Mumbai region in 2000, it has grown into a trusted and well-established shopping destination in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana and Chhattisgarh D-Mart is now looking forward to growing its stores across India. Presence D-Mart's expansion began in 2007, when stores were opened in Ahmedabad, Baroda, Pune, Sangli and Solapur. Today D-Mart is established in 99 locations across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Chhattisgarh . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details