TITLE: Network & Security Administrator

SKILLS: IT Software - Network Administration

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Hosting Network & Security Engineer is a technical specialist working as part of a Hosting Operations team. To provide world class support to an enterprise level client base responsible for incident resolution, processing of change requests, and contributions to problem management for customer network and infrastructure cases. The candidate will be qualified to a CCNP Routing or Security level or a similar proven track record of experience. Position Summary: Work on Change & Incident on need/rotation basis. Among total cases worked in a month aim to work on 60% cases in P1/P2 bracket for Change & Incident. Ensure cases are picked in Priority & Rank order. Work on urgent cases identified by Lead Engineer or Manager. Ensure Lead engineer & Manager are aware of any Top 100 P1/P2 Incident cases. Take escalation from Engineer which requires next level attention. Escalate cases to lead engineer as required. Responsible for MOPing & Executing change activities for HNS Change & HNS Incident. Take ownership of PR and work towards resolution if one created from an Incident case. Mentoring & Coaching Engineers. Resolving first, second and third level support problems; 75% of which will be resolved without escalation. Escalating to the relevant Engineering team as required, promptly following procedures and ensuring management is updated accordingly. Ensuring the customer and ticket is up to date at all times on incident progress. Maintain, troubleshoot and co-ordinate replacement of faulty hardware. Involved in the execution of client change requests in a timely manner as planned by Customer Account Manager, Engineering and Command Centre Manager. Escalation of critical issues/outages to Command Centre Manager and Customer Account Manager as per procedures. Provide detailed feedback to other groups on all incident resolutions, ensuring full details are entered into ticket case notes. Daily review and action of open cases; updating Command Centre Manager on current cases and their status as appropriate. Update Shift teams and Day team on any projects being worked on. To provide comprehensive handovers to peers at the end of shift. Logging cases to 3rd party vendors requesting assistance on unresolved issues. Minimum Requirements: Detailed working knowledge of a range of networking technologies, including: i. Cisco switches and routers ii. Juniper switches and routers iii. F5 Big-IP and Cisco ACE load balancers Able to demonstrate understanding of key networking concepts, including: i. TCP/IP ii. Layer 2 and layer 3 switching and routing iii. Routing protocols such as BGP, OSPF, ISIS and EIGRP iv. Security solutions such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPN, and SSL Certificates v. DNS Use of packet capturing technologies such as Wireshark, tcpdump & setting SPAN on switches for capture. In-depth troubleshooting and strong analytical skills. Preferred Requirements Ability to design, implement, and support iRules for F5 BIG-IP appliances. Knowledge of other networking technologies, including: i. Check Point, Cisco ASA, and Cisco FWSM firewalls ii. Cisco 6500 series switches Knowledge of platform technologies including Microsoft Windows, Unix, and Linux. A degree in IT or equivalent proven experience in technical support roles for high-availability data centre infrastructures. ITIL accreditation Success Measurements (Optional) Success will be measured by what you accomplish and how you accomplish: Operations Centre processes and procedures are adhered to at all times. Over 75% of all issues are resolved without escalation. Escalations are performed within the SLA timescales. Good commutations with customers is required throughout incident lifecycles. Engineering and Senior Management are kept abreast of appropriate escalations. Customer satisfaction surveys produce positive responses. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Network Administration , Security Role Category:Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role:Network Administrator Keyskills Networking Switching OSPF EIGRP Hardware Routing Protocols Bgp Cisco ASA CCNP Routing VPN Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: CenturyLink Technologies India Pvt Ltd CenturyLink Technologies India Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details