TITLE: Relationship Manager - Privy League

SKILLS: Financial Services

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Role: Develops new and expands existing High Net worth Customer relationships for liabilities. Ensures high levels of customer service orientation and application of bank policy. Cross sells existing bank products to customers. Informs customers of new products or product enhancements to further expand the banking relationship. Plans and conducts special sales initiatives and events for prospective and existing clients. Coordinates with other group companies to provide seamless access to other products. Maintains complete relationship record for assigned customer accounts. Tracks customer complaints/queries and turnaround times for customer satisfaction Job Requirement: Developing and maintaining banking relationships with a select group of high net worth customers through individualized customer service. Good Customer orientation High energy and drive Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Financial Services , Banking , Investments , Insurance Role Category:Corporate Banking Role:Client Servicing/Key Account Manager Keyskills Selling Sales Initiatives Banking Relationship Management Liabilities Customer Service Orientation Customer Satisfaction Customer Complaints Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Qualifications Graduate - 4 -6 years of experience AMFI / IRDA Post Graduate - 2 -4 years of experience AMFI / IRDA Company Profile: Ing Vysya Bank Ltd. Established in 1985, the Kotak Mahindra Group is one of India's leading financial services conglomerates. In February 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd. (KMFL), the Group's flagship company, received a banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With this, KMFL became the first non-banking finance company in India to become a bank - Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. The consolidated balance sheet of Kotak Mahindra Group is over 1 lakh crore and the consolidated net worth of the Group stands at 13,943 crore (approx US$ 2.6 billion) as on September 30, 2012. The Group offers a wide range of financial services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking, to stock broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across India, and international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.kotak.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details