TITLE: Commisioning Engineer

SKILLS: Production

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Commissioning of Elevators, Starting up and final adjustments Prevention audit for elevator equipment and survey Carrying out the work of add on orders Providing technical support for field staff for unsolved issues. Coordination with the team and carrying out repair process Arranging spares from stores on regular basis to site Modernization of various make Elevators Replacement of existing Elevators Technical Troubleshooting of various products. Handling commissioning of lift components, both electrical and electronic in nature ( Cop / LOP , alarm, lights, fan etc) Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Production , Manufacturing , Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Service/Maintenance Engineer Keyskills elevator escalator commissioning Iinstallation Commissioning Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate, Diploma PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Escon Elevators Pvt. Ltd. ESCON is an ISO 9001 - 2008 Certified Company for Design, Manufacturing of Quality products and safety standards as per IS 14665. We have Got NSIC CRISIL PERFORMANCE AND CREDIT RATING-SE1B which indicates Highest Performance Capability and moderate financial strength. ESCON has completed 25 years and continue integration of advanced technologies through innovation and service. ESCON Elevator is one of the fastest growing company and leading manufacturer of Elevators and Escalators. ESCON produces various kinds of elevators and escalators which integrates full fledged Research and Development, Production, Manufacturing, Testing and Quality assurance, Installation, Modernisation, Maintenance and after sales service are under one roof in a professional way. The sales network covers all large and medium cities in India. ESCON learned a lot of details in line of business which helped to develop a variety of products which could compete with the products offered by the indigenous and multinational companies. During this period, we installed many elevators at various locations including Government bodies as well as private enterprises in India and abroad. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details