TITLE: CAA V6 Developer with Minimum 5 Years of Experience

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Candidate must be having minimum 5 years of experience on CAA (V5 , V6) development. Candidate will report to project lead and mainly responsible for development activities. Candidate must be at level L5. Exposure to Enovia V6 is an added advantage. Architectural design of modules Creation and implementation of algorithms Developing new features and modules (coding) Coding, debugging, unit testing, design review, code review, specification review and unit test plan review. Guiding software engineers in coding, debugging and usage of tools Solving technical problems by the team Design and Code revie Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills development tools specification coding architectural design usage enovia design review algorithms code review Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Geometric Limited Geometric is a specialist in the domain of engineering solutions, services and technologies. Its portfolio of Global Engineering services, Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions, Embedded System solutions, and Digital Technology solutions enables companies to formulate, implement, and execute global engineering and manufacturing strategies aimed at achieving greater efficiencies in the product realization lifecycle. Listed on the Bombay and National stock exchanges in India, the company recorded consolidated revenues of Rupees 10.95 billion (US Dollars 181.39 million) for the year ended March 2014. It employs about 4400 people across 12 global delivery locations in the US, France, Germany, Romania, India, and China. Geometric was assessed as CMMI 1.1 Level 5 for its software services and is ISO 9001:2008 certified for engineering operations. The companys operations are also ISO 27001:2005 certified. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details