TITLE: Walk-in : Performance Associate

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings From State Street Corporation!!!!!! Â We are lookingÂ for Performance Associate Â STATESTREET SERVICES INDIA PVT LTD http://www.statestreet.com OUR COMPANY: State Street Corporation (NYSE: STT) is the world's leading provider of financial services to institutional investors including investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading. With $28.40 trillion in assets under custody and administration and $2.48 trillion in assets under management as of June 30, 2014, State Street operates globally in more than 100 geographic markets and employs 29,420 worldwide. For more information, visit State Street's website at www.statestreet.com. Promoting a culture of excellence With more than 29,420 employees across 29 countries, at State Street, our people are our greatest asset. We recognize that highly skilled, engaged and productive employees are essential to our success. Our company values reflect our commitment to employee engagement, Global Inclusion and corporate social responsibility - to help you build a fulfilling career. Around the world, we aim to be an employer of choice by offering competitive compensation and benefits, personal and professional development opportunities, and a work environment that promotes a diverse array of people, ideas and skills. Walk-In between 11.00 AM to 1.00 PM. Venue: RMZ EcoWorld, Campus 8A, 4th Floor, Sarjapur, Marathalli Outer Ring Road Devarabeesanahalli Village Varthur Hobli, Bengaluru East Taluk, Bangalore Job Description : MBA in Finance concentration desired. 0 to 2 years of business experience including working with Fund data and investment operations. Performance review, performance reporting Producing, reviewing and validating portfolio account performance calculations and performance reports associated with accounts, managers and sponsors. Analyzing and understanding the entire portfolio and making a quick investigation on the discrepancies arising of the audit and applying the appropriate solutions for timely and effective reporting to the clients. Investigating into discrepancies and assigning to the correct department for timely resolutions. Reviewing, updating and implementing new processes and procedures as required, to enhance operational controls Providing the final performance report to the clients at different service levels as per the clients requests. Strong knowledge of investments and financial services Knowledge of financial data (performance returns, fund characteristics, holdings) Excellent coordination and problem solving skills. Desirable skills: Strong attention to detail and excellent analytical skills. The successful candidate will demonstrate a "take charge" attitude and ensure that problems are solved, and status and resolutions are communicated appropriately. Ability to communicate fluently in both verbal and written English is required Excellent telephone speaking and listening skills. Time management skills and the ability to work on multiple issues concurrently are both critical. Experience in testing and project management skills is desirable Being able to quickly learn new application support skills is also very important for the candidate to be successful in this position. Passionate about providing excellent customer service in a high performance, fast-paced work culture State Street supports flexible work arrangements where determined feasible, consistent with business and operational needs. Subject to an individualized assessment of these considerations, roles may be identified as potentially suited for a flexible work arrangement. Requests for a flexible work arrangement can be made upon hire. All employees at State Street have the ability to request flexible work arrangements, with the final decision based solely on business discretion and subject to management approval. More information is available here. We encourage you to explore the possibilities that a career at State Street can offer you. State Street is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and prohibits discrimination against applicants or employees on the basis of any legally protected characteristic. JOB SPECIFICATION: Location: Bangalore Education: MBA,Mcom WALK-IN DATE & TIMINGS 29th Â March 2016 & 11:00 AM - 1:00PM CONTACT HR PERSON: Waseem Ahmed VENUE: RMZ EcoWorld, Campus 8A, 4th Floor, Sarjapur, Marathalli Outer Ring Road Bengaluru -560016 Thanks & Regards Waseem Ahmed Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills MCOM Mba performance performance Associate finance operations performance reporting Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: State Street Global Advisor Pvt Ltd Our Company State Street Corporation (NYSE: STT) is the world's leading provider of financial services to institutional investors including investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading. With $28.7 trillion in assets under custody and administration and $2.4 trillion* in assets under management as of June 30, 2015, State Street operates globally in more than 100 geographic markets and employs 31,070 worldwide. For more information, visit State Street's website at www.statestreet.com. Promoting a culture of excellence With more than 31,070 employees across 29 countries, at State Street, our people are our greatest asset. We recognize that highly skilled, engaged and productive employees are essential to our success. Our company values reflect our commitment to employee engagement, Global Inclusion and corporate social responsibility - to help you build a fulfilling career. Around the world, we aim to be an employer of choice by offering competitive compensation and benefits, personal and professional development opportunities, and a work environment that promotes a diverse array of people, ideas and skills. We're a company that insists on, and rewards, performance excellence. We know our success hinges on attracting the best people to join us - people like you. State Street supports flexible work arrangements where determined feasible, consistent with business and operational needs. Subject to an individualized assessment of these considerations, roles may be identified as potentially suited for a flexible work arrangement. Requests for a flexible work arrangement can be made upon hire. All employees at State Street have the ability to request flexible work arrangements, with the final decision based solely on business discretion and subject to management approval. More information is available here. We encourage you to explore the possibilities that a career at State Street can offer you. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details