TITLE: Career Opportunities for .Net Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The developer Engineer shall be responsible for technical implementation of Niagara framework modules and release same with high quality. The person should have very good experience in working on Java technologies (listed below) and aspire for new technology learning. - Should be hands-on coder and should own couple of modules on the project - Should actively perform a. Requirements Review b. Design reviews c. Code reviews - Should be able to work with minimum supervision - Identifying potential issues and flagging them proactively to Tech Lead/EM - Ensure defects are monitored and take Corrective Action/Preventive Action to meet quality standards - Monitors and controls assigned work scope against the project plan, highlights changes to the baselines and risks to the Tech Lead/EM - Ensures that the final deliverable meets the functional specifications of the end user by a. Verifying first level quality check is performed by the developer b. Ensuring 100% code review c. Doing thorough second level quality checks using quality checklist/software testing/lab testing where applicable - Core Java & Java Fundamentals & Java Classes, Packages and Methods, Java Collections framework Exception handling, Logging, JDBC, I/O Package Multithreading, Eclipse IDE - OOPS Concept - Advanced - Mandatory - Desired to have serial communication experience - Good understanding on XML handling - Databases: SQL Server, Oracle; Hands on Experience with SQL programming (writing SQL queries, Joins, usage of group by & having clause in writing queries) on any database - Experience in designing applications using UML, Code quality practices & agile process hands-on/knowledge will be advantage. - Experience : 5-7 years with BE / MS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Core Java Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Volantis Technologies Pvt Ltd. -- Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details