TITLE: Product Manager - Startup

SKILLS: IT Software - eCommerce

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description At LiteLabs, we put our users first. We build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. The Product Management team works closely with our engineers to guide products from conception to launch. As part of the Product Management team, you bridge the technical and business worlds as you design services that our customers love. You'll work with teams from Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Finance, to name just a few. You have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development at our break neck speeds. As a Product Manager, you will be part of shaping LiteLabs next moonshot. Responsibilities Gather requirements. Help to define a product's business vision and strategy. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - eCommerce , Internet Technologies Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Product Manager Keyskills Product Manager Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.A - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Minimum Qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in product management or design with a focus on internet products and technologies.Preferred Qualifications MS or MBA degree from the top schools 2 years of experience building, scaling and managing travel products and businesses. Demonstrated ability to gather user requirements and convert them into a winning product vision. Excellent problem-solving, organizational and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve product strategy based on research, data and industry trends. Company Profile: LiteLabs LiteLabs is a startup and innovation lab that focuses on solving large scale problems driven by technology and entrepreneurial zeal. The LiteLabs team comes up with several ideas to test and experiment. These projects get prototyped through in-house design and technology teams, and are pilot tested on the ground to get feedback and market validation. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details