TITLE: Principal Engineer/technologist

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Principal Engineer / Technologist demonstrates accountability for functional, business and broad company objectives. In this role you will integrate and develop processes that meet business needs across the organization, manage complex issues within functional area(s) of expertise, be involved in long-term planning, and contribute to the overall business strategy. Identify, develop, evaluate, and introduce software solutions to meet near term and long range business needs in large distributed systems. Provide technical & design guidance for large distributed systems architecture & design for both, new products & improvement in existing products. Provide technical consultation on product issues throughout the business including field support. Manage obsolescence of products & come-up with solutions around the same. Lead and provide key technical direction to development and application of locomotive and train movement optimization based software solutions that improve system efficiency and operations for use in both GE Transportation and non-GE products. Typical applications/products include Movement Planners, Raildocs, Express-Yards, Yard-Planners, Rail-lOS & other enhanced/advanced optimization systems. Define & document an appropriate design review risk assessment & review process to facilitate Agile & preside over such formal design reviews to ensure that sound software processes and tools have been applied to the designs being reviewed. Maintain an active role in developing and defining the state of the art in large distributed system optimization in order to anticipate, apply, adapt or develop technologies for new product introduction, quality, performance, cost improvements and problem resolution in meeting current and future business needs including adherence to schedules and estimated costs. Develop & execute strategy for establishing contemporary, world class, software products that may be deployed worldwide. Support other GE businesses, internal and external customers, and suppliers as required Provide technical consultation to cross-functional teams throughout the business to improve or resolve software product center, 3rd party supplier, or field issues. Effectively communicate and provide recommendations through the analysis, preparation and presentation of technical data to internal and external GE customers using reports, records, and letters. Use knowledge and expertise to support preparation of winning proposals in anticipation of business product needs. Prepare invention disclosures to protect technology that gives the business a competitive advantage, as well as protecting the intellectual property rights of the company. Provide coaching, mentoring, direction and training to new and experienced software engineers, architects, specialists, technicians and co-ops. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Pharma / Biotech / Clinical Research Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Project Management Role:Project Manager-IT/Software Keyskills Technical Design Intellectual Property Rights Distribution System Field Support New Product Introduction Software Solutions Architectural Design Design Review Problem Resolution Business Strategy Java C++ Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, B.Sc - Computers, BCA - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers, MCA - Computers, M.Sc - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science Strong fundamentals & grasp of object oriented languages, such as Java, C++, etc. At least 15 additional years of experience in an software development capacity Desired Characteristics Masters in Computer Science Deep hands-on experience software data structure, algorithms & design patterns for enterprise architecture systems. Experienced in Agile Software development methodology. Good understanding of best coding practices, unit testing, peer code reviews, continuous deployment, software life-cycle, etc. Demonstrated ability to document, plan, develop & build large distributed systems related technology and products that further the knowledge, understanding and capability of the business in related markets Demonstrated ability in problem analysis and resolution Demonstrated leadership in defining and advancing the state of the art software design & architecture along with the ability to teach and set standard practices within this field. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details