TITLE: Sr.it Recruiter

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, Greeting Form Technosoft..!! Technosoft Corporation, Bangalore is conducting a walkin drive from11th October (Tuesday) to 13th October (Thursday). Interested candidates can walkin to attend the interview starting from 10 AM toÂ 4PMÂ atÂ the below mentioned venue. Technosoft Corporation Cessna Business Park, Embassy Tech Square, 3rd Floor. Signet Building. Bangalore. Â This position is a Permanent employment with Technosoft. We are looking for a recruiter, with full cycle recruiting experience, to attract, screen, select and onboard qualified and suitable personnel to fill our job openings. The goal is to attract top talent from our candidates pool, gain competitive advantage and fuel companys growth. Position: IT Recruiter Location: Bangalore Notice Period: 15 Days Responsibilities Design and implement overall recruiting strategy Develop and update job descriptions and job specifications Perform job and task analysis to document job requirements and objectives Prepare and post jobs to appropriate job board/newspapers/colleges etc Source and attract candidates by using databases, social media etc Screen candidates resumes and job applications Conduct interviews using various reliable personnel selection tools/methods to filter candidates within schedule Assess applicants relevant knowledge, skills, soft skills, experience and aptitudes Onboard new employees in order to become fully integrated Monitor and apply hr recruiting best practices Provide analytical and well documented reports to the rest of the team Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process Promote companys reputation as best place to work EXPERTISE IN CONTRACT STAFFING IS MUST Requirements Proven work experience as a recruiter Solid ability to conduct different types of interviews (structured, competency based, stress etc) Hands on experience with various selection processes (phone interviewing, reference check etc) Ability to organise assessment centers (in tray activities, work samples, psychometric and IQ/EQ tests etc) Familiarity with hr databases, applicant tracking systems and CMS Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong decision making skills BS/MS in Human Resources Management Please mention "ASHA RANI" on top of your resume. Contact person - Vinod Note: 1) P ls bring the print out of this job post along with you for interview. 2) carry your original ID proof. Salary: Attractive Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills it recruiter recruitment executive contract staffing hr recruiter mba hr bba hr human resources recruitments Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Company Profile: Technosoft Global Services Pvt Ltd Technosoft Corporation is an ISO 9001:27001 company, founded in 1996 as an Information Technology (IT) /Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) Services Company. Headquartered in Michigan, USA, Technosoft has 10 offices globally. Outsourcing operations are located at our state-of-the-art facility in Chennai and Bangalore, India. Since its inception in 1996, Technosoft has seen unprecedented yet consistent growth in terms of customers, employees and revenue. Currently, Technosoft has over 1800 employees across the world. Our customers include Fortune 1000 and SMB companies globally. For further information, do check our website www.technosoftcorp.com. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details