TITLE: UI Developer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this UI Developer Bangalore The UI/Front-End Developer will be responsible for developing and delivering a rich highly interactive interface for our flagship product; AdVantage. This role will be part of the AdVantage Product Development team and will work closely with product subject matter experts (SMEs), back-end web developers and product architects. Deliverables are designed and delivered via our product lifecycle roadmap. This role will be instrumental in designing, developing, and evolving reusable UI patterns and rich web user interfaces. This role requires the ability to assist with evolving standards and best practices as it relates to UI design and front-end coding practices. Because this is a new user interface, a candidate for this role must have an ability and comfortable level designing and developing from scratch. The UI/Front-End Developer should be well versed with front-end technologies such as HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and related technologies such as JQuery, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, Dojo, LESS. The back-end web technology is enabled by .NET and uses the MVC framework. Requirements: o 1+ years on hands-on experience on front-end MVC frameworks like Angular JS/Ember/Knockout/Backbone is a must (AngularJS is preferred) o 3+ years of HTML experience o 3+ years of client side JavaScript experience o 3+ years of CSS experience o 3+ years of relevant work experience with a concentration in front end development and demonstrated history of UI/UX sensibilities o Strong understanding of web design best practices, usability patterns, and latest UI/UX trends. o Ability to hand code standards compliant HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript. o Experience with the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and principles of product development such as installation, upgrade and namespace management o Solid analytical, technical and problem solving skills. o Ability to communicate efficiently and effectively with internal product development team o Demonstrates an aggressive curiosity o Understanding of relational database concepts and SQL Educational Requirements: Bachelors degree in a relevant field (Computer Science) required, advanced degree or equivalent business experience preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Graphic/Web Designer Keyskills HTML Javascript CSS JQuery UI Development User Interface Designing Web Designing UX Usability Ajax Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Quaero 3 India Ltd About us: Quaero is a Product Development Company operating in the niche segment of Media and Online analytics. We help our clients to Acquire, Engage and Monetize their audience through our AdVantage Platform. Quaero does cutting edge work in the areas of Data Management, BI and Data Analytics. Some of the biggest sports networks and media houses in USA turn to Quaero when they want to understand their customers better and target them with better Ad placement on their websites, which helps them drive up their Ad revenues. A start-up environment, opportunity to work on the latest technologies, flexible work schedules and an open work culture - are some of the benefits of working at Quaero. Quaero has offices in Charlotte, Boston & Bangalore with headquarters being located in Charlotte, NC. www.quaero.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details