TITLE: Quality Analyst

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Overview: The Quality Analyst is responsible for the overall quality of services delivered from the offshore Customer Service Support Center team. His/her key deliverable is to embed TE Operating Advantage in day to day operations. Coach associates to deliver extraordinary customer experience. Build a culture of continuous improvement. He/she is accountable for the error free order metrics that is reported to the regional teams. His/her tasks include transaction audits, providing feedback, analysis of errors, implement action plans to reduce errors within acceptable limits, training new resources, create/update process documentation, audit governance models etc. Responsibilities & Qualifications: 1.Audit transactions, identify and rectify errors, provide feedback and ensure errors are within acceptable limits. Coach associates to deliver extraordinary customer experience by conducting behavioral audits. 2.Build a culture of continuous improvement -To implement TEOA tools and drive metrics for the respective teams. 3. Analyze, Create and review quality reports with management team. Implement procedures and policies that ensure error free orders. Conduct regular audits on governance model. Ensure the organization is aligned to TL9000 standards of quality manual. Audit process on quality compliance, identify non compliance and implement action plans to ensure all NCs are closed on time. 4. Create/update process documentation that identifies hand off points, changes to procedures as per agreement with on shore teams. 5. Train new resources as per standard training process and documents Evaluate suitability of resources for go live Monitor progress of new resources and recommend for confirmation. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Quality Role:Quality Assurance/Quality Control Executive Keyskills Feedback Coaching Customer Experience Policies Quality Compliance Customer Service Process Documentation Continuous Improvement Quality Analysis Process Audit Quality Analyst SAP Order management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Education: Any Graduate Excellent understanding of Order management. Worked on quality measurement tools and metrics. Experience on SAP and Sales force Eye for detail Previous experience in audit process will be an added advantage. Sound understanding of TE Connectivity systems and tools Basic understanding of reporting tools.Good interpersonal skills. Company Profile: TE Connectivity India Private Limited TE Connectivity (NYSE: TEL) is a $12 billion global technology leader. Our connectivity and sensor solutions are essential in today's increasingly connected world. We collaborate with engineers to transform their concepts into creations - redefining what's possible using intelligent, efficient and high-performing TE products and solutions proven in harsh environments. Our 75,000 people, including 7,300 engineers, partner with customers in over 150 countries across a wide range of industries. We believe EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS -Ã‚Â www.TE.com.Ã‚Â Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details