TITLE: CTO - Startup - IIT, DCE, Nsit, NIT, BITS

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Description We are two IIT-Kharagpur graduates ( 2011 batch) looking to bring in a Technical Co-Founder to join us in our startup- eStudyCorner, iWantTutor, a QnA, Course, Research, Analytics and Tutoring Platform. The product ( Version -1 ) is ready, and is currently being used by 1000 students in Public Beta. It generates revenue as well. The product - ( version 1) has been built, and is public. We are getting revenues out of it. Who are we looking for? Were looking to bring on board someone who is passionate about coding and leading at a startup ( you will after-all be the CTO) , someone with infectious enthusiasm and an interest in the Education domain. Whats in it for you? This the era of Ed-Tech startups. Every year the amount of money being invested in education startups is increasing at a very rapid rate. Theres never been a better time to work in Ed-Tech. And as the Technical Co-Founder, you will have an opportunity to spearhead the startups efforts in becoming a force to reckon with. Youll get paid well, and also get serious equity in the company. About the role: - You will be building and breaking a lot of things - You will be building an amazing consumer-facing product - You will lead our development/technical efforts. - Position based in Bangalore (Though company is registered in UK) Can join immediately. ( if you have notice period, you can still can get in touch with us) How to apply (a) A brief note explaining why you want to work with us (b) Current + Expected CTC (c) Links to your github, stackoverflow, twitter, linkedin and/or other relevant profiles, if applicable (d) Your CV Am I eligible for this profile? - Expertise in PHP and a PHP MVC framework - Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, Compass CSS, JavaScript, Backbone.js, PHP, MySql, Angular.js, Kohana Framework, Ajax, JSON, REST APIs and more - B.Tech / M.Tech in Computer Science from a tier 1 engineering institutes like IITs, DCE, NSIT, NITs, BITS. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM-Technology(IT)/CTO Keyskills Javascript Ajax JSON CSS PHP MVC Framework MySQL C Rest Twitter CTO Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: ArtiVatic ArtiVatic builds a synaptic network of explicit and inferred connections to create an intelligence layer on top of chaotic, siloed enterprise data for real-time, context relevant recommendations and give the reasons behind them. Synaptic intelligence is the only solution to make context-sensitive adjustments to recommendations to help businesses make smarter decisions in real time. System understands complete human activities & lifestyle such as health, food, movie, entertainment, events, shopping, eating habits, meeting, communication and more in form of unstructured data like context, images and videos to glean real instant insights and make decisions. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details