TITLE: Senior Permanent Way Design Engineer / Senior Permanent Way Design Eng

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Essential Experience: Considerable experience of track design, S&C and Plain Line, including checking designs and controlling output Sound working knowledge of MicroStation and/or AutoCAD Demonstrable MX Rail / Bentley Rail track experience Project delivery experience in a Rail Consulting Environment Knowledge of ClearRoute assessment Knowledge and skills in aspects of track and/or railway civil engineering surveying, specification, construction/renewal within the UK with emphasis on planning and oversight of railway surveys on Network Rail infrastructure. Ability to mentor and help develop a team of less experienced Engineers and support personnel Flexibility to travel throughout the UK as and when required would be advantageous. Duties & Responsibilities: Reporting to the Team Leader you will be involved in delivering, checking and controlling PWay design output from feasibility through to detailed design, to include surveys, plain line and S&C renewal design, track lowering schemes, platform extension works, line speed improvement schemes, structural gauging and passing clearance analysis and undertake some Engineering and Project Management activities. You will also assist in the development and mentoring of a growing P-Way team. Provision of permanent way design inputs, within own area of experience/knowledge, across aspects of the Companys activities and commissions Checking / vetting designs before issue Delivery of allocated technical assignments, work elements and work packages and other design activities Maintain good relationships with UK stakeholders and CREs Undertaking technical tasks in accordance with the Companys quality, safety and project management/engineering procedures and controls Development of working knowledge across aspects of permanent way and contribution to developing the Companys general capability, breadth and depth of expertise and practices Specific allocated responsibilities and duties commensurate with individual experience and developmental needs Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Senior Design Engineer Keyskills MicroStation Autocad MX Rail Bentley Rail track ClearRoute Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil, Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Civil Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Arcadis Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. Arcadis Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. Arcadis NV is a global design, engineering and management consulting company based in the Zuidas, Amsterdam, Netherlands. It has its origins in 1868. The company is a member of the Next 150 index. Arcadis has over 300 offices in 40 countries. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details