TITLE: Naukri Walkin for Corporate Sales (bangalore) on 9th April 2016

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Who are we? We are Indias No. 1 Job Portal We have the best brand recall among all Indian portals, and also feature among the top 10 sites in India. We are market leaders with more than 70% Share in the Job portal segment. Highest Feet on street compared to our competitors, which gives us an edge when it comes to acquiring more clients, provide better services and support, and also ensure customer loyalty. We hire talent from the best institutes for our product team, which ensures that we are always 2 steps ahead of our competition, and also ensure customer delight. The sales team is a very young team, who brings a fresh perspective to the sales process, and also contributes with ideas in product development and process management. We are Public Limited and highly profitable Company. What is expected from you? Handling a territory in Bangalore and generating revenue through cold-calling, fixed meetings etc. Servicing the client thus ensuring interim and repeat business Maintaining strong relationship with client What you should be? MBA/PGDBM (Marketing) with 0 to 4 year Experience Good Communication and Strong Inter-personal skill Go getter, ambitious Ability to work under Sales Pressure What we have to offer you? Compensation - 3.5 Lakh (Fixed) + 1.3 Lakh (Variable) + Mobile & Conveyance Â - (0 to 1 Yr exp) 1 - 3 yrs Experience - Salary Negotiable & most importantly: Pride to work with Market Leader Young and Cosmopolitan Crowd Unmatched Growth Transparent Policies Competitive Environment Command Respect from Client and Job Seekers Work Location - Bangalore If you wish to build your strong Sales career with us, we would like to meet you.Â Walk-in anytime on 9th April 2016 Â Between 9:30 AM to 2:30 PM Venue: N 901 , 902, North Block, Manipal center, Dickenson Road Contact Person: Raksha Sriram If you have attended interview in last 3 Month, please ignore this mail. Salary:INR Fixed salary, Variable, Bonus, Mobile & conveyance Industry: Media / Entertainment / Internet Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Corporate Sales corporate marketing sales marketing B2B Marketing B2B Selling sales business development Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Marketing Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Requirements:PDGBM / MBA (Marketing) from reputed B-School preferably from 2016 / 2015 / 2014 / 2013 batch onwardsExcellent oral and written communication skillsAbility to work under pressureGood market knowledgeGood networking skillsDrive for resultInterested in building career in B2B Sales Company Profile: Info Edge India Ltd. About Naukri.com Naukri.com is a part of Info Edge India Limited. Naukri.com, started in 1997, is today Indias No. 1 job portal. It is an online platform that helps job seeker and employers connect. It has a huge database of more than 40 million registered users and their resumes and more than 130000 job listings. Naukri.com commands a traffic share of approx. 70%. About Info Edge: Info Edge is India's leading consumer internet company. With online presence in recruitment, matrimony, real estate and education, and strong brands like Naukri.com, 99acres.com, jeevansathi.com and Shiksha.com, we are more than 3500 people strong organization based out of more than 48 locations in India & Middle East. This is a financially strong company with a Total Income figure of Rs. 688 cr & Profit after Tax figure of Rs.193 cr for the financial year 14~15. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details