TITLE: Deputy Manager-finance(corporate Office)

SKILLS: Analytics & Business Intelligence

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this 1. MIS consolidation and review of financial and operating performances. 2. Variance analysis. 3. Highlighting areas of improvement to management. 4. Review of periodic cashflows. 5. Reporting performance to Management and Investor relations teams. 6. Capex and Opex Budgeting. 7. Interacting with business units to understand, profile, benchmark and compare performance. 8. Interacting with external bodies like credit rating agencies, banks, auditors etc. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Medical / Healthcare / Hospitals Functional Area: Analytics & Business Intelligence Role Category:Other Role:Fresher Keyskills Budgeting Finance Capex OPEX MIS Variance Analysis Banking Consolidation Investor Relations Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:CA Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited Narayana Health, headquartered in Bengaluru, is one of India's largest and world's most economical healthcare service provider. Since its inception in 2000 by leading cardiac surgeon Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty, as a 225- beds cardiac hospital 'Narayana Hrudayalaya' in Bengaluru, the NH Group of Hospitals has grown to a healthcare conglomerate with a network of 32 multispeciality and superspeciality hospitals spread across 19 cities in India and at Cayman Islands, North America. The group offers services in all areas of medicine and surgery with special thrust in areas of Cardiology & Cardiac Surgery, Cancer Care, Neurology and Neurosurgery, Orthopaedics, Nephrology & Urology, Gastroenterology, General Surgery, Solid Organ Transplant (Kidney, Liver, Heart, Lung) & Critical Care. NH is committed to the principles of Compassion, Quality and Affordability in healthcare & for its ability to reconcile quality, affordability, scale, transparency, credibility and profitability NH has emerged as a global industry model. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details