TITLE: Software Quality Test Engineer

SKILLS: IT Software - QA & Testing

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose : Responsible for validating SW product at system/ sub-system level. He/She needs to closely work with the system and software teams to understand the system functionality from the conceptual stage, design, in order to prepare effective validation test procedures and execute them. Essential Responsibilities : Interact with system engineers to understand the spec and develop validation test procedures ensuring 100% requirements coverage Schedule review for validation test procedures and results Attend project status meetings and provide assignment updates regularly Identify, validate and close defects in collaboration with development team Work in a team to test and deliver the assigned tasks on time Work break down and effort estimation for STLC Optimize STLC and continuously improve productivity Apply and implement automation wherever possible Work independently on tasks and deliver without close supervision while using their discretion to seek help when necessary Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques Work independently and delivers testing and use case creation which meets standards and delivers desired functionality using the technology selected for the project Qualification/requirements. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Courier / Transportation / Freight / Warehousing Functional Area: IT Software - QA & Testing Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Testing Engineer Keyskills Test Engineering Software Quality STLC black box testing Test Automation System Testing test procedures Testing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Electrical, Electronics/Telecommunication PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Qualifications/Requirements :BE/B Tech/Electrical/ Electronics/Comp. Science from reputed Institutes with consistent record of academic performance at 60% or higher, with minimum 2-5 years of relevant system test experience for embedded systemsExperience with black box testing techniques validating embedded control systemsUnderstanding of Communication system protocols like Ethernet, cell modem, WLAN (802.11), GPS, Wi-fiShould have good understanding and experience of product life cycleDesired Characteristics : Knowledge on tools such as DOORs, Clearquest. Familiarity with design, test and analysis tools and systems Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills PC proficiencyBusiness Acumen: Have a solid understanding of the underlying infrastructure needed to run a large distributed web application Has the ability to break down problems and estimate time for development tasks Has the ability to make basic technology choices based on experience Demonstrates awareness about competitors and industry Leadership: Has the ability to take ownership of small tasks and deliver without supervision while using their discretion to seek help when necessary Voices opinions and presents clear rationale. Uses data or factual evidence to influence Recognizes collaborative behavior and participates in collaborative activities Learns organization vision statement and decision making framework. Able to understand how team and personal goals/objectives contribute to the organization vision Personal Attributes: Demonstrate the ability to help team members Seeks to understand problems thoroughly before implementing solutions. Asks questions to clarify requirements when ambiguities are present Identifies opportunities for innovation and offers new ideas. Takes the initiative to experiment with new software frameworks Adapts to new environments and changing requirements. Pivots quickly as needed. When coached, responds to need & seeks info from other sources . Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details