TITLE: Business Development Manager - Domestic IT Staffing

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this eNFLUENCE IT , a full service IT Staffing Company is currently seeking Business Development Managers to become a part of our growing team. Highly motivated Individuals seeking a position in sales / business development where you can drive your own outcomes are encouraged to apply be part of the growth journey. JOB DESCRIPTION : 1. Responsible to define strategies and solutions for target market 2. Build, manage, qualify, and maintain a database of new clients and prospects that is aligned to the business opportunity in the market 3. Define and implement strategies that will help PRI India move up the value chain from staff augmentation to becoming a strategic solution provider to direct clients. 4. Build long-term relationships with customers and by meeting their IT Consulting resource needs and contributing to their growth. 5. Build excellent relationships with key personnel in the customer organizations. 6. Will be responsible for Client Acquisition and Lead Generation apart from managing the current customers in the target market. 7. Will be handling Client Relationship Management for effective outcome. 8. Develop and sustain effective new business relationships with accounts/clients and independently handle staffing business & manage the team. MUST HAVE : 1.Business Development experience for any kind of Staffing Services is a MUST. 2.4-8 years successful direct sales experience in Staffing and Recruitment Services to TOP CLASS IT Companies. 3.Decent understanding of technology concepts and its application. Should be able to evaluate technical skills reasonably. 4.Should be well versed with Recruitment life cycle and Staffing Models. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES : A self starter who can multi- task, be motivated and is results oriented. Ability to influence and persuade to achieve desired outcomes. # Good analytical, problem solving, presentation skills, budgeting and forecasting. # Self motivated and possess strong organizational and interpersonal networking skills. # Must be able to work independently as well as in a team environment. # Excellent oral and written communication skills. # Excellent communication skills: Both verbal and written. # Good listening skills. # Good presentation skills, must be able to make & deliver presentations to Key Customer Contacts. # Must be independent and a self-starter and have high risk taking capabilities. Salary:INR Best in Class Incentives Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Development Management Sales Client Acquisition Lead Generation Client Relationship Management IT Staffing Staff Augmentation IT Consulting New Business Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: eNFLUENCE IT Services Pvt. Ltd. eNFLUENCE IT Services (www.enfluenceit.com) is a fast growing full scale IT Services Company based out of Hyderabad with offices in Bangalore and USA. We are an end to end IT Services company with primary focus on Staff Augmentation Services, Application Development and Maintenance, IT Products using SaaS model on Cloud Platform . We work with a marquee list of IT Services and IT Product companies in India and US with opportunities ranging from team member level and above with variety of skills and experience levels spanning all verticals in IT space. What we offer is a very employee friendly and transparent polices and positive work culture with best in class benefits with passion for outdoing the best by providing the best of the breed solutions and services to our customers and stakeholders. You may please visit www.enfluenceit.com to know more about eNFLUENCE IT and its values or write to info@enfluenceit.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details