TITLE: Urgent Opening For Angular JS In Pune/bangalore Location

SKILLS: IT Software - Telecom Software

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hi, M/s ASAP info system expert advice for the moment we have an urgent opening for a reputed company. Kindly read to find more details:- Skill : Angular JS Experience: 3 + Yrs Â Location: Pune/Bangalore We hope that if you are interested for the above profile then kindly send us the following details (Mandatory) along with an Updated Resume / CV as soon as possible, so that we could process your profile for the same. Full Name: Skill: Total Experience: Relevant Experience: Contact number: Alternate contact number: DOB: Take home salary per month: Expected Take home salary per month: Currently working/Not Working/ Serving Notice Period: Current Company: Employment [Permanent/Contract]: If contract please specify your primary company details with URL: Required Time to Join: Current Location: Please let us know if you are holding any other Offers: Are you willing to join our Client under ASAP Info Systems Payroll: Ready to take F2F interview (mandatory): Pass port: Photo graph: Pan card: Pay slips: (PLEASE ATTACH ANY 1 MONTHS PAYSLIP FOR EVERY COMPANY WORKED TILL DATE - MANDATORY) Once all this information is recorded into our system, this will give us the ultimate challenge to work very hard on your Profile with our clients, We Pledge to assist you on the double & Get you started, sooner the better. Wishing you all the very best. In case you might want to get in touch with me for better assistance, please feel free to call me on the number mentioned below. I would be more than glad to help you. Waiting for your updated resume, Your Dream Job search starts once we receive your profile. Thanks & Regards Dalli Biswal Sr. Executive- TAG ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. EFC India | Level 4 , Marigold complex West Avenue, MARISOFT-IT Park, Kalyani Nagar, Pune 411 006 Contact No. 9168126688 dalli@asapinfosystems.com Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Telecom Software Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills angular js angular java script angular css angular j script angular html angular ajax angular jsp angular xml angular xsl angular soap angular javascript angular xsd angular web services angular dhtml Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd ASAP Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. is a 15 year old staffing company. ASAP offers specialized manpower services to the leading CMM Level 5 companies in India. ASAP focuses on helping the customer in meeting very critical EAS resource requirement and offers a unique business opportunity to the partner / customers to save cost and hassle of getting into the complexity of sourcing and training. ASAP is focused to offer the ready to use resources in most of the critical EAS areas like SAP, Seibel, PeopleSoft, Oracle Applications, Business Intelligence, and MS Dynamics. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details