TITLE: Development Architect

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Senior Developer / Scrum Architect- Product Unit Financials, Globalization Services PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS Globalization Services (GS) acts as One Face to the Field Organization and SAP Customers for all Globalization topics: Internationalization, Localization and Translation. Globalization Services Innovates the World Product Unit GS Financials is responsible for Localization of Finance for On Premise ERP solution, Simple Finance and S/4HANA. GS Financials is playing a major role in the adoption and business value contribution of S/4HANA, both Cloud and On Premise Editions. It is spread across 8 development locations across Europe and Asia. The organization GS Financials is involved in - SAFEGUARDING installed base and maintenance revenues by adapting solutions to legal requirements and local business best practices Being the DOOR OPENER for new markets such as China, MENA, and Russia Driving new technologies in localization and delivering INNOVATION and strategic topics like S/4 HANA into the countries Globalization Services works on new development, development support and legal changes activities for localized solutions. Teams in GS follow the Lean Development Model requiring team members who carry out all tasks involved in the team, ranging from development to quality assurance. As a Development Architect for the GS Financials Team, you will need to: Understand central S/4HANA concepts specially regarding Core Data Services Understand functional, especially Financials business requirements and break them into tasks Drive modeling, design, implementation and test based on SAPs programming model Maintenance and corrections Collaborate with other development teams and product management colleagues at Globalization Services who provide localization requirements Responsibility to ensure high quality (create and execute test cases, reviews of specifications, design reviews, code reviews) Efficient coding skills with strong focus on quality and completeness Be flexible & open to work in any software development technologies based on advances in technology Be a part of an agile (SCRUM) development team We offer: Working on challenging development projects in an international global environment Join a mentally young, agile and ambitious team Be part of a LEAN Product and Scrum Team Be responsible for the architecture and development incl. related tasks of the product life-cycle (from SRS to maintenance) Close contact with the customers in the countries being localized EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/ SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES WORK EXPERIENCE University degree in Informatics/ Computer Sciences or related field. ( BE/Btech/MTech/MCA) Advanced knowledge of overall architecture-related topics such as architecture modeling, documentation, patterns, standard compliance & security. Profound knowledge of architecture development processes, the strategy and product standards & tools. Expertise in software development & programming - ABAP, ABAP OO and Database Concepts. Web application programming concepts such as JavaScript, HTML are preferred. Proven track record in architecture-related position. Must be: continuous learner with strong customer focus combined with business acumen Good customer interaction skills, ability to prioritize software requirements, ability to identify reusability and hence provide acceptable solutions to customers Innovative thinker with strong quality focus, results-driven. Team worker and open communicator/ collaborator. Good powers of comprehension and high quality commitment Relationship & Trust Building capabilities required. 10 years of experience in SAP application development (ABAP / ABAP OO, HANA, UI, modeling and design) Experience in SAPs Financials solution components preferred Experience in handling customer messages and developments Having good knowledge on JavaScript or prior experience of developing Fiori apps is an added advantage. Experience in Core Data Services (CDS), SQL , OData Service would be a Plus LEAN thinking with Scrum/Agile Development experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Technical Architect Keyskills Architecture Developer ERP SAP Application Developer Engineering Technology Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers, Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, MCA - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: SAP India Pvt.Ltd Established in 1996, SAP India is a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG. SAP is a recognized leader in providing collaborative e-business solutions for all types of industries, for every market, around the world. SAP India is a part of SAP Asia Pacific and is responsible for the sales of SAP solutions, implementation, post-implementation support, and training and certification of customers and partners. SAP India's mission is to enable companies to access the global market by offering them a wide rage of Web-enabled solutions. For more than five years, SAP India has been delivering solutions to hundreds of successful companies. Today, SAP India is one of the fastest growing SAP subsidiaries with more than 200 customers using mySAP.com solutions. Headquartered in Bangalore, SAP India has offices in Mumbai and Delhi. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details