TITLE: Technical Writer/sr Technical Writer/lead Technical Writer

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Activities performed by Technical Writer would be Analyze deliverable needs for multiple projects and recommend staffing and schedules Create and update planning documents Adapt to and implement new procedures, processes, and corporate directives. Manage multiple project assignments simultaneously, such as working on a major release and a service pack. Mentor other writers. Monitor, update, and manage Projects when asked by the managers. Master one or more products or components. Write technically accurate, grammatically correct information Meet project deadlines. Review, assign, and resolve team track issues(internal & external) Provide feedback on product design, features, and functionality to the project team Report project status Key Skills for this role Ability to author and update deliverables for online and printed documentation. Proficiency - Structured and UnStructured FrameMaker, Adobe Acrobat, RoboHelp tools. Proficiency - Modular /Non-Linear Writing standards using DITA Methodology. Familiarity -with multiple Operating Systems, Servers, Content Management Systems (SVN) and Source Control. Should have good knowledge of Agile Methodology. Ability to perform independent research to understand the product. Ability to communicate effectively with the project team. Provide feedback on product design, features, and functionality to the appropriate team. Position-Specific Authorities Generally works without consulting their manager. Author, test, migrate, restructure, rewrite, and/or update material. Analyze and resolve issues using the bug tracking tool. Contact individuals in various departments to obtain product-related information. Provide editorial, technical, and project management assistance to writers. Identify potential issues and recommend solutions for projects. Escalate issues to management ONLY BENGALURU CANDIDATES ARE ELIGIBLE TO APPLY FOR THIS, NO RELOCATION. Notice Period- Max 2months Graduate Mandatory. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Team Lead/Technical Lead Keyskills Framemaker Robohelp Technical Writing DITA Adobe Acrobat Agile Methodology Content Management Product Design Management Systems Project Management Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Planman HR Private Limited a MNC in Bengaluru An IIPM Iniative Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details