TITLE: Manager - Actuaries

SKILLS: nan

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Major Objectives include: Assist the Global Financial Lines Finance Actuary with analysis of the reserves on both the domestic and international reserving segments. Analyze data and other information to determineof loss and expense reserve adequacy using actuarial techniques. Oversee and prepare reserve study documentation; prepare information for financial statements. Evaluate the appropriate IBNR to be booked each quarter, and prepare Sarbanes Oxley documentation. Conduct research, experience studies and other more complex actuarial analysis; develop, review, and analyze changes and improvements to actuarial procedures. Optimize processes to meet business needs. Assist in the production of Schedule P and other reports and exhibits for GAAP and Statutory financials. Workwith IT systems personnel to design new reports and data requirements. Check data for accuracy. Communicate with pricing actuaries, underwriters, finance, claims, compliance, and legal departments. Complete projects independently withlimited supervision. Requirements BS in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related area. Successful completion of 5 or more actuarial exams. ACAS or FCAS preferred Five yearsor more actuarial experience in property casualty insurance. Reserving experience preferred. Strong analytical, technical, time managementand problem solving skills. Takes initiative on projects and assignments; seeks alternative solutions. Works well both independently and as part of a team. Proficiency in Excel, Access, VBA, or other related skills. Strong business and collaboration skills, and responsive to service needs and operational demands. Effective time management skill. Capability to balance multiple projects with competing deadlines. Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Insurance Functional Area: Other Role Category:Other Role:Other Keyskills actuaries actuarial P&C property & casualty Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Ikya Human Capital Solutions Pvt Ltd IKYA is the fastest growing HR solutions provider in India, offering world-class services to over 5000+ locations across the country-including leading MNCs and large Indian firms across industries-and helping nearly 84,000 associates enhance their careers every year. Regardless of whether your company is looking for leaders, managers or front-line employees, we have the experience, expertise and depth of knowledge to find you the best talent. Our team of over 300 consultants comes with varied domain and industry expertise, and is focused on hiring the right people for your organization. IKYA is derived from the Sanskrit word-"Aikya," meaning "Oneness" and "Integration". It also stands for uniqueness. It represents the unity of the people for a single great cause-the oneness that can empower and change people's world-by creating a positive impact on the lives of its employees, candidates and clients. IKYA is a division of Quess Corp Limited, India's Leading Business Services Provider. For more details login to www.quesscorp.com Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details