TITLE: Telecalling Executive (DAY Shift) - Bangalore

SKILLS: ITES

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from AppsTec!!! We are an 8 year old company catering IT and staffing solutions to clients across the world. We primarily started with a mission providing Oracle based solutions (all modules) then expanding to other vertical - staffing solutions for entire IT spectrum.Â We take pride in successfully delivering our services Tier 1 companies like Oracle, Fujitsu, Emaar, DAFZA, Meraas Holding, ASGC to name a few. We have rapidly grown and still growing with a mission to extend our support in other verticals (IT training and Mobility) soon. We are urgently looking for a Tele caller (DAY SHIFT) with 1-2 years of experience Roles and ResponsibilitiesÂ Should have good communication skills and fluent in English & Hindi. Should be very convincing with positive attitude. Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel. Advising present or prospective clients and candidates. Effective follow up with the prospects on a regular basis. Responsible for handling Outbound / Inbound calls and provide information to the caller. Maintain and develop relationships with the customers viaÂ telephone calls and emails. Maintains database by entering, verifying, and backing up data. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Additional Skills- Persuasion, Telephone Sales, Customer Focus, Organization, Persistence Salary: 1 to 2 lakhs CTC p.a + incentives P.S MBA freshers with excellent communication skills are also welcome. AppsTec ERP Solutions (P) Ltd.Â Koramangala 1st block, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560034 E: info@appstec-me.com, W: http://www.appstec-me.com Salary:INR Good incentives Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category:Voice Role:Telecalling/Telemarketing Executive Keyskills Tele - Calling Tele - Sales BPO Telecaller Tele Calling Executive tele calling representative telecaller executive tele sales executive inside sales Outbound Sales Outbound Calling Appointment Fixing Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AppsTec Consulting APPSTEC,a certified Oracle GOLD Partner is a fast growing IT Consulting and Professional Services Company formed by a dynamic and determined team of consultants who have garnered decades of rich experience in providing customized solutions to clientele across the regions. We are an 8 year old company catering IT and staffing solutions to clients across the world. We primarily started with a mission providing Oracle based solutions (all modules) then expanding to other vertical - staffing solutions for entire IT spectrum. Office Locations: Dubai | RAK | Bangalore | Hyderabad Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details