TITLE: Relationship Manager - Privilege Sales

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings from Anand Rathi Group !!! "Walk-in for Interview From 29th March to 08th March 2016 Between 10 AM to 5 PM" We Have Most urgent Opening for RM & ARM Position for Bangalore and Rest of Karnataka locations at Anand Rathi Group . Position: Relationship Manager - Privilege Key Job Responsibilities - 1. Acquire quality clients through networking, data base, market intelligence and references from existing clients. 2. Generate Cross Sell revenue through Financial Planning. 3. Promote Focus Product of the month. 4. Maintain records of business on internal software. 5. Induct new clients to the Central Dealing Desk for smooth interaction and services. 6. Liaison with Central Dealing Desk for revenue generation and query resolution. 7. Conduct activities for Client Acquisition and Financial Planning. 8. Ensure compliance as per various regulator and organization guidelines. 9. Maintain the brand image of the organization. 10. Products like - MF, Insurance, Broking, FD, Bonds, PMS, FP and Wealth Mgmt Services. Job Specification - 1. Experience - 1 year or more experience in direct sales 2. Qualification - Graduate and above 3. Industry - Banks , Insurance Co., distribution houses, Medical representatives, Eureka Forbes types and any other organization in direct sales 4. Compensation- Between 10 to 25 K + Incentives Interview Details - Date: 29th March 2016 to 08thÂ April Â 2016 Time: 10 AM to 5 PM For Venue please contact undersigned Contact Person:Â Mr.Chidananda.M.S (Sr.HR Manager) Contact Number: 080 -49221222 Need to carry: Resume + passport Size Photograph Dressed Up: Formal Anand Rathi Group Look forward to meet you or You Can Send your Updated Resume to -chidanandams@rathi.com Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Incentive Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills Relationship Management Direct Sales Distribution Revenue Generation Insurance Broking Cross Selling Wealth Management Finance HR Client Acquisition Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: AnandRathi Anand Rathi Group is one of India's fastest growing full service securities firm. The services offered range from Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance &amp; Advisory, Brokerage &amp; Distribution in the areas of equities, commodities, mutual funds and insurance. With presence at over 180 locations, the Group caters to the financial needs of well-reputed Corporate Groups, Institutions, Foreign Investors and Individuals. In order to meet our growth plans, we are looking for young, dynamic and result-oriented candidates . Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details