TITLE: IT Recruiter with Yellow Box HR Services

SKILLS: HR

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Hiring for IT Recruiter 1. Sourcing, screening, interview scheduling & coordination, negotiating compensation packages, etc. 2. Should be able to get a pool of candidates, do telephonic screening, and schedule the interview and follow-up. 3. Should have had worked on major job portals & social networking tool and other classified job sites. 4. Candidate should come with a strong network of candidates. 5. Client Interaction & Coordination as and when required. 6. Candidate should have the ability to interact with GM's CFO, Finance Head, and MDs of reputed and large corporate. 7. Ensuring a good offer to join ratio. Key Skills Required: 1. Excellent Communication Skills, good convincing skill, analyzing skill and market analyzing skill. 2. Should be target driven and able to handle pressure. 3. Should be a team player who effectively builds relationships both inside and outside the organization. 4. Should be a self motivator and work as a independent contributor. Experience: Preferred: Fresher - 2 Years Recruitment Experienced. Salary: 9K to 12K (Depending on experience) Shift: Day Shift Location: Koramangala For any further query Call Audy-9686116233 . NOTE:- Candidates looking for Opportunity in Corporate please don't Call Salary:INR 1,00,000 - 1,50,000 P.A Industry: Recruitment / Staffing Functional Area: HR , Recruitment , Administration , IR Role Category:HR/ Recruitment / IR Role:Recruitment Executive Keyskills IT Recruitment Compensation HR Screening Hiring Interviewing Sourcing Client Interaction IT Recruiter Recruitment Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Yellow Box HR Services Pvt. Ltd. Headquartered in Kolkata, Yellow Box HR Services Pvt. Ltd.; incorporated in the year 2008 provides superior consulting services and strategies recruitment solutions catering to varied industry verticals. Yellow Box HR Services is a class apart company specialized in the domain of BPO, IT & Non IT and is focused in delivering best-in-class solutions and services in HR enabled by stringent and inherent quality standards, cutting edge technology and state of art infrastructure. We at Yellow Box HR Services, aspire to meet the demands of a technologically challenging environment, by providing solutions based on right technology and key customer insight. In a short span Yellow Box HR Services has grown from a single location recruitment hub to one of the largest talent staffing houses in the city and India. Presently we're delivering quality recruitment services from three business centre's of ours in Pune, Kolkata and Bangalore Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details