TITLE: Software Development Engineer - Test - Java

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Company: Product based company The first online company to bring games of skill with cash prizes to the large, yet underserved Indian market in a fun, Job description: Experience- 2 to 5 years Job Location- Bangalore Position Title: Software Engineer Position/Role Description The Software Engineer will be part of the Engineering/Development team and will be responsible for developing core products of the company. The applicant must have good communication, interpersonal, technical and analytical skills in order to take part in the collaborative and cooperative development process that delivers the high quality software we use to provide the best possible playing experience to our players. The candidate should be familiar of data structures and algorithms. The applicant should have excellent programming skills in the Java programming language and needs to be familiar with popular IDEs. Should be a fast learner and energetic. General Accountabilities/Job Responsibilities The candidate is expected to write code himself/herself. - The candidate is expected to do unit testing and deployment. - Works closely with QA team to determine testing requirements to ensure full coverage and best quality of product. Job Specifications BE/B. Tech. Computer Science or MCA from a reputed University. 2-4 Years of experience in software development, with emphasis on JAVA/J2EE Server side programming. - Hands on experience in Core Java, Multithreading, Data structures. Knowledge of Linux operating system and PostgreSQL database is desirable. Should have excellent written and verbal communication skills and presentation skills. Knowledge of frontend development technologies such as HTML, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript to enhance interactivity will be an added advantage. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills HTML Core Java Javascript CSS Postgresql J2Ee Multithreading Algorithms Data Structures Linux Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: Zyoin Leading client of Zyoin Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details