TITLE: Dsit-t&s - Developer (java)

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Job Purpose: Perform analysis, technical design, development, testing and deployment of IT software within the functions portfolio, specialising in an application which enables Tradings Contracts management process. Specialist in core Java / technologies for the Trading and Supply business, to become an application specialist and SME for the area. Serve as subject matter expert/leader/champion in the Shell domain areas of: the MCC application, its processes and technical components, functional/technical requirements translation, IT delivery processes, project technical initiation & execution. Dimensions: Annual budget or financial business dimensions that the job either directly controls or indirectly influence: * No staff/budget accountability * Virtual working environment in a globally based and culturally diverse team * Managing multiple delivery priorities and multiple demand requests * Working with multiple stakeholders in various organizations Principal Accountabilities: 1. Performing IT software development work on project, discretionary or operational items. This may include: Analysis of problems and opportunities, Technical Estimating, Technical Analysis, Technical Requirements Definition, Technical Solution Design, Technical Specification & Acceptance Criteria, and Technical Test Plan design and execution. 2. Serving as technical SME/liaison to project and support teams in order to provide technical advice, guidance, standards, troubleshooting assistance and process coaching for the Tradings Contracts management process, systems, and stakeholders. 3. Performing, assisting with, or providing technical support for: Unit, System, Integration or End-to-End testing for fixes, enhancements or new development. 4. Liaising with a diverse set of business portfolio and IT stakeholders, as required 5. Adhering to applicable Shell code development and code management standards 6. Assisting, as needed, with top quartile Application Support for the business portfolio based solutions, to service levels agreed with the Business 7. Supporting ITSO operations in security, incident/problem management, change management and other run and maintain activities by serving as a subject matter expert in relevant technical areas 8. Championing global streamlined technical processes and information standardization, as well as all IT procedure and policies. 9. Comply with Information Risk Management (IRM) standards and procedures 10. Exhibit behaviours of: - Developing high quality design specifications for enhancements / new functionality. - Able to clearly articulate and work to realistic deadlines and timelines. - Take user requirements through to solution delivery. - Implement top grade solutions & test software changes efficiently and to a high standard. - Adheres to coding standards and actively drives high standards within team on code and documentation quality. - Applies knowledge of industry trends and developments to improve services. - Actively applies feedback received from day to day work and continually strives to improve performance. - Be coherent, grammatically correct, and effective in professional written and verbal communications. - Work on own initiative, think independently and make decisions at the appropriate level of responsibility. - Understand the professional development process and becomes actively involved by setting challenging goals and meeting them through continuous learning. - Demonstrate strong collaboration skills, including ability to work with other team members from different time zones on complex technical issues and achieve positive results. - Coordinate effectively with project managers and leads around schedules and deliverables for projects. Be able to identify opportunities to improve processes and offer constructive suggestions for change. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Oil and Gas / Energy / Power / Infrastructure Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills operations sme risk management documentation technical support change management policies business intelligence application support sql server Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Job Knowledge, Skills & Experience:Specify the educational background, qualifications and experience typically required to perform the job fully and effectively.1. Computer Science or similar degree2. Minimum 7 years software development experience across multiple full life cycle application development projects3. Must have technical skills- Strong experience in programming skills in Core Java * Java/J2EE Software Developer hands on Java/J2EE development * Web services* J2EE Back End development* Experience in java design patterns.- Oracle / SQL Server* Good experience of Oracle Database including tuning to ensure maximum performance is achieved* Extensive experience of SQL5-7 years Experience in Object oriented concepts and application design is a must- Must have created software designs using UML concepts such as sequence diagrams, interaction diagrams.4. Nice to have technical skills- Familiarity with any Code management tool Subversion, CVS, VFS. Etc.- iProcess - .NET C#- XSLT5. Track record of successful delivery, both independently and in teams and a proven ability to operate as part of a virtual team6. Ability to multi-task across differing tasks and effectively manages competing priorities7. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to engender trust, credibility and respect with team and stakeholders8. Ability to quickly adapt to changing demands and project environments when moving from assignment to assignment9. Any applicable Technical certifications are a plus10. Experience with Openlink Endur software is a plus.11. Knowledge of software methodologies and approaches such as:- Software Development Life Cycle- Object Oriented Design- Experience with Development Frameworks- Web Services- Data Interfaces / Data Integration- Business Intelligence / Data Analytics- Algorithmic trading experience Company Profile: Shell Pvt Ltd Shell Pvt Ltd Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details