TITLE: Lead Subsystems Engineer- Rotor

SKILLS: Engineering Design

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Role Summary/Purpose The Wind Rotor Lead Subsystem Engineer will demonstrate technical accountability for the rotor system across platforms. You will control interfaces & manage components/systems tradeoffs. You will drive to identify key risks & mitigation plans. You will lead product development projects from concept through operation, RCAs, SAFER cases & field issue resolution. You will be responsible for cross functional coordination between Engineering, Supply Chain, Field Services, & Manufacturing. Essential Responsibilities Demonstrates leadership in communicating business goals/programs/processes for an area or business segment. Has the experience or expertise to solve problems Has experience with rotor systems & designs (bearing, drives), WTG Blade design & development Execute the design, analysis, or evaluation of assigned projects using sound engineering principles and adhering to business standards, practices, procedures, and product/program requirements. Gather simulation, factory, laboratory and field test data to build upon existing system and component capabilities (i.e. Blade, Bearing, Pitch system capability). Perform system tradeoffs to both utilize existing components, identify areas for smart margin, & identify strategic uprates. Provide timely communications on significant issues or developments. Provide recommendations to Wind management team Participate on teams assigned to address organizational initiatives and generic issues. Participate as a presenter or reviewer in technical and program reviews. Assure proper documentation of technical data generated for the assigned projects and/or tasks consistent with engineering policies and procedures. Requirements - Masters/ Bachelor of Science in Mechanical/ Civil/ Aero Engineering At least 4 years of experience in an engineering position Desired Characteristics - At least 4 years of experience in a Wind engineering position - Minimum 2 years of experience on at least one of the rotor subsystem components (blade, pitch drives, pitch bearing, Hub) Strong technical aptitude, including applicable engineering tools and systems Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Ability to work in a matrix team environment Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area: Engineering Design , R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills Design Development Field Testing Project Development Test Data Issue Resolution Design Analysis Cross Functional Coordination Product Development Written Communication Leadership Skills Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Â Company Profile: GE India Technology Pvt. Ltd. Engineering Analysis Center of Excellence (EACoE) is the Engineering & technology hub for GE Infrastructure located at the John F Welch Technology Centre, Bangalore. The team is part of the Global Engineering team of the Infrastructure businesses like Aviation, Energy, Oil & Gas and Water technologies, engaged in high-end design and analysis of Aircraft Engine components, Steam / Gas / Wind Turbines and Generators and mechanical drives for oil & gas applications. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details