TITLE: Procurement Associate

SKILLS: Supply Chain

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Walk-In with Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) For Procurement If you are interested and eligible for the Role kindly attend the interview at below mentioned Address - 1 April 2016 Time: 10.00 AM - 4PM Venue: HP Recruitment Center HiRePro Consulting Pvt Ltd. #8, SBI Colony, 7th A Main, 3rd Block, Koramangala, Bangalore - 560034 Karnataka, India Landmark: Near Toshiba on the Service Road Koramangala Last Bus Stop * Not Eligible BE/ Btech / MCA/ MTech / CA / ICWA / Core Technical and Core Accounting Graduates HP is Hiring now "Procurement Operations Associate " Job Title: Procurement Associate Please carry a copy of the email with ID proof and 2 passport size photographs of yours. Job Description: &bull; Excellent written and verbal communication skills - need to interact on a daily basis with the external suppliers on emails and calls &bull; Flexibility to shifts &bull; Basic understanding of process workflows. &bull; Maintains and improves quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines; recommending improved procedures &bull; Uses procurement subject matter expertise to solve problems, ensure compliance, and improve processes. &bull; Works across a single function supporting multiple countries and/or commodities. &bull; Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. * BE/ Btech / MCA/ MTech / CA / ICWA / Core Technical and Core Accounting Graduates - are not Eligible Any 15 years of regular Graduates - Mandate Key skills for the Job: * Good communication skills(Semi-Voice process) * Ability to learn and grasp information quickly * Customer centric * Positive approach/attitude * Good team player * Good Interpersonal skills with an ability to work with multiple diverse teams, and Customers * Analytical skills * Willingness to learn multiple business processes * Able to work across different time zones * Self-motivated * Language - Excellent English - written/spoken Thanks & Regards, HR Staffing Team, Hewlett Packard Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Other Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category:Logistics Role:Logistics Executive Keyskills Procurement Supply Chain Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Good Communication Company Profile: Hewlett Packard Enterprise At HP we believe technology can create new possibilities for people around the world??from high school students and soccer moms to budding entrepreneurs, government officials, and business executives. We??re the largest IT company on the planet, with 304,000 employees working in approximately 170 countries around the world. And we are able to leverage our size and scope to deliver real value in the products and services we offer. Our healthcare solutions are helping hospitals reduce errors and insurers bring down costs. Our TouchSmart products are helping individuals with autism communicate for the very first time. Our digital printing solutions are revolutionizing the publishing industry by allowing publishers to print individual books on demand. And that??s just the beginning. Where others see challenges, we see opportunities. So we never stop exploring. We never stop at impossible. And we can??t wait to show you what we think of next. HP in India: Established in 1988, India is one of the largest and most diverse sites for HP outside of the US. Based on revenue, HP in India is the country??s Number One domestic company and is also the Number One multinational company [Source: Data Quest 2009*]. Based on revenue, HP is the country??s number one domestic company as well as the top multinational company in the IT industry. It is one of the nation??s largest employers, with businesses spanning customer support to R&D and systems engineering. HP is ranked among the top 10 Best Companies to work for by Business Today, a leading Indian publication, and it is recognized as a Hewitt Best Employer (2009). We are also the leading brand across many product and services categories and have won critical acclaim at the NASSCOM Foundation Social Innovation Honors?? (2009). HP??s participation in national climate change consortiums provides a valuable opportunity to lead and drive the country??s transformation to a low-carbon economy. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details