TITLE: Urgent Oportunity For Business Banking (working Capital/sme)

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Greetings For the Day!!! Â We have Urgent Opening For Business Banking (Working Capital/SME) with Leading Private Bank Â Corporates who are having turnover Rs.150 cr above are being considered as SME Clients. SEG Clients - Corporates seeking Credit Facilities of upto Rs. 7.50 cr MEG Clients - Corporates seeking Credit Facilities of beyond Rs. 7.50 cr SCF Clients - Dealer & Vendor financing of big Corporate Clients Â Locations : Mumbai (All), Pune, Bangalore, Hubli, Chennai, Delhi/ NCR Job Profile are: Complete ownership of a portfolio of productive accounts. The number of accounts managed may vary depending upon asset size of the portfolio, geography covered, operational intensity and branches mapped to the RM. He is banks face to the customer. Handling Working capital products- fund based and non fund based. (LC, OD, BG) Responsible for the growth of the portfolio (organic and inorganic), ensuring targets are met and there is availability of an increased revenue stream. Cross sell: Ensuring lead conversion of leads generated by branches. To be on the permanent look out for cross sell opportunities within his domain. Cross sell of CASA / FDs, TPP, other product requirements to existing customers. Credit Management & Housekeeping: Primarily includes CAM preparations and timely renewals, obtaining and closing deferrals, plant and site visits and preparation of call memos, obtaining and deciphering stock statements, quarterly results, insurance. TOD management. Ensuring the quality of Portfolio: Be on the lookout for stress signs in the client operations / activity and address them. Salary:INR 5,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. "best Incentives" Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Corporate Sales Role:Sales/Business Development Manager Keyskills Business Banking SME Banking SME BBRM Working Capital WC LC BG OD CC TL Business Banking Relationship Manager SME Relationship Manager Business Banking RM Emerging Corporate ETRG Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization Requirements : Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor of Art, Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Architecture, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Computer Application, Master of Art, Master of Commerce or Master of Science in Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent. 3 Years of Minimum Working experience in the related field is required for this position. Required skill(s): Business Banking, SME, Working Capital Company Profile: KREHSST RECRUITMENT SOLUTIONS Hiring for Leading Private Bank In India "The Krehsst group with an industry experience of over two decades is providing business solutions and consulting to Indian and Overseas clients for over 12 years." Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details