TITLE: Urgent Opening for Siebel CRM Consultant

SKILLS: IT Software - Application Programming

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Dear Candidate, Greetings from Nelito Systems Ltd ( TATA group of Company) Nelito Systems Limited (A TATA Group IT Company) headquartered in Mumbai and with presence across India is a Multifunctional IT Product & Services Company. Nelito is engaged in Software Development, Software Consulting, Implementation & Support, System Integration and IT Infrastructure Management. We are also a Microsoft Certified Gold Partner and an active Business Associate Partner to leading Indian & MNC IT companies. The key to our success are our resources. You can create value for yourself by creating value for the organization. For further details, please visit our website - www.nelito.com We have opening for Siebel CRM Consultant Skill : Siebel CRM Job Location: Mumbai/Delhi/Hyderabad/Bangalore Experience: 3 to 6 yrs Notice period : Looking for immediate joiners or maximum 30 days notice period In case if you wish to explore this opportunity, you are requested to forward your updated resume at sadaf.chougle@nelito.com with following details: Total Exp- Rel Exp- Current CTC- Expected CTC- Notice Period- You may also refer to your peers or friends. Thanks and Regards, Sadaf Chougle Nelito Systems Ltd. Direct: +912267135574 Salary:INR 2,50,000 - 4,75,000 P.A Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming , Maintenance Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Software Developer Keyskills Siebel CRM siebel configuration siebel developer eim developer siebel and configuration developer siebel crm developer siebel crm programmer Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: Nelito Systems Ltd Nelito Systems Limited is a Tata Group company, established in 1995. It is an ISO 9001:2000 company for Design, Development & Implementation of IT solutions. Nelito is a multifunctional IT solutions & services company engaged in software Development, Software Implementation, IT Infrastructure & Facility management Services, Networking, ERP Implementation and Professional Services. The vertical focus of the company is the BFSI segment. It has been developing Software solutions and products for the Banking industry for the last ten years. It is a leading system integrator in this segment, having executed more than 1000 turnkey projects. Nelito possess 540 man-years of expertise in software development of Banking & Financial related products and 1400 man-years experience in IT Infrastructure Management. Nelito has won "The Partner of the Year" award for the Asia Pacific Region from Microsoft Corporation under ISV (Independent Software Vendor) category. The award recognizes Nelito's achievement in building time critical solutions using Microsoft's cutting edge technology and its engagement with its clients in a creative and successful manner. In India, Nelito supports its clients through 90+ support locations. These extend from Srinagar to Trivandrum and Rajkot to Guwahati. Thus we have a Pan-India presence. Nelito is the business alliance partner to Hewlett-Packard India Sales Pvt. Ltd (HP) and to Infosys Technologies Limited for implementation of Core Banking Solution. Nelito is also a Business Partner to leading Indian & MNC IT Companies for deployment of its IT resources on a contracting model. The skills deployed include ERP, IBM Mainframe, Database Professionals, Microsoft & Internet Technologies, Data warehousing, Network & System Administrators, S/W Testing and Banking Domain Specialists. At Nelito, we have a vision of where we want to go. The keys to our success are our resources. We seek professionals who will share our vision and who are committed to making it happen. At Nelito you will encounter a professional, open and challenging environment. You can create value for yourself by creating value for the organization. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details