TITLE: National Sales Head

SKILLS: Sales

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this Purpose of Role The National Sales Head" will report to CEO & Board of Directors and be responsible for Pepagora.coms direct sales efforts into SMB market. He / She will have New Sales Acquisition and Client Servicing responsibility for the entire India, and will be primarily responsible for managing a team of sales professionals and driving towards monthly, quarterly, and annual sales targets. Expected Outcomes Within 30 days of employment Develop a deep understanding of the product offering, customer needs, and competitive landscape. Set expectations with every sales rep around timely and accurate forecasting, pipeline and sales activity reporting. Internalize and deliver the value proposition clearly and persuasively to a variety of different audiences. Achieve Sales Certification. Within 60 days of employment Develop market plans for SMB which detail strategy, capacity and tactics to get to forecasted new sales each month in FY16. Support sales team members, as required, during any stage of the sales cycle: lead generation, qualification, proposal, negotiation, close, upsell, and renewals. Hire, develop, and ultimately make new hires successful within 1-3 months. Exceed your individual quota and team quota consistently. Partner with Product Marketing to refine ROI, cost modeling and other quantitative techniques to educate and persuade potential clients. Mentor Account Executives and share best practices from your relevant sales experience on a daily basis, ensuring the team has a defined sales methodology for winning. Within 90 days of employment Put your fingerprints on the sales culture motivating individuals to succeed through impassioned leadership, coaching, development of creative sales incentives, and regular communication of results. Manage your business to consistently (over) achieve key sales target. Refine sales process by channel with an eye on higher productivity, higher pipeline conversion rates and alignment to customers buying journey. Regularly demonstrate leadership capabilities, including managing, developing and motivating sales team members; Proven ability to scout, recruit and retain top talent. Requirements for Success Strategic thinking / visioning Able to see and communicate the big picture in an inspiring way. Determines opportunities and threats through comprehensive analysis of current and future trends. Organization & planning Plans, organizes, schedules and budgets in an efficient, productive manner. Focuses on key priorities. Aggressiveness Moves quickly and takes a forceful stand without being abrasive. Ability to hire A players Sources, selects and sells A Players to join the Company. Track record of developing people Coaches people in their current roles to improve performance, and prepares them for future roles. Follow-through on commitments Lives up to verbal and written agreements. Intelligence Learns quickly. Demonstrates ability to quickly and proficiently understand and absorb new information. Analytical skills Able to structure and process qualitative and quantitative data and draw insightful conclusions from it. Exhibits a probing mind and achieves penetrating insights. Attention to detail Does not let important details slip through the cracks or derail a project. Persistence Demonstrates tenacity and willingness to go the distance to get something done. Proactivity Acts without being told what to do. Brings new ideas to the company. Flexibility / adaptability Adjusts quickly to changing priorities and conditions. Copes effectively with complexity and change. Calm under pressure Maintains stable performance when under heavy pressure or stress. Creativity / Innovation Generates new and innovative approaches to problems. Enthusiasm Exhibits passion and excitement over work. Has can-do attitude. Work Ethic Possesses a strong willingness to work hard and sometimes long hours to get the job done. Has a track record of working hard. High standards Expects personal performance and team performance to be nothing short of the best. Communication Speaks and writes clearly and articulately without being overly verbose or talkative. Maintains this standard in all forms of communication. Teamwork Reaches out to peers and cooperates with manager to establish an overall collaborative working relationship. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Internet / Ecommerce Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category:Senior Management Role:Head/VP/GM/National Manager -Sales Keyskills National Sales Product Marketing Selling Direct Sales Lead Generation Client Servicing Sales Process Strategy ROI Strategic Thinking Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Desired Skills and ExperienceProfessional Experience, Education and Other RequirementsBachelor's degree required, advanced degree a plus. Minimum 3-5 years of successful direct sales leadership experience. Experience at a leading Enterprise or Mid Market SaaS company. Experience navigating Mid Market sales cycles of different lengths, from 1-4 months. Excellent communication (written, oral) and presentation skills (in-person, virtual). Comfort working closely and building relationships with Sr. executives. Proven experience working in a hyper-growth tech environment. Ability to work from our Bangalore office on a regular basis. Travel up to 20%. No relocation provided. Strong references. Company Profile: FLORET Media FLORET Media is promoted by a group of online experienced and expert marketing consultants. The entire team has 40+ years of cumulative work experience in their respective fields. It is one of the most successful Online Marketing Company with its head office in Bangalore and branches in Tirupur, Coimbatore & Chennai. Ever since Floret was founded in 2011, it has grown to serve hundreds of customers. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details