TITLE: Delivery Specialist

SKILLS: IT Software - Other

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this The Delivery Specialist will be responsible for Designing; Implementing VCE Vblocks and other converged products remotely. He/ She should have Expert knowledge in Implementing & troubleshooting EMC storage arrays Willingness to work in 24* 7 environments and on weekends. VNX, VMAX, XIO Ability to work in a team environment. Proficiency in data centers environments specially Storage related infrastructure Strong technical aptitude. Knowledge of the technical & troubleshooting aspects of hardware/ software subject matter Data Domain Avamar Recoverpoint VPLEX 6-9 Year Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: IT Software - Other Role Category:Programming & Design Role:System Analyst Keyskills troubleshooting emc storage environments knowledge data centers data technical domain hardware expert Desired Candidate Profile Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Computers PG:M.Tech - Computers Doctorate:Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile: EMC Data Storage Systems (India) Private Limited. Who we are: EMC Corporation is the world leader in products, services, and solutions for information storage and management. What we do We help customers of all sizes manage their growing information from the time of its creation to its archival and eventual disposal through information lifecycle management. EMC information infrastructure solutions are the foundation of this mission. An EMC information infrastructure unifies networked storage technologies, storage platforms, software, and services to help organizations better and more cost-effectively manage, protect, and share information. EMC's Vision EMC's vision is to create the ultimate information lifecycle management company and help customers in getting the maximum value from their information at the lowest total cost, at every point in the information lifecycle. With 2005 revenues of $9.66 billion, and approximately 26,500 employees worldwide, EMC is the world leader in products, services, and solutions for information storage and management. EMC Software Group (ESG) is among the 10 largest software companies in the world. EMC2. Where information lives. Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details