TITLE: Exciting Career Opportunity for RTL Design Engineers | Bangalore

SKILLS: IT Software - Embedded

Job Description Â Send me Jobs like this RTL Engineer in -ASIC Flows LINT CDC (Clark Domain Crossing) DRC rule checking & Synthesis using RTL compiler Develop micro-architecture and RTL implementationÂ Block level/ full chip integration and design. Experience on ASICÂ At least 3+ years experience with design, verification and timing tools such as those from Synopsys/Cadence Hands-on with Lint, CDC, LEC and preferably Low Power check tools Some experience of AXI/AHB design in System Verilog and timing, performance & power optimizations Good understanding of design implementation flows and tools (Synthesis, STA, and DFT) Good knowledge of configuration tools and workflow tools: Clearcase/ClearQuest, etc. Desired Skills Knowledge of Networks on Chip Fabric, I/O protocols like SDCC/DDR/USB/UART/SPI etc. would be a plus Work with functional verification team to review test plans and coverage Ability to explain the designs and document their functionality once they are complete.Â Scripting experience - Perl or TclÂ CPU and debugging experience Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area: IT Software - Embedded , EDA , VLSI , ASIC , Chip Design Role Category:Programming & Design Role:Database Architect/Designer Keyskills System Verilog Synthesis ASIC RTL Design CDC LINT DRC ASIC Flows Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile: Enlivening Technologies Pvt Ltd About us: Enlivening Technologies Private Limited (ISO 9001 2008 Certified**) Enlivening Technologies (An Essel Group Company) has been formed by a group of highly experienced Automotive and Aerospace & Defence technologists with an aim to provide "Apt & Innovative"- mechanical, electrical and embedded solutions to Automotive, Aerospace and Defence Industry. Enlivening's vision is to provide top of the pyramid engineering consulting, solutions and services to the industries yielding cost effective products. We can support the industry innovate the product realization in a manner that addresses the challenges viz. time-to-market, lower costs, high technology and quality. Enlivening aims to provide complete end-to-end solutions through its committed eco-system. For more information, please visit http://www.enliveningtech.com/ We primarily serve engineering domains: mechanical, electronics & communication, embedded systems, control systems and the intersections of them. Our expertise includes integrated development and optimization from all relevant perspectives driven by systems thinking. Enlivening supports its clients with comprehensive portfolio covering the complete life cycle of the metallic/ composite product from concept design, preliminary design, detailed design, simulations, optimization, digital manufacturing, 3-D modelling and 2-D engineering & manufacturing drawings, prototyping and product qualification through required testing. In the electronics & communications, and control systems domain, Enlivening has hardware and software product design/co-design & development expertise for all life cycle processes/stages that includes Requirements capture, analysis, simulation, design, implementation, Verification & Validation (V&V) design & execution, virtual analytical integration & testing, product data management and technical documentation. Enlivening team's expertise makes it the best strategic partner to Indian defence Systems and other global customers in the field of military electronics domain. Our solutions and offerings in this area consists of Ã‚Â· Electro mechanical systems Ã‚Â· C4I2 Solutions (Command, Control, Communication, Coordination, Intelligence and Interoperability) Ã‚Â· Software and Simulations Ã‚Â· System Integration Download PPT Photo 1 Â View Contact Details